 EX-10.5 12 f1012g2017ex10v_abthold.htm FORM OF DEBENTURE
Exhibit 10.5
 
EXHIBIT A
 
FORM OF DEBENTURE
 
NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS 
CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT 
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES 
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH 
A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN 
WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” AS DEFINED IN 
RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH 
SECURITIES.
 
Original Issue Date: October 7, 2016
Original Conversion Price (subject to adjustment herein): $0.50
 
Principal Amount: $5,800,000
 
8% SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE
DUE OCTOBER 1, 2018
 
This 8% SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly 
authorized and validly issued 8% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures of 
ABT HOLDINGS, INC., an Idaho corporation (the “Company”), having its 
principal place of business at 225 S. Lake Avenue, Suite 300, Pasadena, 
California 91101, designated as its 8% Senior Secured Convertible Debenture 
due October 1, 2018 (this debenture, the “Debenture” and, collectively with 
the other debentures of such series, the “Debentures”).
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to Hillair Capital 
Investments L.P or its registered assigns (the “Holder”), or shall have 
paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of $5,800,000 on 
October 1, 2018 (the “Maturity Date”) or such earlier date as this 
Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and 
to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then 
outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the 
provisions hereof. This Debenture is subject to the following additional 
provisions:
 

 

 

 
Section 1.	Definitions. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms 
defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the
meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and (b) the 
following terms shall have the following meanings:
 
    “Alternate Consideration” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
    5(e).
     
    “Bankruptcy Event” means any of the following events: (a) the Company
    or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w)
    of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other Proceeding under
    any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief
    of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of
    any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Significant Subsidiary
    thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant
    Subsidiary thereof any such case or Proceeding that is not dismissed
    within sixty (60) days after commencement, (c) the Company or any
    Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or
    any order of relief or other order approving any such case or
    Proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary
    thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or
    any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed
    within sixty (60) calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company
    or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for
    the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary
    thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a
    composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company
    or any Significant Subsidiary thereof admits in writing that it is
    generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company
    or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act,
    expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any
    of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose
    of effecting any of the foregoing.
 
    “Beneficial Ownership Limitation” shall have the meaning set forth in
    Section 4(d).
 
    “Buy-In” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(v).
     
“Change of Control Transaction” means the occurrence after the date hereof 
of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or 
legal entity or “group” (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under 
the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial 
ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in 
excess of forty percent (40%) of the voting securities of the Company 
(other than by means of conversion or exercise of the Debentures and the 
Securities issued together with the Debentures), (b) the Company merges 
into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or 
consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, 
the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own 
less than sixty percent (60%) of the aggregate voting power of the Company 
or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Company sells or 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the 
stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less 
than sixty percent (60%) of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring 
entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or 
within a three (3) year period of more than one-half of the members of the 
Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals 
who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (as 
defined below) (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the 
Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors 
was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are 
members on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an 
agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, 
providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
    “Conversion Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).
     
    “Conversion Price” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).
     
    “Conversion Schedule” means the Conversion Schedule in the form of 
    Schedule 1 attached hereto.
     
    “Conversion Shares” means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms
    hereof.
     
    “Debenture Register” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).
 
    “Equity Conditions” means, during the period in question, (a) the
    Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions
    scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of
    Conversion of the Holder, if any, (b) the Company shall have paid all
    liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the Holder in respect of
    this Debenture, (c) all of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to
    the Transaction Documents (and shares issuable in lieu of cash payments
    of interest) may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or
    manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
    as determined by the counsel to the Company as set forth in a written
    opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer
    Agent and the Holder, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading
    Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction
    Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and
    the Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock
    on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable
    future), (e) there is a sufficient number of authorized but unissued
    and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all
    of the shares then issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (f)
    there is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which, with
    the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event
    of Default, (g) the issuance of the shares in question (or, in the case
    of an Optional Redemption or Periodic Redemption, the shares issuable
    upon conversion in full of the Optional Redemption Amount or Periodic
    Redemption Amount) to the Holder would not violate the limitations set
    forth in Section 4(d) herein, (h) there has been no public announcement
    of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control
    Transaction that has not been consummated, (i) the applicable Holder is
    not in possession of any information provided by the Company that
    constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information and (j)
    the number of shares of Common Stock proposed to be issued in respect
    of such redemptions at issue, in each case as attributable to all
    holders of Debentures, is less than 20% of the aggregate number of
    shares of Common Stock traded on the principal Trading Market during
    the 20 Trading Days immediately prior to such payment date.
     

  	3 	 

 

     
    “Event of Default” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).
 
    “Fundamental Transaction” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
    5(e).
     
    “Interest Payment Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
    2(a).
     
    “Late Fees” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).
     
    “Mandatory Default Amount” means the sum of (a) the greater of (i) the
    outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus all accrued and
    unpaid interest hereon, divided by the Conversion Price on the date the
    Mandatory Default Amount is either (A) demanded (if demand or notice is
    required to create an Event of Default) or otherwise due or (B) paid in
    full, whichever has a lower Conversion Price, multiplied by the VWAP on
    the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (x) demanded or
    otherwise due or (y) paid in full, whichever has a higher VWAP, or (ii)
    one hundred thirty percent (130%) of the outstanding principal amount
    of this Debenture, plus all accrued and unpaid interest hereon, and (b)
    all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in
    respect of this Debenture.
 
    “New York Courts” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(d).
     
    “Notice of Conversion” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
    4(a).
     
    “Optional Redemption” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).
     
    “Optional Redemption Amount” means the sum of (a) one hundred twenty
    percent (120%) of the then outstanding principal amount of the
    Debenture, (b) accrued but unpaid interest and (c) all liquidated
    damages and other amounts due in respect of the Debenture.
     
    “Optional Redemption Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
    6(a).
     
    “Optional Redemption Notice” shall have the meaning set forth in
    Section 6(a).
     
    “Optional Redemption Notice Date” shall have the meaning set forth in
    Section 6(a).
     

  	4 	 

 

     
    “Optional Redemption Period” shall have the meaning set forth in
    Section 6(a).
 
    “Original Issue Date” means the date of the first issuance of the
    Debentures, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and regardless
    of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such
    Debentures.
     
    “Periodic Redemption” means the redemption of this Debenture pursuant
    to Section 6(b)(i) hereof.
     
    “Periodic Redemption Amount” means the sum of (i) as to each Periodic
    Redemption Date, $1,450,000, and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest,
    liquidated damages and any other amounts then owing to the Holder in
    respect of this Debenture.
     
    “Periodic Redemption Date” means January 1, 2018, April 1, 2018, July
    1, 2018 and October 1, 2018.
     
    “Permitted Indebtedness” means (a) the indebtedness evidenced by the
    Debentures, (b) the indebtedness existing on the Original Issue Date
    and set forth on Schedule 1, (c) lease obligations and purchase money
    indebtedness of up to $50,000, in the aggregate, incurred in connection
    with the acquisition of capital assets and lease obligations with
    respect to newly acquired or leased assets, (d) accounts payable to
    trade creditors and current operating expenses (other than for borrowed
    money) which are not aged more than 120 calendar days from the billing
    date or more than 30 days from the due date, in each case incurred in
    the ordinary course of business and paid within such time period,
    unless the same are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
    and lawful proceedings and such reserves, if any, with respect thereto
    as are required by GAAP and deemed adequate by Company’s independent
    accountants shall have been reserved, and (e) borrowings incurred in
    the ordinary course of business and not exceeding $50,000 individually
    or in the aggregate outstanding at any one time provided, however, that
    such Indebtedness shall be on an unsecured basis, subordinated in right
    of repayment and remedies to all of the payments owed to Holder
    hereunder and to all of Holder's rights pursuant to a subordination
    agreement in form and substance satisfactory to holders of at least
    seventy-five percent (75%) in principal amount of the then outstanding
    Debentures.
     
    “Permitted Lien” means the individual and collective reference to the
    following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental
    charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other
    governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by
    appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith
    judgment of the management of the Company) have been established in
    accordance with GAAP, (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in
    the ordinary course of the Company’s business, such as carriers’,
    warehousemen’s and mechanics’ Liens, statutory landlords’ Liens, and
    other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of the Company’s
    business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate
    materially detract from the value of such property or assets or
    materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of
    the Company and its Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good
    faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of
    preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the
    property or asset subject to such Lien, (c) Liens incurred in
    connection with Permitted Indebtedness under subclause (a) thereunder
    and, (d) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under
    subclause (b) thereunder, provided that such Liens are not secured by
    assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so
    acquired or leased.
     

  	5 	 

 

     
    “Purchase Agreement” means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as
    of October 7, 2016 among the Company and the original Holders, as
    amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with
    its terms.
     
    “Share Delivery Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
    4(c)(ii).
 
    “Successor Entity” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e).
     
    	Section 2.	Interest.
 
    a)  Payment of Interest in Cash. The Company shall pay interest to the
    Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal
    amount of this Debenture at the rate of 8% per annum, payable quarterly
    in arrears on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, beginning on
    July 1, 2017, and on each Periodic Redemption Date (as to that
    principal amount then being redeemed), and on each Conversion Date (as
    to that principal amount then being converted), and on each Optional
    Redemption Date (as to that principal amount then being redeemed) and
    on the Maturity Date (each such date, an “Interest Payment Date”) (if
    any Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the applicable
    payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day), in cash. For
    the avoidance of doubt, the interest payment due on July 1, 2017 shall
    consist of all interest accrued from the Original Issue Date of this
    Debenture through July 1, 2017.
 
    b)  Interest Calculations. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of
    a 360-day year, consisting of twelve thirty (30) calendar day periods,
    and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until
    payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued
    and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may
    become due hereunder, has been made. Interest shall cease to accrue
    with respect to any principal amount converted, provided that the
    Company actually delivers the Conversion Shares within the time period
    required by Section 4(c)(ii) herein. Interest hereunder will be paid to
    the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of
    the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Debenture (the
    “Debenture Register”).
     

  	6 	 

 

     
    c)  Late Fee. All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid
    hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the
    lesser of fifteen percent (15%) per annum or the Maximum Rate (the “
    Late Fees”), which shall accrue daily from the date such interest is
    due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full.
 
    d)  Prepayment. Except as otherwise set forth in this Debenture, the
    Company may not prepay any portion of the principal amount of this
    Debenture without the prior written consent of the Holder.
 
Section 3.	Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.
     
    a)  Different Denominations. This Debenture is exchangeable for an
    equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized
    denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No
    service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or
    exchange.
     
    b)  Investment Representations. This Debenture has been issued subject
    to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth
    in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in
    compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state
    securities laws and regulations.
 
    c)  Reliance on Debenture Register. Prior to due presentment for
    transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent of
    the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly
    registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof for the
    purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other
    purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and neither the
    Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
 
Section 4.	Conversion.
     
    a)  Voluntary Conversion. At any time after the Original Issue Date
    until this Debenture is no longer outstanding, this Debenture shall be
    convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the
    option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the
    conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof). The Holder
    shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of
    Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a “
    Notice of Conversion”), specifying therein the principal amount of this
    Debenture to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall
    be effected (such date, the “Conversion Date”). If no Conversion Date
    is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be
    the date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder.
    No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any
    medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any
    Notice of Conversion form be required. To effect conversions hereunder,
    the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Debenture
    to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Debenture,
    plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has been so converted in
    which case the Holder shall surrender this Debenture as promptly as is
    reasonably practicable after such conversion without delaying the
    Company’s obligation to deliver the shares on the Share Delivery Date.
    Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
    principal amount of this Debenture in an amount equal to the applicable
    conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
    the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s).
    The Company may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion within
    one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the
    event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be
    controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The
    Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge
    and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this Section 4(a),
    following conversion of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and
    unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may be less than the
    amount stated on the face hereof.
     

  	7 	 

 

     
    b)  Conversion Price. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion
    Date shall be equal to $0.50, subject to adjustment herein (the “
    Conversion Price”).
 
    c)   Mechanics of Conversion.
 
       i.  Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount.
       The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder
       shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the
       outstanding principal amount of this Debenture to be converted by
       (y) the Conversion Price.
        
       ii.  Delivery of Certificate Upon Conversion. Not later than three
       (3) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the “Share Delivery
       Date”), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the
       Holder (A) a certificate or certificates representing the Conversion
       Shares which, on or after the six (6) month anniversary of the
       Original Issue Date, subject to applicable law, shall be free of
       restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which
       may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the
       number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of
       this Debenture, (B) a legal opinion of Company counsel as may be
       requested by the Holder to enable Holder to deposit the Conversion
       Share certificates in accounts with its prime broker (or other
       brokerage account), together with the instruction letter to the
       Transfer Agent and the resolution of the Board of Directors
       authorizing the Transaction Documents and any additional supporting
       documentation requested by the Holder (including, without
       limitation, any instruction letter to the Company’s transfer agent),
       and (C) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid interest.
       On or after the six (6) month anniversary of the Original Issue
       Date, subject to applicable law, the Company shall deliver any
       certificate or certificates required to be delivered by the Company
       under this Section 4(c) electronically through the Depository Trust
       Company or another established clearing corporation performing
       similar functions.
        

  	8 	 

 

        
       iii.  Failure to Deliver Certificates. If, in the case of any Notice
       of Conversion, such certificate or certificates and the related
       legal opinion of Company counsel, the instruction letter to the
       Transfer Agent and the resolution of the Board of Directors
       authorizing the Transaction Documents are not delivered to or as
       directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the
       Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company
       at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or
       certificates to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company
       shall promptly return to the Holder any original Debenture delivered
       to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company
       the Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the
       rescinded Conversion Notice.
        
       iv.  Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Company’s
       obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon
       conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof are
       absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction
       by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with
       respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment
       against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff,
       counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach
       or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any
       obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of
       law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other
       circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the
       Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such
       Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not
       operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company
       may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this
       Debenture shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding
       principal amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based
       on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with
       the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or
       for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice
       to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of
       this Debenture shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company
       posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of
       one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the outstanding principal amount
       of this Debenture, which is subject to the injunction, which bond
       shall remain in effect until the completion of
       arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of
       which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains
       judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Company shall issue
       Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed
       conversion. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the
       Holder such certificate or certificates and the related legal
       opinion of Company counsel, the instruction letter to the Transfer
       Agent and the resolution of the Board of Directors authorizing the
       Transaction Documents and other supporting documentation pursuant to
       Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay
       to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty,
       for each $1,000 of principal amount being converted, $10 per Trading
       Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading
       Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading
       Day after such Share Delivery Date until such certificates and the
       related legal opinion of Company counsel, the instruction letter to
       the Transfer Agent, the resolution of the Board of Directors
       authorizing the Transaction Documents and other supporting
       documentation are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion.
       Nothing herein shall limit a Holder’s right to pursue actual damages
       or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8 hereof for the
       Company’s failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period
       specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all
       remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including,
       without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
       injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not
       prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any
       other Section hereof or under applicable law.
        

  	9 	 

 

        
       v.  Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver
       Certificates Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights
       available to the Holder, if the Company fails for any reason to
       deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share
       Delivery Date pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii), and if after such Share
       Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to
       purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the
       Holder’s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
       to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion
       Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion
       relating to such Share Delivery Date (a “Buy-In”), then the Company
       shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other
       remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any,
       by which (x) the Holder’s total purchase price (including brokerage
       commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the Common
       Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate
       number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to
       receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual
       sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase
       obligation was executed (including brokerage commissions and other
       out-of-pocket expenses, if any) and (B) at the option of the Holder,
       either reissue (if surrendered) this Debenture in a principal amount
       equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which
       case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the
       Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
       issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery
       requirements under Section 4(c)(ii). For example, if the Holder
       purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to
       cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this
       Debenture with respect to which the actual sale price of the
       Conversion Shares (including brokerage commissions and other
       out-of-pocket expenses, if any) giving rise to such purchase
       obligation was a total of $10,000, then under clause (A) of the
       immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay
       the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written
       notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of
       the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount
       of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder’s right to pursue
       any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity,
       including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
       and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company’s failure to
       timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon
       conversion of this Debenture as required pursuant to the terms
       hereof.
        

  	10 	 

 

        
       vi.  Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company
       covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out
       of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole
       purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Debenture and payment of
       interest on this Debenture, each as herein provided, free from
       preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of
       Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the
       Debentures), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the
       Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth
       in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the
       adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion of
       the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture and payment
       of interest hereunder. The Company covenants that all shares of
       Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly
       authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
        
       vii.  Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing
       fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this
       Debenture. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would
       otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company
       shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of
       such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
       by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.
        
       viii.  Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of certificates for
       shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Debenture shall be
       made without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp
       or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or
       delivery of such certificates; provided that, the Company shall not
       be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any
       transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such
       certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder
       of this Debenture and the Company shall not be required to issue or
       deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons
       requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the
       amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of
       the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all
       Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice
       of Conversion and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or
       another established clearing corporation performing similar
       functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the
       Conversion Shares.
 

  	11 	 

 

 
    d)  Holder’s Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any
    conversion of this Debenture, and a Holder shall not have the right to
    convert any portion of this Debenture, to the extent that after giving
    effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of
    Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder’s Affiliates, and any
    Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
    Holder’s Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
    Ownership Limitation (as defined below).  For purposes of the foregoing
    sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by
    the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of
    Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture with respect to
    which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of
    shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the
    remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Debenture beneficially
    owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or
    conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
    securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or
    exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including,
    without limitation, any other Debentures or the Warrants) beneficially
    owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates.  Except as set forth in
    the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial
    ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
    Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To
    the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 4(d) applies,
    the determination of whether this Debenture is convertible (in relation
    to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates)
    and of which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible shall be
    in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of
    Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holder’s determination of whether
    this Debenture may be converted (in relation to other securities owned
    by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and which principal amount
    of this Debenture is convertible, in each case subject to the
    Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this
    restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each
    time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion
    has not violated the restrictions set forth in this Section 4(d) and
    the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
    of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group
    status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
    Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
    promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 4(d), in
    determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the
    Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as
    stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Company’s most
    recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission or OTC
    Disclosure & News Service, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent
    public announcement by the Company, or (iii) a more recent written
    notice by the Company or the Company’s transfer agent setting forth the
    number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.  Upon the written or oral
    request of a Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days
    confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of
    Common Stock then outstanding.  In any case, the number of outstanding
    shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
    conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this
    Debenture, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which
    such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The “
    Beneficial Ownership Limitation” shall be 4.99% of the number of shares
    of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
    issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this
    Debenture held by the Holder. The Holder, upon not less than sixty-one
    (61) days’ prior written notice to the Company, may increase or
    decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section
    4(d); provided, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event
    shall exceed 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock
    outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
    of Common Stock upon conversion of this Debenture and the provisions of
    this Section 4(d) shall continue to apply with respect to such
    increased or decreased Beneficial Ownership Limitation, as the case may
    be. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the
    sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
    The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d)
    shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
    conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to correct this
    paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or
    inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation
    contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or
    desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
    contained in this Section 4(d) shall apply to a successor holder of
    this Debenture.
        

  	12 	 

 

        
    Section 5.	Certain Adjustments.
     
    a)  Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while
    this Debenture is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
    makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock
    on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which, for
    avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued
    by the Company upon conversion of, or payment of interest on, the
    Debentures), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
    larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse
    stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
    of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares
    of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then
    the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
    numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any
    treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such
    event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of
    Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment
    made pursuant to this Section 5(a) shall become effective immediately
    after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to
    receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
    immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
    combination or reclassification.
     

  	13 	 

 

     
    b)  Certain Adjustments.
        
       i.  Subsequent Equity Sales.  If, at any time while this Debenture
       is outstanding,  the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells
       or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to
       reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale,
       grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common
       Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire
       shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower
       than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the “Base
       Conversion Price” and such issuances, collectively, a “Dilutive
       Issuance”) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
       Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of
       purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion,
       exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants,
       options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such
       issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an
       effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price,
       such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the
       Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the
       Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Conversion
       Price.  Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or
       Common Stock Equivalents are issued.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
       no adjustment will be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an
       Exempt Issuance and in no event shall the Conversion Price be
       reduced to less than $0.01 pursuant to this Section 5(b).  If the
       Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, despite the
       prohibition set forth in the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall
       be deemed to have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at
       the lowest possible conversion price at which such securities may be
       converted or exercised. The Company shall notify the Holder in
       writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any
       Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section
       5(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or
       applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other
       pricing terms (such notice, the “Dilutive Issuance Notice”).  For
       purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a
       Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(b), upon the
       occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to
       receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion
       Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of
       whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in
       the Notice of Conversion.
            
       ii.  Revenue Adjustment. In the event the revenue reported in either
       the Company’s audited financial statements filed with the Commission
       or Annual Report made available through the OTC Disclosure & News
       Service, as applicable, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016,
       filed by March 31, 2017, is less than $20,000,000, then the
       Conversion Price will be reduced by a percentage equal to the
       percentage by which such reported revenue is less than $20,000,000.
       For example, if the Company reports revenue of $16,000,000 for
       fiscal year 2016, then the Conversion Price then in effect will be
       reduced by twenty percent (20%).
            

  	14 	 

 

            
    c)  Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments
    pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
    issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase
    stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
    holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the “Purchase Rights
    ”), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
    applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which
    the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of
    shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this
    Debenture (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
    including, without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
    immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
    issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is
    taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
    Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such
    Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder’s
    right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the
    Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
    shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such
    extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a
    result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right
    to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such
    time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
    exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).
     
    d)  Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Debenture is
    outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
    distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
    of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
    (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or
    other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
    reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or
    other similar transaction) (a “Distribution”), at any time after the
    issuance of this Debenture, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
    be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that
    the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the
    number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of
    this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof,
    including, without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
    immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such
    Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
    record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the
    participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent
    that the Holder’s right to participate in any such Distribution would
    result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
    then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
    Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any
    shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent)
    and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
    benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
    would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
    Limitation).
     

  	15 	 

 

     
    e)  Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Debenture is
    outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
    related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company
    with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
    effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or
    other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a
    series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase
    offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or
    another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
    are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
    securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
    50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly
    or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
    reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common
    Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common
    Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
    cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
    more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase
    agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
    a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
    with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of
    the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of
    Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party
    to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party
    to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business
    combination) (each a “Fundamental Transaction”), then, upon any
    subsequent conversion of this Debenture, the Holder shall have the
    right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been
    issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of
    such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in
    Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Debenture), the number of shares
    of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the
    Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
    consideration (the “Alternate Consideration”) receivable as a result of
    such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of
    Common Stock for which this Debenture is convertible immediately prior
    to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in
    Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Debenture). For purposes of any
    such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be
    appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based
    on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1)
    share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company
    shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration
    in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different
    components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock
    are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be
    received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given
    the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any
    conversion of this Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction.
    The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
    Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the “Successor
    Entity”) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company
    under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in
    the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this
    Section 5(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
    reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
    (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
    shall, at the option of the Holder of this Debenture, deliver to the
    Holder in exchange for this Debenture a security of the Successor
    Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form
    and substance to this Debenture which is convertible for a
    corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
    Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock
    acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Debenture (without
    regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Debenture) prior to
    such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies
    the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but
    taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
    pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares
    of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
    conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value
    of this Debenture immediately prior to the consummation of such
    Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form
    and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such
    Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be
    substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental
    Transaction, the provisions of this Debenture and the other Transaction
    Documents referring to the “Company” shall refer instead to the
    Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the
    Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under
    this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect
    as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.
     

  	16 	 

 

     
    f)  Calculations. All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made
    to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may
    be. For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common
    Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
    the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury
    shares of the Company) issued and outstanding.
     
    g)  Notice to the Holder.
 
       i.  Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is
       adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company
       shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the
       Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief
       statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.
        
       ii.  Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Company shall
       declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
       the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special
       nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock,
       (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the
       Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any
       shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the
       approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in
       connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any
       consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or
       transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,
       or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is
       converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company
       shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
       liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in
       each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or
       agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Debenture,
       and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as
       it shall appear upon the Debenture Register, at least ten (10)
       Trading Days prior to the applicable record or effective date
       hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a
       record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
       distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not
       to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of
       record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
       rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which
       such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, share
       exchange, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected to
       become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
       that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
       exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or
       other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
       consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, share exchange, dissolution,
       liquidation or winding up, provided that the failure to deliver such
       notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not
       affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
       in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
       constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
       the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall
       simultaneously (i) if prior to the Public Company Date, issue a
       press release disclosing the material, non-public information
       contained in such notice, or (ii) if after the Public Company Date,
       file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on
       Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Debenture
       during the ten (10) Trading Day period commencing on the date of
       such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such
       notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.
        

  	17 	 

 

        
    Section 6.	Optional Redemption and Periodic Redemption.
 
    a)  Optional Redemption at Election of Company. Subject to the
    provisions of this Section 6(a), at any time after the six (6) month
    anniversary of the Original Issue Date, the Company may deliver a
    notice to the Holder (an “Optional Redemption Notice” and the date such
    notice is deemed delivered hereunder, the “Optional Redemption Notice
    Date”) of its irrevocable election to redeem some or all of the then
    outstanding principal amount of this Debenture for cash in an amount
    equal to the Optional Redemption Amount on the tenth (10th) Trading Day
    following the Optional Redemption Notice Date (such date, the “
    Optional Redemption Date”, such ten (10) Trading Day period, the “
    Optional Redemption Period” and such redemption, the “Optional
    Redemption”). The Optional Redemption Amount is payable in full on the
    Optional Redemption Date. The Company covenants and agrees that it will
    honor all Notices of Conversion tendered within five (5) Business Days
    of the date of delivery of the Optional Redemption Notice. The
    Company’s determination to pay an Optional Redemption in cash shall be
    applied ratably to all of the holders of the then outstanding
    Debentures based on their (or their predecessor’s) initial purchases of
    Debentures pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
     
    b)  Periodic Redemptions.
     
       i. Mandatory Periodic Redemption. On each Periodic Redemption Date,
       the Company shall redeem the Periodic Redemption Amount (the “
       Periodic Redemption”). The Periodic Redemption Amount payable on
       each Periodic Redemption Date shall be paid in cash; provided, 
       however, as to any Periodic Redemption and upon 20 Trading Days’
       prior written irrevocable notice (the “Periodic Redemption Notice
       ”), in lieu of a cash redemption payment the Company may elect to
       pay all or part of a Periodic Redemption Amount in Conversion Shares
       based on a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) the then
       Conversion Price or (ii) 90% of the average of the VWAPs for the 20
       consecutive Trading Days ending on the Trading Day that is
       immediately prior to the applicable Periodic Redemption Date
       (subject to adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock
       combination or other similar event affecting the Common Stock during
       such 20 Trading Day period) provided, however, in the case of this
       clause (ii) the conversion price shall be equal to at least a $.01
       discount to the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately prior to the
       applicable Periodic Redemption Date (the lowest of (i) or (ii), the
       “Periodic Conversion Price” and such 20 Trading Day period, the “
       Periodic Conversion Period”); provided, further, that the Company
       may not pay the Periodic Redemption Amount in Conversion Shares
       unless from the date the Holder receives the duly delivered Periodic
       Redemption Notice through and until the date such Periodic
       Redemption is paid in full, the Equity Conditions have been
       satisfied, unless waived in writing by the Holder. The Company’s
       determination to pay a Periodic Redemption in cash, shares of Common
       Stock or a combination thereof shall be applied ratably to all of
       the holders of the then outstanding Debentures based on their (or
       their predecessor’s) initial purchases of Debentures pursuant to the
       Purchase Agreement. The Holder may convert, pursuant to Section
       4(a), any principal amount of this Debenture subject to a Periodic
       Redemption at any time prior to the date that the Periodic
       Redemption Amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated
       damages and any other amounts then owing to the Holder are due and
       paid in full. Unless otherwise indicated by the Holder in the
       applicable Notice of Conversion, any principal amount of this
       Debenture converted during the period beginning on the delivery date
       of the applicable Periodic Redemption Notice until the date on which
       the Periodic Redemption Amount is paid in full shall be first
       applied to the principal amount subject to the Periodic Redemption
       Amount. Any principal amount of this Debenture converted during the
       during the period beginning on the delivery date of the applicable
       Periodic Redemption Notice until the date on which the Periodic
       Redemption Amount is paid in full in excess of the Periodic
       Redemption Amount shall be applied against the last principal amount
       of this Debenture scheduled to be redeemed hereunder, in reverse
       time order from the Maturity Date. The Company covenants and agrees
       that it will honor all Notices of Conversion tendered up until such
       amounts are paid in full.
            

  	18 	 

 

            
        ii.  Additional Shares Issuable for certain Quarterly
        Redemption(s).  In addition to the amounts and shares issuable
        pursuant to Section 6(b)(i) above, in the event that (x) Company
        elects or is required to pay the Periodic Redemption Amount in cash
        (y) the average of the VWAPs for the 20 consecutive Trading Days
        ending on the Trading Day that is immediately prior to the
        applicable Periodic Redemption Date (the “Average Market Price”) is
        greater than the then effective Conversion Price and (z) the Equity
        Conditions have not been satisfied during the Periodic Conversion
        Period, then on the applicable Periodic Redemption Date, the
        Company will deliver to the Holder a number of shares (the “
        Additional Redemption Shares”) derived from the following formula: 
        A/B, where A equals the Average Market Price minus the then
        effective Conversion Price multiplied by the applicable Periodic
        Redemption Amount divided by the then effective Conversion Price
        and B equals the then effective Conversion Price.  By way of an
        example, if the Quarterly Redemption Amount is $100, the Average
        Market Price is $1.00 and the then effective Conversion Price is
        $0.50, then, in addition to the amounts issued pursuant to Section
        6(b)(i), the Company would issue the Holder 200 shares of Common
        Stock.  In implementation of the foregoing, to the extent that an
        issuance of Additional Redemption Shares pursuant to this Section
        6(b)(ii) would result in a Holder exceeding the Beneficial
        Ownership Limitation, then the Company shall initially issue only
        such number of shares up to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
        with the remaining Additional Redemption Shares only being issued
        from time to time on the Trading Day that the Holder makes a
        representation to the Company that such issuance would not exceed
        the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
     
    c)  Redemption Procedure. The payment of cash pursuant to an Optional
    Redemption or a Periodic Redemption shall be payable on the Optional
    Redemption Date or the Periodic Redemption Date, respectively. If any
    portion of the payment pursuant to an Optional Redemption or Periodic
    Redemption shall not be paid by the Company by the applicable due date,
    interest shall accrue thereon at an interest rate equal to the lesser
    of fifteen percent (15%) per annum or the Maximum Rate until such
    amount is paid in full. Notwithstanding anything herein contained to
    the contrary, if any portion of the Optional Redemption Amount or
    Periodic Redemption Amount remains unpaid after such date, the Holder
    may elect, by written notice to the Company given at any time
    thereafter, to invalidate such Optional Redemption or Periodic
    Redemption, ab initio, and, with respect to the Company’s failure to
    honor the Optional Redemption, the Company shall have no further right
    to exercise such Optional Redemption. The Holder may elect to convert
    the outstanding principal amount of the Debenture pursuant to Section 4
    prior to actual payment in cash for any redemption under this Section 6
    by the delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Company.
 

  	19 	 

 

 
Section 7.	Negative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture 
remains outstanding, unless the holders of at least sixty-seven percent 
(67%) in principal amount of the then outstanding Debentures shall have 
otherwise given prior written consent, the Company shall not, and shall not 
permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:
 
    a)  other than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur,
    assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any Indebtedness for borrowed
    money of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or
    with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter
    acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;
     
    b)  other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or
    suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its
    property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest
    therein or any income or profits therefrom;
     
    c)  amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its
    certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially
    and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;
     
    d)  repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise
    acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its Common Stock or
    Common Stock Equivalents other than as to the Conversion Shares,
    Additional Redemption Shares, or Warrant Shares as permitted or
    required under the Transaction Documents;
 
    e)  repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise
    acquire any Indebtedness, other than the Debentures if on a pro rata
    basis;
 
    f)   pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of
    the Company;
 
    g)  enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company which
    would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the
    Commission or made available through the OTC Disclosure & News Service,
    as applicable, unless such transaction is made on an arm’s-length basis
    and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of
    the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board
    approval); or
 
    h)  enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.
     

  	20 	 

 

     
	Section 8.	Events of Default.
     
    a)  “Event of Default” means, wherever used herein, any of the
    following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such
    event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law
    or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any
    order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):
     
       i.  any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any
       Debenture, including, without limitation, in connection with a
       Periodic Redemption, or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other
       amounts owing to a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same
       shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date, Periodic
       Redemption Date or the Maturity Date or by acceleration or
       otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment
       or other default under clause (B) above, is not cured within three
       (3) Trading Days;
        
       ii.  the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant
       or agreement contained in the Debentures or the Purchase Agreement
       (other than a breach by the Company of its obligations to deliver
       shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach
       is addressed in clause (x) below) which failure is not cured, if
       possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) five (5)
       Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by
       any other Holder to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after
       the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure;
 
       iii.  a default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure
       period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument)
       shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any
       other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the
       Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause
       (vi) below);
        
       iv.  any representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any
       other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto
       or thereto or any other report, financial statement or certificate
       made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue
       or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or
       deemed made;
 
       v.  the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is
       defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a
       Bankruptcy Event;
        
       vi.  the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its
       obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility,
       indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under
       which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or
       evidenced, any Indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under
       any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an
       obligation greater than $15,000, whether such Indebtedness now
       exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such
       Indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the
       date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;
        

  	21 	 

 

        
       vii.  the Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or
       quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible
       to resume listing or quotation for trading thereon within five (5)
       Trading Days;
        
       viii.  the Company shall be a party to any Change of Control
       Transaction or Fundamental Transaction or shall agree to sell or
       dispose of all or in excess of forty percent (40%) of its assets in
       one (1) transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or
       not such sale would constitute a Change of Control Transaction);
        
       ix.  the Company does not meet the current public information
       requirements under Rule 144 with respect to the Securities;
        
       x.  the Company shall fail for any reason to deliver certificates to
       a Holder prior to the fifth (5th) Trading Day after a Conversion
       Date pursuant to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any
       time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement,
       of the Company’s intention to not honor requests for conversions of
       any Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof;
        
       xi.  the electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common
       Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established
       clearing corporation is no longer available or is subject to a
       “chill”;
     
       xii.  any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be
       entered or filed against the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
       respective property or other assets for more than $50,000, and such
       judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated,
       unbonded or unstayed for a period of forty-five (45) calendar days;
       or
            
       xiii.  a false or inaccurate certification (including a false or
       inaccurate deemed certification) by the Company as to whether any
       Event of Default has occurred.
     
    b)  Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs, the
    outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus accrued but unpaid
    interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof
    through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holder’s
    election, immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default
    Amount. Commencing five (5) days after the occurrence of any Event of
    Default that results in the eventual acceleration of this Debenture,
    the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at an interest rate
    equal to the lesser of fifteen percent (15%) per annum or the Maximum
    Rate. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default Amount, the
    Holder shall promptly surrender this Debenture to or as directed by the
    Company. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the
    Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any
    presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the
    Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period
    enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other
    remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be
    rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder
    and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until
    such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this
    Section 8(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any
    subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.
 

  	22 	 

 

 
    Section 9.	Miscellaneous.
     
    a)  Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
    to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation,
    any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally,
    by facsimile, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized
    overnight courier service, addressed to the Company at the address set
    forth above (or such other address as the Company may specify for such
    purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this
    Section 9(a)), its facsimile number or its email address, as
    applicable.  Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
    to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and
    delivered personally, by facsimile, by email attachment, or sent by a
    nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each
    Holder at such Holder’s address appearing on the books of the Company
    (or such other address as the Holder may specify for such purposes by
    notice to the Company delivered in accordance with this Section 9(a)),
    such Holder’s facsimile number or email address, as applicable.  Any
    notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed
    given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if
    such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
    facsimile number or email attachment to the email address set forth on
    the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
    time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of
    transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
    facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment to the email
    address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that
    is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on
    any Trading Day, (iii) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date
    of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier
    service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice
    is required to be given.
     
    b)  Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no
    provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
    Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of,
    liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this
    Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency,
    herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt obligation of the
    Company. This Debenture ranks pari passu with all other Debentures now
    or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.	
     

  	23 	 

 

     
    c)  Lost or Mutilated Debenture. If this Debenture shall be mutilated,
    lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in
    exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated
    Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or
    destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this
    Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon
    receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such
    Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the
    Company.
 
    d)  Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity,
    enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be governed by
    and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the
    State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws
    thereof. Each party agrees that all Actions or Proceedings concerning
    the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions
    contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought
    against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors,
    officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the
    state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of
    Manhattan (the “New York Courts”). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably
    submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the
    adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
    any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with
    respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and
    hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or
    Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
    jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are
    improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby
    irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process
    being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
    via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
    of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it
    under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good
    and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
    herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
    in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto
    hereby irrevocably waives, to the Action or Proceeding arising out of
    or relating to this Debenture or the transactions contemplated hereby.
    If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any
    provisions of this Debenture, then the prevailing party in such Action
    or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys’
    fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation,
    preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.
     
    e)  Waiver. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any
    provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to be
    a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any
    other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company or the
    Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on
    one (1) or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive
    that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to
    that term or any other term of this Debenture on any other occasion.
    Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing.
     
    f)  Severability. If any provision of this Debenture is invalid,
    illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in
    effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or
    circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other
    Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or
    other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law
    governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall
    automatically be lowered to equal the Maximum Rate. The Company
    covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not
    at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or
    take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or
    other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all
    or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Debenture as
    contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
    force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this
    Debenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby
    expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and
    covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or
    impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but
    will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such
    law has been enacted.
     
    g)  Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and
    Injunctive Relief.  The remedies provided in this Debenture shall be
    cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this
    Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in
    equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other
    injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holder’s right
    to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the
    Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture.  The Company
    covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization
    concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein.
    Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments,
    conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the
    amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly
    provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or
    the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it
    of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder
    and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The
    Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or
    threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all
    other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach
    or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing
    economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.
    The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the
    Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm
    the Company’s compliance with the terms and conditions of this
    Debenture.
        

  	24 	 

 

        
    h)  Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation
    hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
    shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.
 
    i)  Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only,
    do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be deemed to
    limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.
 
    j)  Secured Obligation. The obligations of the Company under this
    Debenture are secured by all assets of the Company and each Subsidiary
    pursuant to the Security Agreement.
        
    k)  Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice
    in accordance with the terms of this Debenture, unless the Company has
    in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do
    not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company
    or its Subsidiaries, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day (i)
    if prior to the Public Company Date, issue a press release disclosing
    the material, non-public information contained in such notice, or (ii)
    if after the Public Company Date, file such notice with the Commission
    pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In the event that the Company
    believes that a notice contains material, non-public information
    relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall
    indicate to the Holder contemporaneously with delivery of such notice,
    and in the absence of any such indication, the Holder shall be allowed
    to presume that all matters relating to such notice do not constitute
    material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its
    Subsidiaries.
 
*********************
 
 
(Signature Pages Follow)
 

  	25 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly 
executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.
 
  	ABT HOLDINGS, INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	 	Name:                     
  	 	Title: 
  	  	 
  	Facsimile Number:                                                   
  	Email Address: shahan@abtholdings.com
 

 

 

 
ANNEX A
 
NOTICE OF CONVERSION
 
The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the 8% Senior 
Secured Convertible Debenture due October 1, 2018 of ABT Holdings, Inc., an 
Idaho corporation (the “Company”), into shares of common stock (the “
Common Stock”), of the Company according to the conditions hereof, as of 
the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the 
name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all 
transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such 
certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in 
accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to the holder for any 
conversion, except for such transfer taxes, if any.
 
By the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents and 
warrants to the Company that its ownership of the Common Stock does not 
exceed the amounts specified under Section 4 of this Debenture, as 
determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.
 
The undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements 
under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the 
aforesaid shares of Common Stock.
 
Conversion calculations: $5,800,000 divided by $0.50 (Conversion or Strike 
Price)	
 
Date to Effect Conversion:
 
Principal Amount of Debenture to be Converted: $5,800,000
                   
Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 11,600,000
 
Signature: 	  	 
  	  	 
Name: SHAHAN OHANESSIAN 	 
 
Address for Delivery of Common Stock Certificates:
 
Or
 
DWAC Instructions:
 
	Broker No:	                                              
Account No:	                                           
 

 

 

 
Schedule 1
 
CONVERSION SCHEDULE
 
The 8% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures due on October 1, 2018 in the 
aggregate principal amount of $5,800,000 are issued by ABT Holdings, Inc., 
an Idaho corporation. This Conversion Schedule reflects conversions made 
under Section 4 of the above referenced Debenture.
 
          Dated:
 
Date of Conversion
(or for first entry,
Original Issue Date) 	  	Amount of
Conversion 	  	Aggregate
Principal
Amount
Remaining
Subsequent to
Conversion
(or original
Principal Amount) 	  	Company Attest
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
 
 
 