 EX-10.3 5 d101223dex103.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3

EMPLOYEE SECONDMENT AGREEMENT

This Employee Secondment Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of          
           , 2017 (the Effective Date), is entered into by and among 
HESS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Hess Corp.), HESS TRADING 
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (HTC, and together with Hess Corp., 
Hess), HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the 
MLP GP LP), and HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (the Company, and together with the MLP GP LP, the 
General Partner). Hess and the General Partner are sometimes referred to 
herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.


RECITALS:

WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption 
Agreement dated as of the date hereof (the Contribution Agreement), 
certain Affiliates of Hess have, directly and indirectly, contributed the 
Assets (as such term is defined in the Contribution Agreement) (the 
Assets) to Hess Midstream Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the 
Partnership);

WHEREAS, the Company is the sole general partner of the MLP GP LP, and the 
MLP GP LP is the sole general partner of the Partnership;

WHEREAS, the Public Company Group (as hereinafter defined) is engaged in 
the business of owning and operating natural gas processing and crude oil, 
natural gas and natural gas liquids transportation and logistics assets, 
including pipelines, terminals and rail cars; and

WHEREAS, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the 
Contribution Agreement, Hess desires to second to the Company, in its 
capacity as the general partner of the MLP GP LP, in its capacity as the 
general partner of the Partnership, respectively, certain personnel 
employed or contracted by Hess to perform certain functions for the Public 
Company Group in connection with the Assets and any other assets held from 
and after the Effective Date by any member of the Public Company Group.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants 
and agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Hess and the 
General Partner hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, (a) the terms defined in this 
Agreement will have the meanings so specified, and (b) capitalized terms 
not defined in this Agreement will have the meanings ascribed to those 
terms on Exhibit A to this Agreement.

1.2 Interpretation. In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary intention 
appears: (a) the singular includes the plural and vice versa; (b) reference 
to any Person includes such

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Persons successors and assigns but, in the case of a Party, only if such 
successors and assigns are permitted by this Agreement, and reference to a 
Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in any other capacity; 
(c) reference to any gender includes each other gender; (d) reference to 
any agreement (including this Agreement), document or instrument means such 
agreement, document, or instrument as amended or modified and in effect 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable, 
the terms of this Agreement; (e) reference to any Article, Section, 
Exhibit, Schedule, subsection and other division means such Article, 
Section, subsection or other division of, and Exhibit and Schedule to, this 
Agreement, and references in any Section or definition to any clause means 
such clause of such Section or definition, unless, in each case, the 
context requires otherwise; (f) hereunder, hereof, hereto and words 
of similar import will be deemed references to this Agreement as a whole 
and not to any particular Section or other provision hereof or thereof; (g) 
including (and with correlative meaning include) means including 
without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term; and 
(h) relative to the determination of any period of time, from means from 
and including, to means to but excluding and through means through 
and including.

1.3 Legal Representation of Parties. This Agreement was negotiated by the 
Parties with the benefit of legal representation, and any rule of 
construction or interpretation requiring this Agreement to be construed or 
interpreted against any Party merely because such Party drafted all or a 
part of such Agreement will not apply to any construction or interpretation 
hereof or thereof.

1.4 Titles and Headings. Section titles and headings in this Agreement are 
inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a 
part of, or to affect the meaning or interpretation of, this Agreement.


ARTICLE 2
SECONDMENT

2.1 Seconded Employees. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Hess agrees 
to second the Seconded Employees to the General Partner, and the General 
Partner agrees to accept the Secondment of the Seconded Employees for the 
purpose of performing job functions related to the Assets and any other 
assets held from and after the Effective Date by any member of the Public 
Company Group, including those job functions set forth on Exhibit B (the 
Employee Functions). The Seconded Employees will remain at all times the 
employees of Hess, and will also be co-employees of the General Partner 
during the Period of Secondment. The Seconded Employees shall, at all times 
during the Period of Secondment while performing any Employee Function 
hereunder, work under the direction, supervision and control of the General 
Partner or the applicable member of the Public Company Group. Seconded 
Employees shall have no authority or apparent authority to act on behalf of 
Hess during the Period of Secondment. Those rights and obligations of the 
Parties under this Agreement that relate to individuals that were Seconded 
Employees but then later ceased to be Seconded Employees, which rights and 
obligations accrued during the Period of Secondment, will survive the 
removal of such individual from the group of Seconded Employees to the 
extent necessary to enforce such rights and obligations.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.2 Period of Secondment. Hess will second the Seconded Employees to the 
General Partner starting on the Effective Date and continuing, during the 
period (and only during the period) that the Seconded Employees are 
performing functions for the General Partner, until the earliest of:

(a) the end of the term of this Agreement;

(b) such end date set forth for any Seconded Employees as may be mutually 
agreed in writing by the Parties (as applicable, the End Date);

(c) a withdrawal, departure, resignation or termination of such Seconded 
Employees under Section 2.3; and

(d) a termination of Secondment of such Seconded Employees under Section 
2.4.

The period of time that any Seconded Employee is provided by Hess to the 
General Partner is referred to in this Agreement as the Period of 
Secondment. At the end of the Period of Secondment for any Seconded 
Employee, such Seconded Employee will no longer be subject to the direction 
by the General Partner of the Seconded Employees day-to-day activities. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Parties acknowledge 
that the Seconded Employees may also perform functions for Hess in 
connection with its own operations and that the Parties intend that the 
Seconded Employees shall be seconded to the General Partner only during 
those times that the Seconded Employees are performing functions for the 
General Partner hereunder.

2.3 Withdrawal, Departure or Resignation.

(a) Hess will use reasonable efforts to prevent any early withdrawal, 
departure or resignation of any Seconded Employee prior to the End Date for 
such Seconded Employees Period of Secondment. If any Seconded Employee 
tenders his or her resignation to Hess as an employee of Hess, Hess will 
promptly notify the General Partner. During the Period of Secondment of any 
Seconded Employee, Hess will not voluntarily withdraw or terminate any 
Seconded Employee except with the written consent of the General Partner, 
such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. Upon the termination of its 
employment with Hess, a Seconded Employee will cease performing services 
for the General Partner or the applicable member of the Public Company 
Group.

(b) Hess will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the General Partner, the 
other members of the Public Company Group and their respective directors, 
officers and employees against all Losses arising out of or in any way 
connected with or related to the termination of employment of a Seconded 
Employee by Hess without the prior written consent of the General Partner, 
EVEN THOUGH SUCH LOSS MAY BE CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF ONE OR MORE 
MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC COMPANY GROUP, except to the extent that such Losses 
arise out of or result from the sole negligence, gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of any member of the Public Company Group.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.4 Termination of Secondment. The General Partner will have the right to 
terminate the Secondment of any Seconded Employee for any reason at any 
time. Upon the termination of the Secondment of any Seconded Employee, such 
Seconded Employee will cease performing services for the General Partner or 
the applicable member of the Public Company Group.

(a) Upon the termination by Hess of any Seconded Employees Period of 
Secondment without the prior written consent of the General Partner, Hess 
will be solely liable for any costs or expenses associated with the 
termination of such Seconded Employees Secondment, except as otherwise 
specifically set forth in this Agreement. Hess will indemnify, defend and 
hold harmless the General Partner, the other members of the Public Company 
Group and their respective directors, officers and employees against all 
Losses arising out of or in any way connected with or related to the 
termination of the Secondment of a Seconded Employee by Hess without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, EVEN THOUGH SUCH LOSS MAY BE 
CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF ONE OR MORE MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC COMPANY 
GROUP, except to the extent that such Losses arise out of or result from 
the sole negligence, gross negligence or willful misconduct of any member 
of the Public Company Group.

2.5 Supervision.

(a) During the Period of Secondment, the General Partner will serve as the 
employer directly controlling the Seconded Employees providing Employee 
Functions and will retain the exclusive right, solely to the extent it 
relates to the Period of Secondment, to:

(i) be ultimately and fully responsible for the daily work assignments of 
the Seconded Employees during those times that the Seconded Employees are 
performing functions for the General Partner hereunder, including 
supervision of their the day-to-day work activities and ensuring that such 
Seconded Employees performance is consistent with the purposes stated in 
Section 2.1 and the job functions associated with the Employee Functions;

(ii) to handle any performance issues of Seconded Employees;

(iii) set the hours of work and the holidays and vacation schedules for 
Seconded Employees; and

(iv) have the right to determine training that will be received by the 
Seconded Employees.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hess shall be responsible for 
administering the payment of each Seconded Employees wages and benefits, 
all withholding obligations to federal, state and local tax and insurance 
authorities, and all other costs and expenses associated with Seconded 
Employees, including workers compensation expenses.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) In the course and scope of performing any Seconded Employee job 
functions, the Seconded Employees will be integrated into the organization 
of the General Partner, will report into the General Partners management 
structure, and will be under the direct management and supervision of the 
Company, in its capacity as the general partner of the MLP GP LP, in its 
capacity as the general partner of the Partnership, respectively.

2.6 Seconded Employee Qualifications; Approval. Hess will provide suitably 
qualified and experienced Seconded Employees to the General Partner for the 
performance of the Employee Functions that demonstrate a similar level of 
skill as those it employs to operate the assets of its Affiliates, and the 
General Partner will have the right to approve such Seconded Employees. All 
Seconded Employees identified as of the Effective Date have been approved 
and accepted by the General Partner as suitable for performing job 
functions related to the Employee Functions.

2.7 Workers Compensation Insurance. At all times, Hess will maintain 
workers compensation or similar insurance (either through an insurance 
company or self-insured arrangement) applicable to the Seconded Employees, 
as required by applicable state and federal workers compensation and 
similar laws.

2.8 Benefit Plans. Neither the General Partner nor any other member of the 
Public Company Group shall be deemed to be a participating employer in any 
Benefit Plan during the Period of Secondment. Subject to the General 
Partners reimbursement obligations hereunder, Hess shall remain solely 
responsible for all obligations and liabilities arising under the express 
terms of the Benefit Plans, and the Seconded Employees will be covered 
under the Benefit Plans subject to and in accordance with their respective 
terms and conditions, as may be amended from time to time. Hess and its 
ERISA Affiliates may amend or terminate any Benefit Plan in whole or in 
part at any time. During the Period of Secondment, neither the General 
Partner nor any other member of the Public Company Group shall assume any 
Benefit Plan or have any obligations, liabilities or rights arising under 
the express terms of the Benefit Plans, in each case except for cost 
reimbursement pursuant to this Agreement.


ARTICLE 3
SECONDMENT FEE

3.1 Secondment Fee.

(a) The General Partner shall, or shall cause another member of the Public 
Company Group to, pay on a monthly basis to Hess the fees described in this 
Section 3.1 (the Secondment Fee) . The Parties acknowledge and agree that 
the Secondment Fee is intended to cover and reimburse Hess for the total 
costs actually incurred by Hess and its Affiliates in connection with 
employing the Seconded Employees during the Period of Secondment (the 
Total Services Costs) to the extent such Total Services Costs are 
attributable to the provision of the Employee Functions. Hess shall 
determine in good faith the percentage of the Total Services Costs that are 
attributable to the provision of the Employee Functions by the Seconded 
Employees to the General Partner based on Hesss then-current corporate 
transfer pricing policies, as generally applied in a non-discriminatory 
manner or based on such other reasonable cost allocation methodology as 
Hess shall determine.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) For the avoidance of doubt, the Secondment Fee shall not include any 
costs associated with equity-based compensation granted by Hess or the 
General Partner to the Seconded Employees; provided, however, that to the 
extent the General Partner grants any awards under any incentive 
compensation plan of any member of the Public Company Group in effect from 
time to time, such awards shall be at the General Partners sole expense 
and the General Partner shall, or shall cause another member of the Public 
Company Group to, reimburse Hess for any expenses Hess may incur with 
respect to such awards.

(c) The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Secondment Fee may change 
from time to time, as determined by Hess in good faith, to accurately 
reflect the costs actually incurred by Hess and its Affiliates in 
connection with the provision of the Employee Functions by the Seconded 
Employees, including to reflect any change in the cost of employing the 
Seconded Employees. On or prior to January 1 of each calendar year during 
the term of this Agreement, Hess will provide the General Partner with an 
estimate of the Secondment Fee for the succeeding calendar year; however, 
Hess shall have no liability hereunder on account of any differences 
between such estimate and the actual Secondment Fee, as invoiced to the 
General Partner in accordance with Section 3.1(d).

(d) Within 20 days following the end of each month during the Period of 
Secondment, Hess shall send to the General Partner an invoice (in a form 
mutually agreed by the Parties) of the amounts due for such month setting 
forth the applicable portion of the Secondment Fee then payable and any 
amounts reimbursable under this Agreement. The General Partner shall, or 
shall cause the other members of the Public Company Group to, pay such 
invoice by the later of (i) 30 days of receipt and (ii) the last Business 
Day of the month in which the General Partner received such invoice, except 
for any amounts that are being disputed in good faith by the General 
Partner. If Hess determines that the amount reflected on any invoice 
previously sent to, and paid by, the General Partner (or another member of 
the Public Company Group, as applicable) did not accurately state the 
amounts owed by the General Partner (for and on behalf of the Public 
Company Group) under this Section 3.1, Hess shall include appropriate 
adjustments on the next invoice; provided, however, that such adjustments 
shall be included only to the extent that they relate to a month in the 
same calendar quarter as such invoice relates; provided further that Hess 
and the General Partner shall negotiate, in good faith, the timing of 
payment of any such adjustments. Any such adjustments shall be separately 
stated and computed in such detail as is mutually agreed by Hess and the 
General Partner. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustments that do not 
relate to a month in the same calendar quarter as such invoice relates 
shall not be due and payable by the General Partner or any other member of 
the Public Company Group. Any amounts that the General Partner has disputed 
in good faith and that are later determined by any court or other competent 
authority having jurisdiction, or by agreement of the Parties, to be owing 
from the General Partner (for and on behalf of the Public Company Group) to 
Hess shall be paid in full within ten days of such determination, together 
with interest thereon at the
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest Rate from the date due under the original invoice until the date 
of payment. For so long as Hess Corp. and its Affiliates, collectively, 
hold at least 15% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in HIP GP, 
the General Partner and Hess may settle the General Partners financial 
obligations to Hess hereunder through Hesss normal interaffiliate 
settlement processes.

3.2 Cancellation or Reduction of Services. The General Partner may 
terminate or reduce the level of any of the Employee Functions on 30 days 
prior written notice to Hess. In the event the General Partner terminates 
the Employee Functions, the General Partner shall, or shall cause another 
member of the Public Company Group to, pay Hess the applicable monthly 
portion of the Secondment Fee for the last month (or portion thereof) in 
which it received Employee Functions. Upon payment thereof, the General 
Partner shall have no further payment obligation to Hess under this 
Agreement.

3.3 Reimbursements for Other Costs and Expenses. This Agreement does not 
address the reimbursement of any costs or expenses associated with any 
services provided by Hess and its Affiliates other than the Employee 
Functions. For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts payable by the General 
Partner under this Agreement shall be in addition to, and not in 
duplication of, any amounts payable by the General Partner or any other 
member of the Public Company Group under the Omnibus Agreement.


ARTICLE 4
ALLOCATION; RECORDS

4.1 Allocation; Records. Hess will use commercially reasonable efforts to 
maintain an allocation schedule reflecting the direct and indirect costs 
that are included in the calculation of the Secondment Fee. The General 
Partner and its representatives will have the right to audit such records 
and such other records as the General Partner may reasonably require in 
connection with its verification of the Secondment Fee during regular 
business hours and on reasonable prior notice.

4.2 Agent. The costs and expenses included in the Secondment Fee remain the 
primary legal responsibility of the General Partner as the co-employer of 
the Seconded Employees during the Secondment Period. Hess agrees to act as 
agent for the General Partner in paying such amounts to the employees 
temporarily assigned under this Secondment Agreement. Hess agrees to 
indemnify and hold the General Partner harmless from any and all Losses 
incurred by the General Partner or any other member of the Public Company 
Group that are related to Hesss failure to carry out its duties as agent 
for the payment of such amounts as set forth above.


ARTICLE 5
TERM AND TERMINATION

5.1 Term. Subject to Section 3.2 and Section 5.2, this Agreement shall have 
a term beginning on the Effective Date and shall terminate on the tenth 
anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term); provided, however, 
that this Agreement may be extended by the General Partner for one renewal 
term of ten years (the Renewal Term). To commence the Renewal Term, the 
General Partner shall provide written notice to Hess of the General 
Partners intent to renew this Agreement no less than 90 days prior to the 
end of the Initial Term.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.2 Termination. The Parties may terminate this Agreement prior to the end 
of the Initial Term (or Renewal Term, as applicable) as follows:

(a) If any Party is in default under this Agreement, the non-defaulting 
Party may, as its sole option, (1) terminate this Agreement immediately 
upon written Notice to the defaulting Party; provided that if the General 
Partner is the terminating Party, such termination shall be effective on 
the earlier of (x) 90 days following Hess receipt of such written Notice, 
and (y) the Parties entering into a transition services agreement pursuant 
to Section 5.3, (2) withhold any payments due to the defaulting Party under 
this Agreement or (3) pursue any other remedy at law or in equity. For 
purposes of this Section 5.2(a), a Party shall be in default under this 
Agreement if:

(i) such Party materially breaches any provision of this Agreement and such 
breach is not cured within 15 Business Days after written Notice thereof 
(which written Notice shall describe such breach in reasonable detail) is 
received by such Party; or

(ii) such Party (A) files a petition or otherwise commences, authorizes or 
acquiesces in the commencement of a proceeding or cause of action under any 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar Applicable Law, or has 
any such petition filed or commenced against it; (B) makes an assignment or 
any general arrangement for the benefit of creditors; (C) otherwise becomes 
bankrupt or insolvent (however evidenced); or (D) has a liquidator, 
administrator, receiver, trustee, conservator or similar official appointed 
with respect to it or any substantial portion of its property or assets.

(b) The General Partner may terminate this Agreement at any time upon 30 
days prior written Notice to Hess; provided that such termination shall be 
effective on the earlier of (i) 90 days following Hess receipt of such 
written Notice, and (ii) the Parties entering into a transition services 
agreement pursuant to Section 5.3, and only those provisions that, by their 
terms, expressly survive this Agreement shall so survive.

(c) At any time, should Hess Corp. and its Affiliates collectively cease to 
hold at least 15% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in HIP GP, 
then any Party may terminate this Agreement upon written Notice to the 
other Parties and such termination shall be effective on the earlier of (i) 
90 days following the applicable Partys receipt of such written Notice, 
and (ii) the Parties entering into a transition services agreement pursuant 
to Section 5.3.

5.3 Transition Services Upon Termination. Should a notice of termination of 
this Agreement be delivered pursuant to Section 5.2 (other than any such 
termination notice delivered by Hess pursuant to Section 5.2(a) due to a 
Company default), then the Parties shall, during the pendency of such 
termination, use their commercially reasonable efforts to agree upon a 
transition services agreement.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 6
GENERAL PROVISIONS

6.1 Accuracy of Recitals. The paragraphs contained in the recitals to this 
Agreement are incorporated in this Agreement by this reference, and the 
Parties to this Agreement acknowledge the accuracy thereof.

6.2 Notices. All written notices, requests, demands and other 
communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall 
be deemed sufficient in all respects (a) if given in writing and delivered 
personally, (b) if sent by overnight courier, (c) if mailed by U.S. Express 
Mail or by certified or registered U.S. Mail with all postage fully 
prepaid, (d) sent by facsimile transmission (provided any such facsimile 
transmission is confirmed either orally or by written confirmation), or (e) 
sent by electronic mail transmission (provided any such electronic mail 
transmission is confirmed either orally or by written confirmation, 
including via a reply electronic mail transmission) and, in each case, 
addressed to the appropriate Party at the address for such party shown 
below:
 
If to the General Partner: 	   	If to Hess:
Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, TX 77010
Attn:
Fax:
Email:
   	
Hess Corporation
1185 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
Attn:
Fax:
Email:
With a copy to: 	   	With a copy to:
Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, TX 77010
Attn:
Fax:
Email:
   	
Hess Corporation
1185 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
Attn:
Fax:
Email:

Any notice given in accordance herewith shall be deemed to have been given 
(i) when delivered to the addressee in person, or by courier, during normal 
business hours, or on the next Business Day if delivered after business 
hours, (ii) when received by the addressee via facsimile or electronic mail 
transmission during normal business hours, or on the next Business Day if 
received after business hours, or (iii) upon actual receipt by the 
addressee after such notice has either been delivered to an overnight 
courier or deposited in the U.S. Mail, as the case may be. The Parties may 
change the address, telephone number, facsimile number, electronic mail 
address and individuals to which such communications to any Party are to be 
addressed by giving written notice to the other Parties in the manner 
provided in this Section 6.2.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.3 Further Assurances. The Parties agree to execute such additional 
instruments, agreements and documents, and to take such other actions, as 
may be necessary to effect the purposes of this Agreement.

6.4 Modifications. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a 
written instrument executed by the Parties. Any of the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement may be waived in writing at any time by the Party 
entitled to the benefits thereof.

6.5 No Third Party Beneficiaries. No Person not a Party to this Agreement 
will have any rights under this Agreement as a third party beneficiary or 
otherwise, including, without limitation, the Seconded Employees. In 
furtherance but not in limitation of the foregoing: (a) nothing in this 
Agreement shall be deemed to provide any Seconded Employee with a right to 
continued Secondment or employment and (b) nothing in this Agreement shall 
be deemed to constitute an amendment to any Benefit Plan or limit in any 
way the right of Hess and its ERISA Affiliates to amend, modify or 
terminate, in whole or in part, any Benefit Plan which may be in effect 
from time to time.

6.6 Relationship of the Parties. Nothing in this Agreement will constitute 
the members of the Public Company Group, Hess or its Affiliates as members 
of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate or other entity.

6.7 Assignment. Neither Party will, without the prior written consent of 
the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, assign, 
mortgage, pledge or otherwise convey this Agreement or any of its rights or 
duties hereunder. Unless written consent is not required under this 
Section 6.7, any attempted or purported assignment, mortgage, pledge or 
conveyance by a Party without the written consent of the other Party shall 
be void and of no force and effect. No assignment, mortgage, pledge or 
other conveyance by a Party shall relieve the Party of any liabilities or 
obligations under this Agreement.

6.8 Binding Effect. This Agreement will be binding upon, and will inure to 
the benefit of, the Parties and their respective successors, permitted 
assigns and legal representatives.

6.9 Counterparts; Multiple Originals. This Agreement may be executed in any 
number of counterparts (including by facsimile or portable document format 
(.pdf)), all of which together shall constitute one agreement binding each 
of the Parties. Each of the Parties may sign any number of copies of this 
Agreement. Each signed copy shall be deemed to be an original, and all of 
them together shall represent one and the same agreement.

6.10 Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this 
Agreement.

6.11 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by the 
laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to its conflict of laws 
principles. Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of any federal court of competent jurisdiction situated in the 
State of Texas United States District Court for the Southern District of 
Texas, or if such federal court declines to exercise or does not have 
jurisdiction, in the district court of Harris County, Texas. The Parties 
expressly and irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of said courts and 
irrevocably waive any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the 
laying of venue of
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement 
brought in such courts, irrevocably waive any claim that any such action, 
suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an 
inconvenient forum and further irrevocably waive the right to object, with 
respect to such claim, action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court 
that such court does not have jurisdiction over such Party. The Parties 
hereby irrevocably consent to the service of process by registered mail, 
postage prepaid, or by personal service within or without the State of 
Texas. Nothing contained herein shall affect the right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by Applicable Law.

6.12 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN 
RESPECT OF ANY PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PERFORMANCE OR 
FAILURE TO PERFORM OF ANY OBLIGATION HEREUNDER.

6.13 Delay or Partial Exercise Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part 
of any Party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement will 
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any right or remedy under this Agreement preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy granted 
hereby or any related document. The waiver by either Party of a breach of 
any provisions of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of a similar 
breach in the future or of any other breach or nullify the effectiveness of 
such provision.

6.14 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes and expresses the entire 
agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
All previous discussions, promises, representations and understandings 
relative thereto are hereby merged in and superseded by this Agreement.

6.15 Waiver. To be effective, any waiver or any right under this Agreement 
will be in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer or 
representative of the Party bound thereby.

6.16 Incorporation of Exhibits by References. Each of the Exhibits to this 
Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference herein as if it were set out 
in full in the text of this Agreement.

[Signature page follows.]
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AS WITNESS HEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by 
their duly authorized representatives on the date herein above mentioned.
 
HESS CORPORATION
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS TRADING CORPORATION
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LP
By: 	  	Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC,
  	its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

Signature Page to MLP Employee Secondment Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A
Definitions

Affiliate means with respect to any Person, any other Person that 
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is 
Controlled by or is under common Control with, such Person. For the 
avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, (a) no member of the Public Company Group shall be deemed to be 
an Affiliate of Hess nor shall Hess be deemed to be an Affiliate of any 
member of the Public Company Group, (b) a Person who is a limited 
partnership and has a common general partner with another Person, directly 
or indirectly, shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of such other Person, 
and (c) no member of the Public Company Group shall be deemed to be an 
Affiliate of any Person in which any investment fund managed by Global 
Infrastructure Management, LLC has made an investment, including any 
holding company of such Person, nor shall any Person in which any 
investment fund managed by Global Infrastructure Management, LLC has made 
an investment, including any holding company of such Person be deemed to be 
an Affiliate of any member of the Public Company Group.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement.

Applicable Law means any applicable statute, law, regulation, ordinance, 
rule, determination, judgment, rule of law, order, decree, permit, 
approval, concession, grant, franchise, license, requirement, or any 
similar form of decision of, or any provision or condition of any permit, 
license or other operating authorization issued by any Governmental 
Authority having or asserting jurisdiction over the matter or matters in 
question, whether now or hereafter in effect.

Assets has the meaning set forth in the Recitals to this Agreement.

Benefit Plans means each employee benefit plan, as defined in Section 
3(3) of ERISA, and any other material plan, policy, program, practice, 
agreement, understanding or arrangement (whether written or oral) providing 
compensation or other benefits to any Seconded Employee (or to any 
dependent or beneficiary thereof), including, without limitation, any stock 
bonus, stock ownership, stock option, stock purchase, stock appreciation 
rights, phantom stock, restricted stock or other equity-based compensation 
plans, policies, programs, practices or arrangements, and any bonus or 
incentive compensation plan, deferred compensation, profit sharing, 
holiday, cafeteria, medical, disability or other employee benefit plan, 
program, policy, agreement or arrangement sponsored, maintained, or 
contributed to by Hess or any of its ERISA Affiliates, or under which 
either Hess or any of its ERISA Affiliates may have any obligation or 
liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of or for the benefit 
of any Seconded Employee (but excluding workers compensation benefits 
(whether through insured or self-insured arrangements) and directors and 
officers liability insurance).

Business Day means any day except for Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday 
in Texas.

Company has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement.
 
Exhibit A - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Control and its derivatives mean, with respect to any Person, the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of (a) the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether by contract 
or otherwise, (b) without limiting any other subsection of this definition, 
if applicable to such Person (even if such Person is a corporation), where 
such Person is a corporation, the power to exercise or determine the voting 
of more than 50% of the voting rights in such corporation, (c) without 
limiting any other subsection of this definition, if applicable to such 
Person (even if such Person is a limited partnership),where such Person is 
a limited partnership, ownership of all of the equity of the sole general 
partner of such limited partnership, or (d) without limiting any other 
subsection of this definition, if applicable to such Person, in the case of 
a Person that is any other type of entity, the right to exercise or 
determine the voting of more than 50% of the Equity Interests in such 
Person having voting rights, whether by contract or otherwise.

Contribution Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals to this 
Agreement.

Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this 
Agreement.

Employee Functions has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

End Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, (a) capital stock, 
membership interests, partnership interests, other equity interests, rights 
to profits or revenue and any other similar interest in such Person, (b) 
any security or other interest convertible into or exchangeable or 
exercisable for any of the foregoing, whether at the time of issuance or 
upon the passage of time or the occurrence of some future event, and (c) 
any warrant, option or other right (contingent or otherwise) to acquire any 
of the foregoing.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended.

ERISA Affiliate means any entity that would be treated as a single 
employer with an Operator under Sections 414(b), (c) or (m) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA.

General Partner has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this 
Agreement.

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, local or foreign 
government or any provincial, departmental or other political subdivision 
thereof, or any entity, body or authority exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory, administrative or other governmental 
functions or any court, department, commission, board, bureau, agency, 
instrumentality or administrative body of any of the foregoing.

Hess has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement.

Hess Corp. has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement.

HIP GP means Hess Infrastructure Partners GP LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company and the general partner of HIP LP.
 
Exhibit A - 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HIP LP mean Hess Infrastructure Partners LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership.

HTC has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement.

Initial Term has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.

Interest Rate means, on the applicable date of determination (a) the 
prime rate (as published in the Money Rates table of The Wall Street 
Journal, eastern edition, or if such rate is no longer published in such 
publication or such publication ceases to be published, then as published 
in a similar national business publication as mutually agreed by the 
Parties), plus (b) an additional two percentage points (or, if such rate is 
contrary to any Applicable Law, the maximum rate permitted by such 
Applicable Law).

Loss or Losses means any and all costs, expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees), claims, demands, losses, liabilities, obligations, 
actions, lawsuits and other proceedings, judgments and awards.

MLP GP LP has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement.

Non-Public Company Group means, at any date of determination, HIP LP, HIP 
GP and each of their respective Subsidiaries, collectively, but 
specifically excluding any member of the Public Company Group.

Notice means any notice, request, instruction, correspondence or other 
communication permitted or required to be given under this Agreement.

Omnibus Agreement means that certain Omnibus Agreement, dated as of the 
date hereof, by and among Hess Corp., the MLP GP LP and the Partnership, 
and the other parties thereto, as such may be amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time.

Partnership has the meaning set forth in the Recitals to this Agreement.

Party or Parties has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this 
Agreement.

Period of Secondment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Person means any individual, partnership, limited partnership, joint 
venture, corporation, limited liability company, limited liability 
partnership, trust, unincorporated organization or Governmental Authority 
or any department or agency thereof.

Public Company Group means, at any date of determination, (a) the 
Partnership, (b) the Company, (c) the MLP GP LP, and (d) the respective 
Subsidiaries of the Partnership, the Company and/or the MLP GP LP, all of 
the foregoing being treated as a single consolidated entity.

Renewal Term has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.
 
Exhibit A - 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Seconded Employees means those employees of Hess and its Affiliates or 
contracted by Hess to perform certain functions who are engaged in 
providing the Employee Functions to the General Partner from time to time.

Secondment means each assignment of any Seconded Employee to the General 
Partner from Hess in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Secondment Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any other Person in which 
such first Person, directly or indirectly, owns an Equity Interest.

Total Services Costs has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).
 
Exhibit A - 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B
Employee Functions

The Employee Functions to be provided by the Seconded Employees of Hess 
Corp. include, but are not limited to, the following functions with respect 
to the Assets and/or the businesses of the Public Company Group:


I: Corporate Functions
 
(a) 	Executive Oversight (including select positions involving legal, tax 
and management of key controls and processes);
 
(b) 	Business Development;
 
(c) 	Corporate Development (including Treasurer, Controller and Corporate 
Secretary functions);
 
(d) 	Unitholder and Investor Relations;
 
(e) 	Communications and Public Relations; and
 
(f) 	Such other operational, commercial and business functions that are 
necessary to develop and execute the business strategy of the Public 
Company Group including, without limitation, expansion of existing 
facilities; acquisition of new facilities, customers or key suppliers; and 
determine key investment decisions and structures.


II: Maintenance Functions
 
(g) 	Day-to-day routine and emergency supervision, administrative liaison 
and related functions required in connection with the maintenance and 
repair of the Public Company Group Assets. The Seconded Employees 
performing these maintenance supervision, liaison and related functions 
shall possess the qualifications, experience and/or training consistent 
with the qualifications and experience which are typical for personnel 
maintaining such facilities and in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of Hess and any applicable Governmental Authority and 
Applicable Law.
 
(h) 	Maintenance and repair of the Public Company Group Assets, and other 
obligations required by right-of-way agreements. The Seconded Employees 
performing this maintenance shall possess the qualifications, experience 
and/or training consistent with the qualifications and experience which are 
typical for personnel maintaining such facilities and in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of Hess and any applicable Governmental Authority 
and Applicable Law.
 
(i) 	Provision of equipment inspection, surveillance, corrosion control and 
monitoring, and the resulting records and history.
 
(j) 	Implementation of a preventative maintenance program, including static 
vessel, tank, rotating and electrical equipment maintenance and integrity, 
for the Public Company Group Assets, including, without limitation, 
periodic testing, adjustment, maintenance, repair and/or replacement of the 
Public Company Group Assets.
 
Exhibit B - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(k) 	Preparation and retention of appropriate maintenance records and logs 
regarding the Public Company Group Assets.
 
(l) 	Technical functions for purposes of trouble-shooting problems, 
improving, upgrading, repairing and meeting all regulatory or safety 
requirements for the Public Company Group Assets.
 
(m) 	Planning, design and engineering functions related to the maintenance 
and repair of the Public Company Group Assets; selecting contractors and 
material suppliers for such activities.
 
(n) 	Advise the General Partner of major plans or significant changes in 
the maintenance or repair of the Public Company Group Assets.
 
(o) 	Such other maintenance, repair and related functions as the General 
Partner may request from time to time.
 
Exhibit B - 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
III: Operating Functions
 
(a) 	Day-to-day routine and emergency supervision of the operation of the 
Public Company Group Assets. Seconded Employees performing this 
supervision, shall possess the qualifications, experience and / or training 
consistent with the qualifications and experience which are typical for 
personnel supervising the operation of such facilities and in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of Hess and any applicable Governmental 
Authority and Applicable Law.
 
(b) 	Operation of the Public Company Group Assets and other facilities. 
Seconded Employees performing this operation shall possess the 
qualifications, experience and/or training consistent with the 
qualifications and experience which are typical for personnel operating 
such facilities and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Hess 
and any applicable Governmental Authority and Applicable Law.
 
(c) 	Preparation and retention of appropriate operating records and logs 
regarding the Public Company Group Assets.
 
(d) 	Monitoring and control functions (including, but not limited to, 
supervisory control and data acquisition, SCADA) for the Public Company 
Group processing facilities, pipelines, and terminaling facilities.
 
(e) 	Determining net volume and composition received and delivered for 
custody transfer.
 
(f) 	Periodic performance testing of the assets and recommending actions 
for improvement, expansion, and asset development.
 
(g) 	Scheduling and coordinating all outages and maintenance shutdowns.
 
(h) 	Preparing, filing and renewing operating licenses and/or permits.
 
(i) 	Emergency response functions
 
(j) 	Providing and arranging for technical engineering support for (i) 
solving operations and maintenance issues, problems, or concerns with 
regard to operations and maintenance, and (ii) recommending and 
implementing modifications, repairs, replacements and improvements
 
(k) 	Such other operating functions as the General Partner may request from 
time to time.
 
Exhibit B - 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IV: Administrative Functions
 
(a) 	Preparation, filing and renewal, as applicable, of tariffs and other 
applicable regulatory filings with FERC and/or state agencies.
 
(b) 	Preparation and filing of permits, permit updates, and other documents 
required by any applicable Governmental Authority.
 
(c) 	Product quality and assurance.
 
(d) 	Such other administrative functions as the General Partner may request 
from time to time.
 
Exhibit B - 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
V: Construction Functions
 
(a) 	Construction, reconstruction, reconditioning, overhaul and replacement 
of Public Company Group Assets and related facilities.
 
(b) 	Provide such oversight and management functions as may be necessary in 
connection with the activities described in item (a) above.
 
(c) 	Perform all planning, design and engineering functions related to the 
activities described in item (a) above as may be necessary.

The Employee Functions to be provided by the Seconded Employees of HTC 
include, and are limited to, the following functions with respect to the 
Assets and/or the businesses of the Public Company Group:
 
  	 	  	Coordination of scheduling of crude oil rail cars with railroad 
owners and related suppliers, service providers and customers.
 
Exhibit B - 5