 EX-10.6.4 3 d343088dex1064.htm FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EXPENSE SUPPORT AND 
RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.6.4

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EXPENSE SUPPORT
AND RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT

THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EXPENSE SUPPORT AND RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 
(this Fourth Amendment), is effective as of January 1, 2017 (the 
Effective Date), by and between CNL Healthcare Properties, Inc. (the 
Company) and CNL Healthcare Manager Corp. (the Property Manager). The 
Company and the Property Manager are each sometimes individually referred 
to as, a Party and collectively as, the Parties.


R E C I T A L S:

WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain First Amended and Restated 
Property Management and Leasing Agreement dated as of June 28, 2012, as 
amended by a First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Property 
Management and Leasing Agreement between the Parties dated as of April 1, 
2013 (collectively, the Property Management Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the Company and CNL Healthcare Corp, the Companys advisor (the 
Advisor) and an affiliate of the Property Manager, entered into that 
certain Expense Support and Restricted Stock Agreement dated effective as 
of April 1, 2013, as amended by a First Amendment to Expense Support and 
Restricted Stock Agreement dated effective as of November 7, 2013, as 
further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Expense Support and 
Restricted Stock Agreement dated effective as of April 3, 2014, and as 
further amended by that certain Third Amendment to Expense Support and 
Restricted Stock Agreement dated effective as of January 1, 2016 
(collectively, the Advisor Expense Support Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Expense Support and 
Restricted Stock Agreement dated effective as of July 1, 2013, as amended 
by a First Amendment to Expense Support and Restricted Stock Agreement 
dated effective as of November 7, 2013, as further amended by that certain 
Second Amendment to Expense Support and Restricted Stock Agreement dated 
effective as of April 3, 2014, and as further amended by that certain Third 
Amendment to Expense Support and Restricted Stock Agreement dated effective 
as of January 1, 2016 (collectively, the Expense Support Agreement); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to paragraph 13 of the Expense Support Agreement the 
Parties may amend the Expense Support Agreement by a writing executed by 
all of the Parties; and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the Expense Support Agreement on 
mutually agreed upon terms more particularly set forth herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledge, 
the Parties, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows:

1. Recitals; Certain Definitions. The foregoing recitals are true and 
correct in all material respects, and are by this reference incorporated 
herein and made a part hereof. Capitalized terms used herein and not 
defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Advisor Expense Support 
Agreement.

2. Addition of defined term Aggregate Stockholder Minimum Cash 
Distributions. The following defined term is added to the Expense Support 
Agreement immediately preceding the defined term Board:

Aggregate Stockholder Minimum Cash Distributions  shall mean the 
aggregate cash distributions paid to the stockholder in an applicable 
period, but only to the extent such distributions do not exceed, in the 
aggregate, an annualized four percent (4%) of the weighted average of the 
Boards most recent determination of estimated net asset value per share.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Amendment to Section 1 of the Expense Support Agreement. The Parties 
hereby amend and restate Section 1 of the Expense Support Agreement in its 
entirety; and Section 1 as amended and restated shall henceforth read as 
follows:

1) Expense Support. Beginning on the Effective Date and continuing until 
terminated as provided herein, in the event the Expense Support Amount (as 
defined in the Advisor Expense Support Agreement) calculated pursuant to 
the Advisor Expense Support Agreement is less than (a) Aggregate 
Stockholder Minimum Cash Distributions declared for the applicable year, 
over (b) the Companys aggregate MFFO, as defined below, for the same 
period, then the Property Manager shall provide expense support to the 
Company through forgoing payment of fees including expense reimbursements 
in cash and accepting restricted common stock of the Company for services 
provided herein, in an amount equal to such shortfall (the Property 
Manager Expense Support Amount). The Property Manager Expense Support 
Amount shall be determined for each calendar year of the Company, on a 
cumulative year-to-date basis, after calculation of the Advisor Expense 
Support Amount pursuant to the Advisor Expense Support Agreement with each 
such year-end date, a Determination Date. The Property Manager Expense 
Support Amount will be credited by the Property Manager to the Company in 
satisfaction of property management and other fees and expenses owed to the 
Property Manager under the Property Management Agreement, at the Property 
Managers discretion. For purposes of this Agreement only, MFFO have the 
same meaning as such term is defined and presented in the Companys Form 
10-Q and Form 10-K as filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, and adjusted to exclude all development asset operating 
losses, interest expense and any other expenses, to the extent by which 
such losses exceed revenues, until the first full calendar quarter that is 
eighteen (18) months following the time when such development asset in its 
entirety is placed in service.

4. Terms. All other terms and conditions as contained in the Expense 
Support Agreement shall remain unchanged and will continue to bind the 
Parties with respect to the transaction as contemplated therein.

Signature Page Follows.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Fourth Amendment to be 
signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the 
day and year first above written.
 
CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Stephen H. Mauldin
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
CNL HEALTHCARE MANAGER CORP.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Tracey Bracco
Title: 	  	Vice President
 
3