 EX-10.18 20 d352136dex1018.htm EX-10.18
Exhibit 10.18

[Date]

STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL
ADDRESSEE ONLY

Dr Pedro Malan
[Address]

Dear Dr Malan

Letter of Appointment: Period from the close of the Companys Annual 
General Meeting on [Date] to the close of the Companys Annual General 
Meeting in [Year] (the Appointment Period)

In accordance with the policy agreed by the Board, I am pleased to be able 
to confirm your re-appointment as a Non-Executive Director of the Company 
for a further term, being the Appointment Period.

The terms of your appointment (the Appointment) for the Appointment 
Period are set out below. These represent the totality of the terms agreed 
between you and the Company and which supersede all previous agreements, 
arrangements and understandings between you and the Company.

For the avoidance of doubt, your tenure as a Non-Executive Director of the 
Company commenced on your original date of appointment as a Director which 
was 2 February 2015.
 
1. 	TERM OF APPOINTMENT
 
1.1 	Your Appointment for the Appointment Period will take effect from the 
close of the Companys Annual General Meeting on [Date] and will continue 
on the terms of this letter (or in the event of the successful completion 
of the proposed acquisition of the remaining shares in Reynolds American 
Inc., on such replacement terms as may be agreed) for approximately twelve 
months until the close of the Companys next Annual General Meeting in 
[Year] (the Next AGM) unless the Appointment is terminated in accordance 
with paragraph 10 below. Notwithstanding any mutual expectation, there is 
no right to re-nomination by the Board.
 
1.2 	For the avoidance of doubt, the Appointment is one of officeholder and 
not of employment and neither the Company nor you shall hold you out as an 
employee of the BAT Group.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. 	DUTIES

Time Commitment
 
2.1 	You will be expected to devote such time as is necessary for the 
proper performance of your duties. We currently expect to hold six Board 
meetings a year. We arrange committee meetings, strategy sessions, Board 
dinners and AGMs around these meetings and so it is best to anticipate a 
time commitment of two days per meeting. In addition, you will be expected 
to devote appropriate preparation time ahead of each meeting, and be 
prepared for at least one site visit per year, which may be at an overseas 
location. You may also be required to attend meetings as part of the Board 
evaluation process and updating meetings or training sessions. You will 
therefore be expected to make an annual time commitment of between 25 and 
30 days, although this will always depend on the circumstances and level of 
activities of the Company as the nature of the role makes it impossible to 
be specific about the maximum time commitment. There is always the 
possibility that ad hoc matters may arise from time to time and 
particularly when the Company is undergoing increased activity. It may be 
necessary to convene additional Board, Committee or other meetings. If 
business has to be transacted between regular Board meetings, you will be 
advised. Copies of the current Board programmes are available from the 
Company Secretary.

In addition, if you are in your first year as a Director, we arrange an 
induction programme covering all aspects of the business. We will also 
organise a visit to an overseas factory location as well as the Group 
Research & Development Centre. Induction programmes can be scheduled and 
tailored to meet the time commitments for individual Directors but are 
generally expected to amount to a further three to four days.

Unless urgent and unavoidable circumstances prevent you from doing so, it 
is expected that you will attend the meetings outlined above. Attendance at 
meetings by way of telephone conference call may be possible provided that 
agreement is first sought from the Chairman and his consent has been given.

By accepting the Appointment you have confirmed that, you are able to 
allocate sufficient time to meet the expectations of your role. The prior 
agreement of the Chairman should be sought before accepting additional 
commitments that might affect the time you are able to devote to your role 
as a Non-Executive Director of the Company.


Role
 
2.2 	As a Non-Executive Director you will have the same general legal 
responsibilities to the Company as any other Director together with such 
specific duties as may be agreed with the Board, and which relate to the 
business of the Company or any other member of the BAT Group. The Board as 
a whole is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the 
Company by directing and supervising the Companys affairs.

The role of the Non-Executive has the following key elements:
 
  	 	  	Strategy: Non-Executive Directors should constructively challenge 
and contribute to the development of strategy;
 
  	 	  	Performance: Non-Executive Directors should scrutinize the 
performance of management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and 
monitor the reporting of performance;
 
  	 	  	Risk: Non-Executive Directors should satisfy themselves that 
financial information is accurate and that financial controls and systems 
of risk management are robust and defensible; and
 
  	 	  	People: Non-Executive Directors (through the Remuneration 
Committee) are responsible for determining appropriate levels of 
remuneration of Executive Directors and have a prime role in appointing, 
and where necessary removing, senior management and in succession planning.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.3 	During the continuance of the Appointment you shall:
 
2.3.1 	promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as 
a whole and comply with the directors duties set out in Part 10 of the 
Companies Act 2006;
 
2.3.2 	faithfully, efficiently, competently and diligently perform your 
duties and exercise such powers as are appropriate to your role as a 
Non-Executive Director;
 
2.3.3 	in so far as reasonably possible, attend all meetings of the Board 
and of the committees of the Board of which you are a member or to which 
you may be invited to attend from time to time;
 
2.3.4 	promptly declare, so far as you are aware, the nature of any 
interest, whether direct or indirect, in accordance with paragraph 5.5 
below;
 
2.3.5 	observe and comply with all relevant regulation impacting the 
Company, including in the UK, The City Code on Take Overs and Mergers; the 
Listing Rules; the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules; the 
Prospectus Rules and the UK Corporate Governance Code. In addition to 
comply with the EU Market Abuse Regulation and Implementing Regulations and 
the British American Tobacco p.l.c. Code for Share Dealing from time to 
time in force in relation to dealing in shares, debentures and other 
securities of the Company and inside information affecting the shares, 
debentures or other securities of the Company; and to comply with any such 
similar regulatory requirements in South Africa, including the JSE Listing 
Requirements.
 
2.3.6 	in the event that the BAT Groups proposed acquisition of Reynolds 
American Inc. receives regulatory and shareholder approval and completes 
during the Appointment Period, you shall also observe all additional US 
regulatory requirements as may apply at that time;
 
2.3.7 	comply personally with the Companys rules and policies on corporate 
governance and its Standards of Business Conduct from time to time in force 
and use all reasonable endeavours that the BAT Group (as appropriate) so 
complies;
 
2.3.8 	comply with all reasonable requests, instructions and regulations 
made or given by the Board (or by any duly authorised committee thereof) 
and give to the Board such explanations, information and assistance as the 
Board may reasonably require;
 
2.3.9 	use your reasonable endeavours to promote and extend the interests 
and reputation of the BAT Group, including assisting the Chairman and the 
Board in relation to public and corporate affairs and bringing to bear for 
the benefit of the Chairman and the Board your particular knowledge and 
experience.

In addition, you should devote time to developing and refreshing your 
knowledge and skills, uphold high standards of integrity and probity and 
support the Chairman and promote amongst the other Directors an appropriate 
culture and set of values and behaviours in the boardroom and beyond and 
take into account the views of shareholders and other stakeholders where 
appropriate.
 
2.4 	If there are matters which arise which cause you concern about your 
role you should discuss them with the Chairman or the Senior Independent 
Director. If you have any concerns which cannot be resolved, and you choose 
to resign for that, or any other reason, you should provide an appropriate 
written statement to the Chairman or the Senior Independent Director for 
circulation to the Board.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Committees
 
2.5 	You will continue to be a member of each of the Nominations Committee 
and the Audit Committee. Should you also be appointed as a member of 
additional Board Committees, such appointment will be confirmed to you in a 
supplemental letter to this letter of appointment or in a revised letter of 
appointment. The ambit and main terms of reference of the Board Committees 
are described in the British American Tobacco Corporate Governance booklet, 
a copy of which is available from the Company Secretary.
 
3. 	FEES AND EXPENSES
 
3.1 	Your current base fee (Base Fee) is set at the rate of £92,700 per 
annum less any deductions which the Company may be required to make 
including in respect of tax and national insurance contributions. The Base 
Fee is payable in arrears by twelve equal monthly instalments and may be 
amended from time to time by notice in writing given to you by the Company. 
The fees for Non-Executive Directors are reviewed and considered annually.
 
3.2 	With reference to paragraph 2.5 above, you are currently entitled to 
an additional fee of £7,000 per annum per Committee (a Committee Membership 
Fee). Should you be appointed as Chair of a Committee of the Board, you 
will be entitled to an additional annual fee at the rate agreed with 
reference to the Board from time to time.

A Committee Membership Fee and any other additional fees or payments will 
be made less any deductions which the Company may be required to make 
including in respect of tax and national insurance contributions. These 
additional fees and payments are also payable in arrears by twelve equal 
monthly instalments and may be amended from time to time by notice in 
writing given to you by the Company.
 
3.3 	With effect from 1 May 2017, each Committee Membership Fee will 
increase to £11,000 per annum.
 
3.4 	Subject to the Articles and the Companys Travel and Expenses Policy 
(T&E Policy), the Company shall reimburse to you all travelling, hotel and 
other expenses reasonably incurred by you in the proper performance of your 
obligations under this letter provided that you supply receipts or other 
evidence of expenditure. A copy of the T&E Policy is available from the 
Company Secretary.
 
3.5 	The Company will meet, as appropriate, any personal income tax 
liability that arises from any benefits provided or paid for by the 
Company.
 
4. 	INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVICE
 
4.1 	Your expenses may include legal fees if it is necessary in the 
furtherance of your duties for you to seek independent legal advice 
(provided that allegations of negligence, breach of duty or bad faith have 
not been made against you). Accordingly, the Board has approved a procedure 
for taking independent advice in such circumstances. Any such payment by 
the Company would, of course, be subject to any applicable restriction 
under company law.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.2 	Further to clause 4.1 above, the advice and services of the Company 
Secretary and the Director, Legal & External Affairs and General Counsel 
are available to each Director for guidance on the Directors 
responsibilities and those of the Board and in relation to any specific 
activity or transaction of the Company. It is recognised that there may be 
occasions when you may need to have independent professional advice in 
connection with the performance of your duties as a Director of the Company 
and that this should be paid for by the Company.
 
4.3 	In such an instance, you should first refer the matter to the Company 
Secretary. This will avoid you seeking advice from a source where there is 
a conflict of interest (for example, because that firm is or has been an 
adviser to a competitor company) or where it would be inappropriate for 
other reasons (for example, because the firm has acted for the Company or 
its subsidiaries).
 
5. 	PROTECTION OF THE BAT GROUP AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
 
5.1 	You will not for the Restricted Period in the Restricted Area directly 
or indirectly (a) hold office in, (b) be employed by, (c) provide services 
to or (d) be otherwise interested in, any company, firm or other business 
entity which is engaged in Restricted Business otherwise than with the 
prior written permission of the Board.

Restricted Period means the (a) duration of the Appointment plus (b) a 
period of three months immediately following the ending of the Appointment.

Restricted Area means any country in the world in which any BAT Group 
Company either (a) is engaged in Restricted Business or (b) proposes to be 
engaged in Restricted Business within twelve months immediately following 
the end of the Appointment.

Restricted Business means (a) the manufacture, sale or distribution of 
tobacco products and/or (b) Next Generation Products and/or (c) any other 
products or services offered by any subsidiary in the BAT Group as at the 
end of the Restricted Period.
 
5.2 	You will not, without the Boards prior written consent (which shall 
not be unreasonably withheld), (a) hold office in, (b) be employed by, or 
(c) provide services to any company, firm, or other business entity.
 
5.3 	In general, you undertake that during the term of your Appointment you 
will:
 
5.3.1 	promptly disclose to the Board in writing any proposed new 
directorship or appointment together with any subsequent confirmation that 
the appointment is effective and any changes to such directorship or 
appointment;
 
5.3.2 	promptly disclose to the Board in writing any prior existing 
interests in a company, business or undertaking which competes with or is a 
customer of or a supplier to any company within the BAT Group (competing 
interest); and
 
5.3.3 	not acquire any new competing interest.
 
5.4 	Your attention is drawn to the procedures established for managing 
compliance with the conflict of interest provisions of the Companies Act 
2006. Under these provisions:
 
5.4.1 	you may not allow any situation to arise in which you will have, or 
may have, a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may 
conflict, with the interests of the Company (a situational conflict), 
unless the matter has been authorised in advance by the Board; and
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.4.2 	you must declare in advance any interest in a proposed transaction 
or arrangement with the Company (a transactional conflict).
 
5.5 	You are required to give advance notice of any situational or 
transactional conflict to the Company Secretary and any such matter will be 
considered either at the next Board meeting or, if the conflict or 
potential conflict is due to arise prior to the next scheduled Board 
meeting, at a meeting of the Conflicts Committee.
 
5.6 	Subject to compliance with the provisions of the Groups Standards of 
Business Conduct with regard to real, potential or perceived conflicts of 
interest, in particular, the provisions relating to financial interests, 
this paragraph 5 shall not prevent you from holding for investment purposes 
an interest (as defined in S.820  825 of the Companies Act 2006) of up to 
5% in nominal value or (in the case of securities not having any nominal 
value) in number or class of securities, in any class of securities in a 
company which is quoted on any Investment Exchange, as recognised by the 
FCA. For this purpose, the references to securities held by you include 
securities beneficially held by your immediate family.
 
6. 	CONFIDENTIALITY
 
6.1 	You will not either during the period of the Appointment or after its 
termination (without limitation in time) directly or indirectly disclose to 
any person or organisation, or use, any trade secrets or Confidential 
Information belonging, or relating, to the business of the BAT Group. This 
obligation shall not apply in the following circumstances:
 
6.1.1 	where its disclosure or use is necessary for the proper discharge of 
your duties the Appointment; or under
 
6.1.2 	such trade secrets or confidential information have entered the 
public domain, other than by way of unauthorised disclosure whether by you 
or a third party; or
 
6.1.3 	such disclosure is permitted by the Public Interest Disclosure Act 
1998.
 
6.2 	You shall not at any time during the continuance of the Appointment 
make any notes or memoranda relating to any matter within the scope of the 
Companys business, dealings or affairs otherwise than for the benefit of 
the Company or any BAT Group company. You will return all such documents, 
disks and information-storing medium (including copies) on request by the 
Company.
 
6.3 	The Company may, from time to time, supply to you software 
applications for the purposes of accessing the BAT Group information 
technology systems and networks and/or for the purposes of accessing the 
papers of the Board and its Committees through a personal device such as an 
iPhone or an iPad. Such use is subject to the various BAT Group Policies, 
Standards and Guidelines including, but not limited to, the Acceptable Use 
Policy and the IT Security Policy Statement in place from time to time. The 
terms and conditions and use of these software applications are hereby 
incorporated by reference into this letter of appointment.
 
7. 	INDEMNITY
 
7.1 	Subject to clause 7.2 below, the Company shall, both during the term 
of the Appointment and after its termination, indemnify you, keep you 
indemnified against and pay to you an amount equal to all costs, charges 
expenses, losses, damages or liabilities which you may sustain or incur in 
or about the execution of your duties to the Company or of any associated 
company of the Company or as a result of any contract, deed, matter or 
thing done, entered into or executed by you on behalf of any such company 
or in relation to the business of any such company.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.2 	The indemnity referred to in clause 7.1 shall not apply in any of the 
following circumstances:
 
7.2.1 	where and to the extent that any recovery is made by you under any 
policy of insurance;
 
7.2.2 	where and to the extent that any liability is prohibited or rendered 
unenforceable by the Companies Acts (or any statutory modification or 
re-enactment thereof in force from time to time) or as otherwise prohibited 
by law;
 
7.2.3 	where the Company considers that you have acted in bad faith with 
wilful default or gross negligence, intentionally not in compliance with 
the Companys Standards of Business Conduct Policy (as from time to time in 
force) (copy available from the Company Secretary) or otherwise so as to 
bring the Company or any of its associated companies into disrepute.
 
7.3 	The indemnity provided in clause 7.1 shall take effect notwithstanding 
that the Company (or any of its associated companies) or you may have 
purchased and maintained insurance cover in respect of any liability, loss 
or expenditure incurred by any director or officer of the Company and the 
indemnity provided under clause 7.1 above shall be enforceable against the 
Company regardless of whether a claim may be made or has been pursued under 
such insurance.
 
7.4 	All sums payable by the Company hereunder shall be paid free and 
without rights of counterclaim or set-off and without deduction and 
withholding on any ground whatsoever, save only as may be required by law. 
If any such deduction or withholding is required by law, the Company shall 
be obliged to pay you such amount as will ensure that, after any deduction 
or withholding has been made, you shall have received a sum equal to the 
amount that you would otherwise have received in the absence of any such 
deduction or withholding.
 
7.5 	If you become aware of any notice, demand or other document issued, 
any claim made or action taken either before or after the date hereof which 
appears to you to be relevant for the purposes of the indemnity in clause 
7.1 or likely to give rise to any liability of the Company under that 
indemnity (hereinafter referred to as a Demand), you shall give notice 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable.
 
7.6 	You shall provide the Company as soon as reasonably practicable with 
all supporting documentation and information relating to a Demand as the 
Company may reasonably require.
 
7.7 	You shall, at the request and at the expense of the Company, do and 
concur in doing and permit to be done all such acts and things as the 
Company may reasonably request to avoid, dispute, resist, appeal or 
compromise any Demand and you shall further make no settlement or 
compromise of the subject matter of any Demand, nor agree to any matter in 
the conduct of any dispute in relation thereto nor take any other action or 
omit to do any other thing in relation to any Demand without the prior 
written approval of the Company (such approval not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed).
 
7.8 	The Company may, by written notice to you at any time and without 
prejudice to your rights of indemnification as set out in clause 7.1 above, 
forthwith assume (where appropriate, in your name) the conduct of any 
negotiations, settlement or compromise discussions or proceedings in 
relation to a Demand. The Company shall have full discretion in the conduct 
or settlement of any claim or proceedings.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.9 	You shall provide the Company as soon as reasonably practicable 
following any request with reasonable details of all costs and liabilities 
incurred by you in relation to any Demand.
 
7.10 	The rights and obligations set out in this clause 7 shall not modify 
or waive any of the duties which you owe as a director or officer of the 
Company or any of its associated companies (as the case may be), as a 
matter of law or under the rules of any relevant stock exchange or 
regulatory body.
 
7.11 	The Company shall, in the event that a payment is made to you under 
this indemnity in respect of a particular liability, be entitled to recover 
from you an amount equal to any payment received by you under any policy of 
insurance or from any other third party to the extent that such payment 
relates to the liability, and a deduction may similarly be made from any 
payment made by the Company to the extent any such payment has already been 
received by you. You shall pay any sum owing in accordance with the 
foregoing forthwith upon the Companys request.
 
7.12 	To the extent any payment of costs under clause 7.1 of this indemnity 
is treated under the Companies Act as a loan repayable to the Company, 
subject to the Companies Act and provided that the requirements for a 
qualifying third party indemnity provision are met, you shall not be 
required to repay the loan.
 
7.13 	For the purposes of this clause 7, associated company and 
qualifying third party indemnity provision has the meaning given in Part 
10 of the Companies Act 2006.
 
8. 	INSURANCE

The Company has Directors and Officers liability insurance and it is 
intended to maintain such cover during the Appointment Period and 
thereafter as a past Director of the Company. The current programme for the 
Board incorporates a limit of £300 million within which £100m is reserved 
exclusively for Directors of the Company. A summary sheet for the current 
period of coverage is available from the Company Secretary.
 
9. 	COMPANYS DUTIES

The Company shall make available to you all documents and information which 
you reasonably require to enable you to perform your duties under the 
Appointment.
 
10. 	TERMINATION OF APPOINTMENT
 
10.1 	Your appointment will terminate forthwith if:
 
10.1.1 	the Board requests you not to offer yourself for election or 
re-election at the Next AGM; or
 
10.1.2 	you are not elected or re-elected at the Next AGM at which you are 
put forward for election or re-election; or
 
10.1.3 	you are required to vacate office for any reason pursuant to any of 
the provisions of the Articles; or
 
10.1.4 	you are removed as a Director or otherwise required to vacate 
office under any applicable law.
 
10.2 	On termination of your appointment you will be entitled to any 
accrued but unpaid Directors fees but not to any compensation.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.3 	On the termination of your appointment:
 
10.3.1 	you will at the request of the Company (where relevant) resign (in 
writing) from the office of Director and you irrevocably authorise the 
Company as your attorney in your name and on your behalf by to sign all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to this;
 
10.3.2 	you will surrender to an authorised representative of the Company 
all correspondence, documents (including without limitation Board minutes 
and Board papers), copies thereof or other property of the BAT Group made 
or received by you in the course of your directorship (whether before or 
after the date of this letter);
 
10.3.3 	you hereby agree that you shall not be entitled to and shall not 
pursue any action or claim for compensation from the Company whether such 
termination occurs before or after the date of expiry of your Appointment 
Period.
 
11. 	DEFINITIONS

In this letter:
 
11.1 	Articles means the articles of association from time to time of the 
Company;
 
11.2 	BAT Group means the Company, any holding company of the Company and 
any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company or of any such holding 
company (with holding company and subsidiary having the meanings ascribed 
to them by the Companies Act 2006), and any other company or business 
entity in which the company or any other BAT Group Company owns or has a 
beneficial interest in 20% or more of the issued share capital or of the 
capital assets;
 
11.3 	Board means the board of Directors of the Company;
 
11.4 	Companies Act 2006 means the Companies Act 2006, as in force from 
time to time;
 
11.5 	Company means British American Tobacco p.l.c. (Company No. 
3407696);
 
11.6 	Confidential Information includes confidential information relating 
or belonging to the Company or other BAT Group companies including but not 
limited to any such information relating to customers, customer lists or 
requirements, price lists or pricing structures, sales and marketing 
information, activities, business plans or dealings, employees or officers, 
source codes and computer systems, software, financial information and 
plans, designs, formulae, prototypes, product lines, services, research 
activities or results, any document marked confidential (or with a 
similar expression), or any information which you have been told is 
confidential or which you might reasonably expect the Company would regard 
as confidential, or any information which has been given to the Company or 
any BAT Group company in confidence by customers, suppliers or other 
persons.
 
11.7 	Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules means the Disclosure 
Guidance and Transparency Rules published by the FCA;
 
11.8 	EU Market Abuse Regulation and Implementing Regulations, means the 
EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) together with such applicable 
implementation regulations as may be published and in force from time to 
time;
 
11.9 	FCA means the Financial Conduct Authority;
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11.10 	JSE Listings Requirements means the Listings Requirements 
published by the JSE Limited, as may be applicable from time-to-time in 
respect of the secondary listing of the Companys ordinary shares on the 
JSE Limited in South Africa;
 
11.11 	Listing Rules means the Listing Rules published by the FCA;
 
11.12 	Prospectus Rules means the Prospectus Rules published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority;
 
11.13 	Travel and Expenses Policy means the BAT Group UK travel and 
expenses policy from time to time applicable to the Company  the T&E 
Policy;
 
11.14 	UK Corporate Governance Code means the principles of good 
governance published by the Financial Reporting Council being the UK 
Corporate Governance Code.
 
12. 	MISCELLANEOUS
 
12.1 	The various provisions and sub-provisions of this letter are 
severable and if any provision or sub-provision is held to be unenforceable 
by any court of competent jurisdiction then such unenforceability shall not 
affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions or sub-provisions in 
this Agreement.
 
12.2 	You represent and warrant that you are not prevented by any 
agreement, arrangement, contract, understanding, Court Order or otherwise, 
which in any way directly or indirectly restricts or prohibits you from 
fully performing the duties under the Appointment, in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of this letter.
 
12.3 	Any notice to be given under the terms of this letter shall, in the 
case of notice to the Company, be deemed to be given if delivered by hand, 
sent by first class post to the registered office for the time being of the 
Company or sent by email to the Company Secretary and, in the case of 
notice to you, if handed to you personally, sent to your BAT email address 
or left at or sent by first class post to your last known address. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to be given at the time of its delivery to the 
address if delivered by hand or, if sent by first class post or e-mailed, 
on the next following weekday (not being a public holiday) after it was 
posted or e-mailed.
 
12.4 	The benefit of each of your obligations under paragraphs 5 and 6 of 
this letter may be assigned to and enforced by all successors and assignees 
for the time being of the Company and other BAT Group companies and such 
agreements and obligations shall operate and remain binding notwithstanding 
the termination of this Appointment.
 
12.5 	Any reference in this letter to an Act of Parliament shall be deemed 
to include any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof.
 
12.6 	Otherwise than as set out elsewhere in this letter, a person who is 
not a party to the agreement contained in this letter shall not have any 
rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Letter.
 
12.7 	The terms of this Agreement are governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of England.
 
12.8 	
Without prejudice to any rights of either party to seek injunctive or 
declaratory relief in the Courts, and without prejudice to your statutory 
rights, the Company and you agree that on the occurrence of any dispute 
concerning interpretation or application of this Agreement, the help of the 
Centre for Dispute Resolution (CEDR) will be sought to resolve the dispute 
in
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 private by means of alternative dispute resolution (ADR). Either party 
may refer the matter to CEDR in which event both parties will fully 
co-operate in the process which CEDR may propose. There shall be no 
obligation on you to continue to participate in the ADR process after 90 
days from the date of referral of the dispute to CEDR.

Kindly confirm your agreement to the terms set out above by signing the 
endorsement on the enclosed copy of this letter. Please return the copy to 
me at the above address.
 
Yours sincerely
 
[Name]
Company Secretary
For and on behalf of
British American Tobacco p.l.c
SIGNED by
 
Pedro Malan

Dated this      day of             [Year]
 
11