 EX-10.13 6 filename6.htm
EXHIBIT 10.13
 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
SUPPLY AGREEMENT
(LZ#49700)
 
This SUPPLY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of September 
29, 2015 (the Effective Date), by and between BRAEBURN PHARMACEUTICALS, 
INC., a Delaware corporation (Braeburn), and LUBRIZOL ADVANCED MATERIALS, 
INC., a Delaware corporation (Lubrizol).  Braeburn and Lubrizol are 
sometimes herein referred to individually as a Party and together as the 
Parties.
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, Braeburn specializes in long-acting treatment options for 
individuals with serious neurological and psychiatric disorders;
 
WHEREAS, Braeburn is developing an implantable drug delivery system (as 
further defined below, the IDDS Product), including a specific 
application of the IDDS where risperidone is used as the API (as further 
defined below, the Risperidone IDDS Product) and, independently and in 
conjunction with IDDS Commercial Partners (as further defined below), other 
applications with different API, and desires to use Lubrizols implantable 
thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) resin and tubing product as an 
excipient in the Risperidone IDDS Product and other IDDS Products; and
 
WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, 
Braeburn desires to purchase the TPU product (as defined further below, the 
Product) exclusively from Lubrizol for use as an excipient in the 
Risperidone IDDS Product and other IDDS Products, and Lubrizol desires to 
manufacture and sell Product to Braeburn on an exclusive basis for use in 
IDDS Products protected by Braeburn IP (as defined further below), subject 
to the terms and conditions set forth below.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and of the 
mutual covenants of the Parties hereinafter set forth, the Parties hereto 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE 1
 
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1                               Definitions.  As used in this Agreement, 
the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:
 
Active Ingredient shall have the meaning given to it in Title 21 of the 
U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Part 201.
 
Affiliate means any Person which directly or indirectly through one (1) 
or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common 
control with a Party.  A Person shall be deemed to control another Person 
if it (a) owns, directly or indirectly, beneficially or legally, at least 
fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting securities or capital stock 
(or such lesser
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
percentage which is the maximum allowed to be owned by a Person in a 
particular jurisdiction) of such other Person, or has other comparable 
ownership interest with respect to any Person other than a corporation; or 
(b) has the power, whether pursuant to contract, ownership of securities or 
otherwise, to direct the management and policies of the Person.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following entities shall not be 
considered Affiliates of Braeburn:  Apple Tree Partners IV, L.P., Apple 
Tree Partners III, L.P. and their portfolio companies.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. shall not be considered an Affiliate of 
The Lubrizol Corporation.
 
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
Alternate Facility has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.
 
API means any substance or mixture of substances intended to be used in 
the manufacture of a drug product and that, when used in the production of 
a drug, becomes an active ingredient in the drug product; such substances 
are intended to furnish pharmacological activity or other direct effect in 
the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease or to 
affect the structure and function of the body.
 
Applicable Laws means, with respect to any jurisdiction, individually and 
collectively, any federal, state, local, national and supra-national laws, 
treaties, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations, directives, orders, 
guidelines and guidances, including those generated by the agencies or 
instrumentalities of such jurisdiction, including securities listing 
organizations, that are in effect from time to time during the Term and 
applicable to a particular activity hereunder.
 
Backup Resin has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(c).
 
Backup Supply has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(b).
 
Binding Portion has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.
 
Braeburn has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
Braeburn IP has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.
 
Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday on which 
banking institutions in New York, New York are open for business.
 
Change in Control means with respect to any Party any of the following 
events:  (a) any Third Party (or group of Third Parties acting in concert) 
becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of 
the total voting power of the stock then outstanding of such Party normally 
entitled to vote in elections of directors; (b) such Party consolidates 
with or merges into a Third Party or any Third Party consolidates with or 
merges into such Party, in either event pursuant to a transaction in which 
more than 50% of the total voting power of the stock outstanding of the 
surviving entity normally entitled to vote in elections of directors is not 
held by the Persons holding at least 50% of the total outstanding shares of 
such Party preceding such consolidation or merger; or (c) such Party 
conveys, transfers or leases all or substantially all of its assets 
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement to a Third Party.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.
 
Confidential Information has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1 (a).
 
Controls or Controlled means possession of the ability to grant the 
licenses or sublicenses as provided herein without violating the terms of 
any agreement or other arrangement with any Third Party.
 
CTD Format has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.
 
Delivery Point has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.
 
Disclosing Party has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a).
 
DMF has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.
 
Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
EMA means the European Medicines Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal 
Products of the European Union, or any successor agency thereto.
 
European Commission means the executive body of the European Union that 
has legal authority to grant marketing authorization approvals for 
pharmaceutical products in the European Union following scientific 
evaluation and recommendation from the EMA or other applicable Regulatory 
Authorities.
 
European Union means all countries that are officially recognized as 
member states of the European Union, including their territories and 
possessions, at any particularly time during the Term, presently including: 
 Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, 
Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, 
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, 
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and United Kingdom.
 
Excipient means an inactive ingredient, as defined in Title 21 of the 
U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Part 201.
 
Extension Term has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.
 
FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or any successor entity 
thereto.
 
Field of Use means [***].
 
Forecast has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.
 
GMP has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.
 
GMP Product means [***].
 
GMP Supply has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
IDDS Commercial Partner means any Third Party to whom Braeburn has 
licensed rights to Braeburn IP to develop an IDDS Product to deliver API 
for one or more therapeutic indications.
 
IDDS Product means [***].
 
Improvement means all discoveries, developments, modifications, 
innovations, updates, enhancements and improvements (whether or not 
proprietary or protectable under patent, trademark, copyright or similar 
Applicable Laws).
 
Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.
 
IPEC means the International Pharmaceutical Excipients Council.
 
Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.
 
Lubrizol has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
Manufacturing Facility has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.
 
Module 3 Information has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.
 
NDA means any new drug application filed with the FDA pursuant to Part 
314 of Title 21 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations seeking Regulatory 
Approval of an IDDS Product, and all amendments and supplements thereto 
filed with the FDA.
 
Net Sales means, [***].
 
Nonconforming Product has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(a).
 
Nonconformity has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(a).
 
Non-GMP Product means [***].
 
Non-GMP Supply has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.
 
Party and Parties have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
Person means any individual, partnership, joint venture, limited 
liability company, corporation, firm, trust, association, unincorporated 
organization, governmental authority or agency, or any other entity not 
specifically listed herein.
 
PO has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.
 
PQG means the Pharmaceutical Quality Group.
 
Product means GMP Product or Non-GMP Product.
 
Product Requirements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b).
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
Quality Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.
 
Receiving Party has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.
 
Regulatory Approval means any official approval or authorization by the 
FDA or other Regulatory Authority that is legally required to lawfully 
import, market, sell, offer for sale and distribute any IDDS Product in a 
jurisdiction, including approval of an NDA by the FDA or the marketing 
authorization granted by the European Commission or the competent 
authorities of the European Union.
 
Regulatory Authority means any national, supranational, regional, state 
or local regulatory agency or competent authority, department, bureau, 
commission, council or other governmental entity with whom Lubrizol is able 
to conduct business that is involved in granting Regulatory Approval.
 
Regulatory Filing means any investigational new drug application, or IND, 
IND annual report, DMF or report related thereto, NDA, marketing 
authorization application, or other filing with a Regulatory Authority in 
any jurisdiction that may reasonably be expected to affect the Product.
 
Required Improvement has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.
 
Risperidone IDDS Product means [***].
 
Royalty-Bearing Product means [***].
 
Royalty Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4(b).
 
Royalty Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4(b).
 
Royalty Term means, with respect to each Royalty-Bearing Product, on a 
country-by-country basis, the period beginning on the first commercial sale 
of that product and ending on the earlier of (a) the later of (i) the 
expiration of the last valid claim in an issued patent owned or controlled 
by Braeburn claiming the Royalty-Bearing Product, and (ii) the expiration 
of the last marketing exclusivity covering the Royalty-Bearing Product 
granted by a Regulatory Authority, and (b) the approval by a Regulatory 
Authority of an abbreviated new drug application (or any non-US equivalent) 
for a product with the Royalty-Bearing Product as the reference product.
 
Safety Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.
 
Significant Change has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6.
 
Specifications has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(a).
 
Supply Failure means [***].
 
Term has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
Third Party means any Person other than Lubrizol or Braeburn or an 
Affiliate of Lubrizol or Braeburn.
 
TPU has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
 
TPU Improvements has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.
 
Wilmington Facility has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.
 
ARTICLE 2
 
REQUIREMENTS; PRODUCT ORDERS
 
2.1                               Requirements Contract; Exclusivity.  
Except as provided in Section 2.6, during the Term and subject to the terms 
and conditions in this Agreement, Braeburn shall exclusively purchase from 
Lubrizol, and Lubrizol shall supply to Braeburn, all of Braeburns 
requirements for GMP Product in the Field of Use for (a) use in clinical 
trials for IDDS Products, and (b) use in the manufacture of IDDS Products 
(collectively, the GMP Supply).  Lubrizol shall also supply to Braeburn, 
from time to time as reasonably requested by Braeburn, Non-GMP Product for 
research purposes by Braeburn or Braeburns Third Party commercial partners 
but not for use in human clinical trials (the Non-GMP Supply).  Lubrizol 
shall [***] in accordance with Section 3.2 (each, a Manufacturing Facility
).  [***].
 
2.2                               Forecasts.  Within [***] days after the 
Effective Date, Braeburn shall deliver to Lubrizol a forecast of its 
anticipated requirements for the Product for [***] (the Forecast).  No 
later than [***].  Except for the first calendar quarter of each Forecast, 
which shall be binding on the Parties (the Binding Portion).  Forecasts 
shall be nonbinding and used and relied upon by Lubrizol only for 
Lubrizols internal capacity planning purposes, including calculation of 
the quantities required for Backup Supply and Backup Resin.
 
2.3                               Purchase Orders.  All purchases of the 
Product shall be pursuant to purchase orders (each, a PO) submitted by 
Braeburn to Lubrizol which shall specify (a) which Product to be ordered 
(e.g., the GMP Product or Non-GMP Product), (b) the quantity of Product 
ordered, and (c) the requested delivery date, which shall be no less than 
[***] days after submission of the PO.  POs may be changed only by the 
mutual written agreement of the Parties.  The minimum quantity of Supply 
that may be ordered in any individual PO is [***].  [***].  This Agreement 
sets forth the exclusive contract terms between the Parties with respect 
to, and shall apply to, all orders of the Product.  Any terms in any PO, 
order form, invoice or other notice submitted by either Party to the other 
Party that are different from or additional to the provisions of this 
Section 2.3 shall be null and void notwithstanding Lubrizols delivery of, 
and Braeburns acceptance of, Product under any PO, order form, invoice or 
other notice containing such terms.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
2.4                               Shipment; Delivery.  Product shall be 
packaged [***] in accordance with mutually agreed terms.  Lubrizol shall 
deliver the Product no more than [***] days before or after the requested 
date of delivery specified in the PO, provided such Product has been 
previously validated by Lubrizol.  [***].
 
2.5                               Capacity.  Lubrizol shall maintain 
capacity adequate to fulfill the Product requirements of Braeburn as 
specified in the Binding Portion of the [***].  [***].  To help prevent a 
Supply Failure, Lubrizol shall maintain a minimum inventory of the finished 
Product for use in the Risperidone IDDS Product and each other IDDS Product 
for which a Forecast has been provided in its warehouse at all times during 
the Term specifically designated for use by Braeburn (Safety Stock), and 
to maintain Backup Supply and Backup Resin as provided in Section 2.6 
below.  Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, the minimum 
inventory required as Safety Stock shall be [***].  Lubrizol hereby agrees 
to give timely notice to Braeburn of any event that would reasonably be 
expected to adversely affect Lubrizols capacity or ability to deliver the 
Product in accordance with the Binding Portion of the [***] or this 
Agreement.  In the event of termination by Braeburn prior to the end of the 
Term pursuant to Section 10.3, Braeburn agrees to pay Lubrizol for the 
Safety Stock and, at Braeburns sole discretion, either take possession of 
the Safety Stock, or direct Lubrizol to dispose of the Safety Stock.  
Braeburn shall have the unilateral right to direct Lubrizol to lower the 
quantity of Safety Stock by written notice to Lubrizol, but both Parties 
must agree to any increase in the quantity of Safety Stock.  Braeburns 
obligation to pay for Safety Stock following notice of a reduction in the 
amount of Safety Stock to be maintained shall extend to the full quantity 
of Safety Stock maintained by Lubrizol until the Safety Stock is decreased 
by fulfillment of POs to the new quantity established by written notice by 
Braeburn.
 
2.6                               Preservation of Supply.
 
(a)                                 As described in Section 2.1, it is the 
intent of the Parties that Lubrizol shall exclusively supply Braeburn with 
GMP Product for use in the Field of Use during the Term and on the terms 
and conditions set forth in this Agreement.  It is also the intent of the 
Parties that Lubrizol shall ensure that there is no interruption in 
provision of Supply due to a temporary interruption in manufacturing 
ability or capacity at the Manufacturing Facility, including any damage to 
the Manufacturing Facility outside of Lubrizols reasonable control.  The 
Parties acknowledge that when there are decreases in demand, the quantities 
of Backup Supply and Backup Resin will be higher than otherwise required 
based on the prior Forecast until the Safety Stock is equalized to meet a 
lower demand level.
 
(b)                                 In addition to GMP Product and non-GMP 
Product manufactured to satisfy a PO pursuant to Section 2.3, and in 
addition to the maintenance of Safety Stock pursuant to Section 2.5, 
Lubrizol agrees to manufacture and preserve a separate [***] inventory of 
finished GMP Product for use in the Risperidone IDDS Product and each other 
IDDS Product for which a Forecast has been provided that will be stored in 
a secure, commercial warehouse separate from the Manufacturing Facility 
campus (the Backup Supply).  The precise quantity of finished GMP 
Product to be preserved as Backup Supply shall be no less than the total 
amount of finished GMP Product specified for the third and fourth quarters 
in the most recent Forecast provided by Braeburn.  [***].  In the event of 
termination by Braeburn prior to the end of the Term, Braeburn agrees to 
pay Lubrizol for the Backup Supply and, at Braeburns sole
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
discretion, either take possession of the Backup Supply or direct Lubrizol 
to dispose of the Backup Supply.
 
(c)                                  In addition to maintenance of Backup 
Supply, Lubrizol shall manufacture and preserve [***] (the Backup Resin
).  The [***].  The Backup Resin shall be actively managed by Lubrizol 
[***].  In the event of termination by Braeburn prior to the end of the 
Term, Braeburn agrees to pay Lubrizol for the Backup Resin [***].
 
(d)                                 Notwithstanding any contrary term in 
this Agreement.  [***].
 
ARTICLE 3
 
PRODUCT REQUIREMENTS; REGULATORY MATTERS
 
3.1                               GMP Qualification Activities.  Lubrizol 
agrees to manufacture GMP Product at its Manufacturing Facility according 
to current good manufacturing practices [***], or, if such guide is updated 
in a subsequent published version, the most recent version (GMP).  
Lubrizol shall, at its sole cost, update its manufacturing processes as may 
be required to maintain compliance with GMP.  Lubrizol shall also obtain 
and maintain GMP certification for making the Product at its Manufacturing 
Facility by a Third Party when and if required by Applicable Laws.  
Lubrizol further agrees to incorporate any additional manufacturing 
practices at its Manufacturing Facility as may be required by a Regulatory 
Authority specific to the Excipient to support Regulatory Approval for an 
IDDS containing the Product, provided that Braeburn shall bear the costs of 
incorporating any such manufacturing practices that exceed GMP as defined 
herein on a pass-through cost basis.  Braeburn agrees that Lubrizol shall 
determine the specific changes in manufacturing practices related to the 
excipient required to meet specifications by a Regulatory Authority based 
on Lubrizols technical expertise, provided that Lubrizol ensures that 
manufacturing practices are implemented to ensure Regulatory Approval by a 
Regulatory Authority in a cost-effective manner.
 
3.2                               Use of Alternate Facility.  [***].
 
3.3                               Product Warranty; Product Requirements; 
Recall Notices; Nonconforming Products.
 
(a)                                 Product Warranty.  Lubrizol warrants 
that Products supplied to Braeburn under this Agreement shall, when 
delivered to Braeburn, conform with the specifications set forth in 
Exhibit B, as may be amended from time to time by mutual agreement (the 
Specifications).  A Product that does not conform with the Specifications 
set forth at Exhibit B at the time it is delivered to Braeburn is referred 
to in this Agreement as a Nonconforming Product, and such Product shall 
be regarded as having a Nonconformity. Specifications for GMP Products 
and Non-GMP Products may be changed in connection with a Required 
Improvement under Article 5.  Braeburn acknowledges that any change in 
Specifications that requires a new validation would require [***] to 
produce Product batches consistent with revised
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
Specifications, which shall be set forth in an amendment to Exhibit B.  For 
avoidance of doubt, Braeburn expressly acknowledges that only GMP Products 
and Non-GMP Products shall be manufactured in accordance with the 
corresponding Specifications set forth in Exhibit B and under the trade 
names set forth in Section 1.1.  Lubrizol agrees to promptly notify 
Braeburn in writing after Lubrizol obtains knowledge of its delivery to 
Braeburn of any Nonconforming Product.
 
(b)                                 Product Requirements.  Products 
supplied by Lubrizol to Braeburn under this Agreement shall (i) be 
manufactured in accordance with Applicable Laws, the Quality Agreement, 
and, for GMP Products only, in compliance with GMP, and (ii) conform to the 
applicable PO (collectively, the Product Requirements).
 
(c)                                  Recall Notification.  Lubrizol shall 
notify Braeburn within (i) [***] of obtaining knowledge of any situation 
which may require a recall by Lubrizol of the GMP Product, and (ii) [***] 
of obtaining knowledge that any batch of Product has a Nonconformity.
 
(d)                                 Braeburns Acceptance Upon Delivery of 
Products.  [***].  If, within [***] days of delivery, Braeburn detects any 
Nonconformity, Braeburn shall give written notice to Lubrizol specifying 
the alleged Nonconformity.  The Parties agree to work in good faith to 
verify whether the Product in question has a Nonconformity.  Upon 
confirmation of a Nonconformity, Braeburn may select as its exclusive 
remedy, and Lubrizol shall provide at its expense, one of the following 
remedies within [***] days of receipt of Braeburns notice of such 
Nonconforming Product:  [***].
 
3.4                               Preparation and Filing of DMF and Module 
3 Information; Right of Reference.
 
(a)                                 Prior to the Effective Date, Lubrizol 
compiled a comprehensive Type IV drug master file dossier for the Product 
consistent with the International Conference on Harmonization Common 
Technical Document format (the CTD Format) (the DMF).  Within [***] 
days after the Effective Date, Lubrizol will deliver to Braeburn the full 
Module 3 Information (restricted and unrestricted) for the Product intended 
for use in the Risperidone IDDS Product in CTD Format (the Module 3 
Information).  Braeburn and its Affiliates and sublicensees shall have the 
right to review the content of the DMF and the Module 3 Information before 
the DMF is filed with any Regulatory Authorities or before Braeburn and its 
Affiliates and sublicensees decide to submit the Module 3 Information to 
any Regulatory Authorities; provided, that Braeburns sublicensees right 
to review the DMF and the Module 3 Information shall be contingent on such 
sublicensees entering into a long-term confidentiality agreement reasonably 
acceptable to Lubrizol.  Lubrizol shall make any changes to the DMF and 
provide any additional assistance that, in Braeburns reasonable 
determination, are required for Regulatory Approval of the Risperidone IDDS 
Product or other IDDS Products consistent with requirements applicable to 
the excipient.
 
(b)                                 Upon approval of the DMF and the Module 
3 Information by Braeburn, Lubrizol shall file the DMF with the FDA, (ii) 
duly fulfill all obligations of a holder of a Type IV drug master file 
dossier under Applicable Laws, (iii) provide letter(s) of authorization to 
Braeburn permitting Braeburn to reference the DMF for Braeburns FDA 
filings with respect to an IDDS Product, and (iv) expeditiously address any 
issues that may arise with respect to the DMF while the NDA is undergoing 
review by the FDA.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
(c)                                  Upon request of Braeburn, Lubrizol 
will provide Module 3 information to include in Braeburns application for 
Regulatory Approval with the EU and Japan.  Lubrizol further agrees to 
support Braeburns efforts to obtain Regulatory Approval from other 
Regulatory Authorities, including in China, Korea, and Taiwan, where there 
may not be established procedures for filing a DMF and protecting its 
confidentiality.  The Parties agree to work in good faith to determine 
mutually agreeable approaches to ensure protection of Lubrizols 
Confidential Information on a case-by-case basis with each such Regulatory 
Authority.
 
(d)                                 Upon request by Braeburn and upon the 
terms and restrictions of the foregoing Section 3.4(c).  Lubrizol shall 
provide letter(s) of authorization permitting the FDA or other Regulatory 
Authorities to reference and review the DMF in conjunction with the 
Regulatory Filings of a Third Party commercial partner of Braeburn to 
support Regulatory Approval for an IDDS Product.
 
3.5                               Quality Agreement.  Within [***] days 
after the Effective Date, the Parties shall enter into a quality agreement 
with respect to the Product consistent with the [***] (the Quality 
Agreement).  If there are discrepancies regarding quality issues between 
the Quality Agreement and this Supply Agreement, the Quality Agreement will 
control.
 
3.6                               Manufacturing Changes.  Except insofar as 
agreed by the Parties pursuant to the Quality Agreement, Lubrizol shall 
notify Braeburn as soon as practicable of any significant change to the 
manufacture of the Product as provided in the Significant Changes Protocol 
set forth in Exhibit D (each, a Significant Change).  Exhibit D may be 
updated from time to time by written agreement among the Parties in 
accordance with revisions to The IPEC Significant Change Guide for 
Pharmaceutical Excipients or as may be otherwise agreed among the Parties, 
including in accordance with Applicable Laws.  Lubrizol shall notify 
Braeburn of any Significant Change to the manufacturing procedures or 
processes for GMP Product.
 
3.7                               Compliance with Laws.  The Parties shall 
comply with all Applicable Laws that pertain to the activities for which 
each Party is responsible under this Agreement.
 
3.8                               Audits.  Braeburn shall have the right, 
at Braeburns expense and upon [***] days notice, to audit Lubrizols 
Manufacturing Facility and any other facilities that are used to 
manufacture and store the GMP Product or to maintain Backup Supply or 
Backup Resin, including to ensure GMP compliance.  Such audits will be 
conducted [***], provided that such designee has entered into a 
confidentiality agreement reasonably acceptable to Lubrizol.
 
3.9                               Inspections.  Lubrizol shall promptly (a) 
notify Braeburn of any Regulatory Authority inspection of its facilities 
that are used to manufacture or store GMP Product and the results thereof, 
and (b) provide Braeburn with redacted copies of all inspection-related 
reports, documents, materials and correspondence which Lubrizol receives, 
obtains or generates pursuant to any such inspection or in connection with 
any inquiries, communications or correspondence from any Regulatory 
Authorities and pertaining to GMP Product, including, without limitation, 
FDA Forms 483, warning letters or equivalent communications and any related 
correspondence with FDA.
 
3.10                        Complaint Handling.  Lubrizol shall cooperate 
fully with Braeburn in addressing Braeburns customer complaints that 
relate to GMP Product and shall take such action to
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
promptly resolve such complaints as may be reasonably requested by 
Braeburn.  Lubrizol is responsible for complying with all FDA and 
applicable foreign regulatory requirements pertaining to the receipt, 
review, evaluation, and, where applicable, investigation of all complaints 
received pertaining to GMP Product.  Braeburn is responsible for complying 
with all FDA and applicable foreign regulatory requirements pertaining to 
the receipt, review, evaluation, and where applicable, investigation of all 
complaints received pertaining to the IDDS Product and for the reporting of 
adverse events pertaining to the IDDS Product.  Each Party shall reasonably 
cooperate with the other Party to enable the other Party to fulfill such 
requirements.  Unless otherwise required by Applicable Law, Braeburn shall, 
within [***] of receipt of such information, provide adverse event and 
complaint information regarding GMP Product to Lubrizol, and Lubrizol 
shall, within [***] of receipt of such information, provide any complaint 
information it may receive regarding the IDDS Product to Braeburn.
 
3.11                        Insurance.  During the Term, Lubrizol shall 
maintain commercial general insurance or a program of self-insurance 
adequate to cover any Claims or Losses arising in connection with the 
manufacture or sale of GMP Product and until the date of delivery to 
Braeburn in coverage amounts consistent with normal business practices of 
prudent companies similarly situated.  Lubrizol shall provide Braeburn with 
written evidence of such insurance upon request.
 
3.12                        Integration of Product into IDDS Product.  
Braeburn shall be solely responsible for integrating the Product into the 
IDDS Product and manufacturing, packaging, labeling and selling the IDDS 
Product in accordance with Applicable Laws.
 
3.13                        Braeburn Notification of Certain Material 
Events.  During the Term, Braeburn shall [***] inform Lubrizol [***] of the 
occurrence of any the following events related to the IDDS Product:  (a) 
any material Regulatory Filing made with a Regulatory Authority, such as an 
investigational new drug application (IND), or an annual report; (b) any 
Regulatory Approval granted by a Regulatory Authority; and (c) the first 
sale of a Royalty-Bearing Product by Braeburn, its Affiliate or a 
sublicensee to a Third Party on arms length terms.
 
ARTICLE 4
 
FINANCIAL PROVISIONS
 
4.1                               Upfront Payment.  Within [***] days of 
receipt of an invoice from Lubrizol on or after the Effective Date, 
Braeburn shall pay to Lubrizol [***].  This upfront fee shall be 
non-refundable and non-creditable against any other payments due hereunder.
 
4.2                               Pricing; Invoices.  Braeburn shall pay to 
Lubrizol, [***].  The pricing set forth on Exhibit A shall be firm for 
[***].  After the [***] interval thereafter.  [***]  Lubrizol shall invoice 
Braeburn for [***].  Braeburn shall pay the full amount invoiced to it by 
Lubrizol in accordance with Section 4.5 within [***] days of the date of 
the invoice.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
4.3                               Milestone Payments.  Within [***] days of 
receipt of an invoice upon or after the achievement of each of the 
following milestones, Braeburn shall pay to Lubrizol the corresponding 
non-refundable, non-creditable payments set forth below in accordance with 
Section 4.5:
 
 
 
Milestone
 
Milestone
Payment
1.
 
[***]
 
[***]
2.
 
[***]
 
[***]
3.
 
[***]
 
[***]
4.
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
Braeburn shall provide Lubrizol with written notice of the achievement of 
milestones [***].  For the sake of clarity, Braeburn will pay each of 
milestones [***].  Milestones 1 and 2 shall each be paid [***].  Braeburn 
shall owe no payment for any milestone that is not achieved.
 
4.4                               Royalties.
 
(a)                                 Royalty Rate.  During the Royalty Term 
and on a Royalty-Bearing Product-by-Royalty-Bearing Product basis, Braeburn 
shall pay to Lubrizol a royalty at the rate of [***] on Net Sales of 
Royalty-Bearing Products.
 
(b)                                 Royalty Reports.  Within [***].
 
(c)                                  Royalty Payment.  [***].
 
4.5                               Payment Method.  All amounts specified 
in, and all payments to be made under, this Agreement shall be in United 
States Dollars.  [***].
 
4.6                               Taxes.
 
(a)                                 Payment of Tax.  The prices set forth 
on Exhibit A are exclusive of any customs charges and taxes, including 
value added taxes, all of which are the sole cost, expense and 
responsibility of Braeburn.  If Applicable Laws require that taxes be 
deducted and withheld from a payment made by Braeburn to Lubrizol pursuant 
to this Article 4, Braeburn shall (i) deduct those taxes from the payment, 
(ii) pay the taxes to the proper taxing authority, and (iii) send evidence 
of the obligation together with proof of payment to Lubrizol within [***] 
following that payment.
 
(b)                                 Cooperation; Tax Residence Certificate
.  The Parties shall cooperate and use reasonable efforts to reduce the 
taxes attributable to the payments made hereunder.  In addition, Lubrizol 
shall provide Braeburn any tax forms that may be reasonably necessary in 
order for Braeburn not to withhold tax or to withhold tax at a reduced rate 
under any applicable bilateral income tax treaty, including appropriate 
certification from relevant revenue authorities that Lubrizol is a tax 
resident of a jurisdiction that is a party to such income tax treaty.  Upon 
the receipt thereof, any deduction and withholding of taxes shall be made 
at the appropriate treaty tax rate.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
(c)                                  Assessment.  Lubrizol or Braeburn may, 
at its own expense, protest any assessment, proposed assessment, or other 
claim by any governmental authority for any additional amount of taxes, 
interest or penalties or seek a refund of such amounts paid if permitted to 
do so by Applicable Laws.  The other Party shall reasonably cooperate with 
the protesting Party, at its request and expense, in any protest by 
providing records and such additional information as may reasonably be 
necessary for such Party to pursue such protest.
 
4.7                               Records Audit.  Braeburn shall maintain, 
and shall require its Affiliates to maintain, complete and accurate records 
in sufficient detail to permit Lubrizol to confirm the accuracy of the 
calculation of Net Sales and royalties.  Upon at least [***] prior written 
notice, [***], Braeburn shall, and shall require its Affiliates to, make 
such records available [***], by an independent certified public accountant 
from a nationally recognized firm in the United States selected by Lubrizol 
and reasonably acceptable to Braeburn, for the sole purpose of verifying 
the accuracy of the Royalty Reports furnished by Braeburn pursuant to this 
Agreement; provided, that Braeburn may require such accountant(s) to enter 
into a customary confidentiality agreement for arrangements of such type.  
Such accountants shall disclose to Lubrizol, with a copy to Braeburn, only 
whether the Net Sales and Royalty Payments hereunder are correct or 
incorrect.  With respect to royalties and other payments owed to Lubrizol 
hereunder, any amounts shown to be owed but unpaid shall be paid within 
[***].  Any amounts shown to have been overpaid shall be refunded within 
[***].  [***].  Lubrizol shall hold all information disclosed to it under 
this Section 4.7 as Confidential Information of Braeburn.
 
ARTICLE 5
 
REQUIRED PRODUCT IMPROVEMENTS
 
5.1                               General.  The Parties intend for the GMP 
Product to be used by Braeburn, or an IDDS Commercial Partner, as an 
Excipient in an IDDS Product that contains one or more other components as 
API, and, accordingly, that Lubrizol shall only be required to meet 
Regulatory Authority manufacturing requirements applicable to Excipients.  
The Parties acknowledge that that either Party may identify a GMP Product 
defect, or otherwise raise a concern about GMP Product integrity, safety, 
quality, or regulatory compliance that requires a GMP Product modification 
to meet applicable requirements imposed by a Regulatory Authority as a 
condition to obtain or maintain Regulatory Approval for an IDDS Product, 
and which may necessitate a change in Specifications (each a Required 
Improvement).  [***].
 
5.2                               Implementation of Required Improvements.  
The Parties agree to work in good faith immediately upon the identification 
by either Party of a potential Required Improvement to find the most 
cost-effective solution.  The Parties further acknowledge that Lubrizols 
technical expertise shall be given priority in evaluating potential 
Required Improvements and determining the optimal solutions.  Lubrizol 
agrees to implement as soon as possible any Required Improvement that 
Braeburn reports to Lubrizol as necessary to obtain or maintain Regulatory 
Approval for an IDDS Product, provided that Braeburn bears all costs for 
improvements that require manufacturing processes that exceed GMP, 
consistent with Section 3.1.  Lubrizol shall provide reasonable reports 
regarding Lubrizols implementation progress to Braeburn upon Braeburns 
request.  Lubrizol shall update the DMF and the Module 3 Information and 
provide copies of such documentation to Braeburn upon implementation of the 
Required Improvement.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
5.3                               Regulatory Determination.  The Parties 
agree to work in good faith to implement any changes to the manufacture of 
GMP Product that may be necessary to support Regulatory Approval.  The 
Parties shall be jointly responsible for making the final decision as to 
whether a Significant Change may be implemented for the GMP Product in 
accordance with Section 3.6 and Exhibit D.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Lubrizol agrees to discuss with Braeburn any suggested Significant Change 
if such change is required by a Regulatory Authority.  Lubrizol is not 
permitted to make any Significant Change that affects the GMP Product 
without notifying Braeburn, except as may be authorized in a separate 
Quality Agreement among the Parties.  Braeburn shall be solely responsible 
for making the final determination as to whether such changes require 
Regulatory Approval for IDDS Products prior to implementation and for 
filing and obtaining any required Regulatory Approvals for IDDS Products, 
as necessary.
 
ARTICLE 6
 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
 
6.1                               Ownership of Improvements.  Any rights in 
Improvements that relate exclusively to the TPU polymer matrix, TPU resin 
and/or TPU tubing included within the Product (the TPU Improvements), 
shall be owned solely by Lubrizol.  Braeburn shall, and shall cause its 
Affiliates and sublicensees to, assign all ownership rights in the TPU 
Improvements to Lubrizol.  Any rights in all other Improvements to the IDDS 
Product made by Braeburn, its Affiliates and/or its sublicensees shall be 
owned solely by Braeburn, its Affiliates and/or its sublicensees.
 
6.2                               Braeburn IP.  All intellectual property 
rights owned by Braeburn prior to the Effective Date, including, without 
limitation, rights to the patents relating to the IDDS Product set forth on 
Exhibit C (the Braeburn IP), shall be and remain the property of 
Braeburn, and Lubrizol shall not acquire any rights therein.  Lubrizol 
agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, not to (a) infringe the 
Braeburn IP, (b) [***], and (c) directly or indirectly initiate or 
prosecute any lawsuit or any other civil or administrative proceeding, or 
make any claim or counterclaim, of any kind in any court, tribunal, agency 
or governmental entity anywhere in the world challenging the validity or 
enforceability of the Braeburn IP.
 
ARTICLE 7
 
CONFIDENTIALITY; PUBLICITY
 
7.1                               Confidentiality; Exceptions.
 
(a)                                 Confidential Information.  Except to 
the extent expressly authorized by this Agreement or otherwise agreed in 
writing, including the long-term Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement (LZ#48464) 
with an effective date of September 1, 2015, the Parties agree that the 
receiving Party (the Receiving Party) will keep confidential and will not 
publish or otherwise disclose or use for any purpose other than as provided 
for in this Agreement any confidential or proprietary information and 
materials, patentable or otherwise, in any form (written, oral, 
photographic, electronic, magnetic, or otherwise), which are disclosed to 
it by the other Party (the Disclosing Party) or otherwise received or 
accessed by a Receiving Party in the course
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
of performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement 
(collectively, Confidential Information), except to the extent that it 
can be established by the Receiving Party that such Confidential 
Information:
 
    (i)                                     was in the lawful knowledge and
    possession of the Receiving Party prior to the time it was disclosed
    to, or learned by, the Receiving Party, or was otherwise developed
    independently by or for the Receiving Party, as evidenced by written
    records kept in the ordinary course of business, or other documentary
    proof of actual knowledge by the Receiving Party;
 
    (ii)                                  was generally available to the
    public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its
    disclosure to the Receiving Party:
 
    (iii)                               became generally available to the
    public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure and
    other than through any act or omission of the Receiving Party in breach
    of this Agreement; or
 
    (iv)                              was disclosed to the Receiving Party,
    other than under an obligation of confidentiality, by a Third Party who
    had no obligation to the Disclosing Party not to disclose such
    information to others.
 
(b)                                 Authorized Disclosure.  Except as 
otherwise provided in this Agreement, a Receiving Party may use and 
disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party as follows:
 
    (i)                                     under appropriate
    confidentiality provisions substantially equivalent to those in this
    Agreement, in connection with the performance of its obligations or
    exercise of rights granted or reserved in this Agreement;
 
    (ii)                                  to the extent such disclosure is
    reasonably necessary in filing or prosecuting patent, copyright and
    trademark applications, prosecuting or defending litigation, complying
    with applicable governmental regulations, obtaining Regulatory
    Approval, conducting pre-clinical activities or clinical trials, in the
    case of Braeburn marketing IDDS Products, or otherwise required by
    Applicable Laws; provided, that if a Receiving Party is required by
    Applicable Laws to make any such disclosure of a Disclosing Partys
    Confidential Information it will, to the extent legally permissible,
    (1) except where impracticable, give reasonable advance notice to the
    Disclosing Party of such disclosure requirement, (2) upon the request
    of the Disclosing Party, use its reasonable efforts to secure
    confidential treatment of such Confidential Information required to be
    disclosed, and (3) only disclose that portion of the Confidential
    Information required to be disclosed by Applicable Laws;
 
    (iii)                               to existing or prospective
    investors, advisors, collaborators, (sub)licensees, partners or joint
    venturers, in each case under appropriate confidentiality provisions
    substantially equivalent to those of this Agreement; and
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
    (iv)                              as reasonably required under the
    circumstances, to a Third Party in connection with (1) a Change in
    Control, or (2) to the extent mutually agreed in writing by the
    Parties.
 
In each of the above authorized disclosures, the Receiving Party shall 
remain responsible for any failure by any Person who receives the 
Confidential Information from the Receiving Party pursuant to this Section 
7.1(b) to treat such Confidential Information as required under this 
Article 7.
 
7.2                               Prior Secrecy Agreement.  As of the 
Effective Date, this Agreement supersedes the Secrecy Agreement, executed 
as of June 3,2010, between Lubrizol and Endo Pharmaceuticals Inc., which 
agreement was assigned by Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Braeburn.  All 
information exchanged between the Parties prior to the Effective Date 
and/or under such Secrecy Agreement will be deemed Confidential Information 
hereunder and will be subject to the terms of this Article 7.
 
7.3                               Survival of Obligations.  The obligations 
set forth in this Article 7 shall survive the termination of this Agreement 
for a period of [***] years.
 
7.4                               Return of Confidential Information.  
Within [***] days after the termination of this Agreement, the Receiving 
Party shall (and shall cause its employees, agents and Affiliates to) 
return to the Disclosing Party or destroy all documents and tangible items 
then in its possession which it has received from the Disclosing Party or 
any Affiliate or representative thereof that include or incorporate or 
contain any of the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information, as well as 
all copies, summaries, records, descriptions, modifications, and 
duplications that it, or any of its Affiliates employees or agents, has 
made from the documents or tangible items received from the Disclosing 
Party or any Affiliate or representative thereof; provided, however, that 
the Receiving Party may retain one copy of Confidential Information in its 
legal files solely to permit the Receiving Party to continue to comply with 
its obligations hereunder and, in addition, may upon notice to the 
Disclosing Party, retain in its legal files or in the office of outside 
legal counsel one copy of any document solely for use in any pending legal 
proceeding to which such document relates.
 
7.5                               Publicity.  Except as required by 
Applicable Law, neither Party shall use the others name or refer to it 
directly or indirectly in an advertisement, news release or release to any 
professional or trade publication without written approval from such Party, 
which approval may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
 
ARTICLE 8
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
8.1                               Representations and Warranties of the 
Parties.  Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party as of the 
Effective Date as follows:
 
(a)                                 such Party is (i) duly organized and 
validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or 
formation, (ii) has all necessary corporate power and authority to
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
carry on its business as presently being conducted, and (iii) has all 
necessary power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this 
Agreement;
 
(b)                                 the execution, delivery and performance 
of this Agreement by such Party has been duly and validly authorized by all 
necessary action by such Party and this Agreement constitutes the legal, 
valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in 
accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization and other similar laws and equitable principles 
relating to or limiting creditors rights generally; and
 
(c)                                  the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement by such Party will not conflict with, result 
in the breach of, violate the provisions of, or constitute a default under 
Applicable Law or any agreement to which such Party, its officers, 
director, agents or employees are parties, or by which such Party, its 
officers, directors, agents or employees is, or may be, bound.
 
8.2                               Representations of Lubrizol.  Lubrizol 
represents to Braeburn as follows:
 
(a)                                 As of the Effective Date and during the 
Term, Lubrizol represents that it owns or Controls all of the rights, title 
and interest in and to the intellectual property covering or claiming the 
Product and has the right to manufacture the Product and supply the Product 
to Braeburn in accordance with this Agreement without violating the terms 
of any agreement or arrangement with any Third Party.
 
(b)                                 As of the Effective Date, Lubrizol 
represents that, to Lubrizols knowledge, there are no settled, pending or 
threatened claims, lawsuits or legal proceedings of a Third Party against 
Lubrizol alleging that the intellectual property covering or claiming the 
Product misappropriates or infringes, in part or in whole, the intellectual 
property or intellectual property rights of such Third Party.
 
(c)                                  As of the Effective Date and during 
the term, Lubrizol represents that, to Lubrizols knowledge, it has not 
granted and will not grant any right to any Third Party relating to the 
Product that would conflict or interfere with any of the rights granted to 
Braeburn hereunder.
 
(d)                                 As of the Effective Date, Lubrizol 
represents that, to Lubrizols knowledge, no actions are pending before any 
court or governmental agency or other tribunal relating to the Product;
 
(e)                                  As of the Effective Date and during 
the Term, Lubrizol represents that the manufacturing facilities owned or 
operated by Lubrizol and the processes utilized by Lubrizol for the 
manufacture of the Product, and, to the knowledge of Lubrizol, the 
manufacturing facilities owned or operated by Lubrizols subcontractors and 
the processes utilized by Lubrizols subcontractors for the manufacture of 
the Product, comply with all Applicable Laws including, without limitation, 
applicable GMP, and Lubrizol will manufacture the Product in conformance 
with the Product Requirements;
 
(f)                                   As of the Effective Date and during 
the Term, except for the DMF and the Module 3 Information, Lubrizol has 
obtained all approvals, authorizations, registrations,
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
licenses, permits and certificates from governmental authorities necessary 
to manufacture, transport, import, store, handle and sell the Product in 
accordance with this Agreement;
 
(g)                                  As of the Effective Date and during 
the Term, Lubrizol represents that it possesses the requisite 
specialization, expertise, personnel, facilities and supplies to 
manufacture and supply the Product in accordance with this Agreement.
 
(h)                                 As of the Effective Date and during the 
Term, Lubrizol represents that Lubrizol has not and will not, in connection 
with manufacturing of Product, employ or contract for the services of any 
person who is (1) excluded, debarred, disqualified or suspended from 
participation in any foreign or U.S. federal health care program or under 
any FDA laws and equivalent foreign laws; or (2) under investigation by the 
FDA or any other Regulatory Authority for exclusion, debarment, 
disqualification or suspension.  Lubrizol will immediately notify Braeburn 
if, during the Term, Lubrizol learns that it or any of its employees come 
under investigation by the FDA or any other Regulatory Authority for 
exclusion, debarment, disqualification or suspension, or becomes excluded, 
debarred, disqualified or suspended.
 
8.3                               WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS.  Notwithstanding 
the warranty set forth in Section 3.3(a), Lubrizol shall have no obligation 
hereunder if the Products become defective as a result of improper storage, 
contamination, adulteration, improper use or misapplication after delivery 
thereof to Braeburn.  For avoidance of doubt, the Product warranty extends 
only to Braeburn; an IDDS Commercial Partner may receive Product warranty 
under a separate agreement with Lubrizol.  THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NOR OTHER WARRANTY, 
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, BY LUBRIZOL.  BRAEBURN ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT 
IS PURCHASING THE PRODUCTS SOLELY ON THE BASIS OF THE COMMITMENTS OF 
LUBRIZOL EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN.  LUBRIZOL MAKES NO WARRANTIES 
WHATSOEVER FOR THE USE OF PRODUCTS PROVIDED BY LUBRIZOL IN ANY IDDS PRODUCT 
OR OTHER MEDICAL, PHARMACOLOGICAL, OR FOOD APPLICATIONS.
 
8.4                               LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  LUBRIZOLS 
LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM OF ANY KIND, FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, 
CONNECTED WITH OR RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, OR FROM THE PERFORMANCE OR 
BREACH THEREOF, [***].  LUBRIZOL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR PENALTY CLAUSES OF 
ANY DESCRIPTION, ANY ACTION RESULTING FROM ANY CLAIM ARISING UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT WHICH IS BROUGHT BY BRAEBURN AGAINST LUBRIZOL MUST BE COMMENCED 
WITHIN [***] AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ACCRUED.
 
8.5                               Representations and Warranties of 
Braeburn.  Braeburn represents and warrants to Lubrizol as of the Effective 
Date and during the Term that Braeburn will only use GMP Product -and not 
use Non-GMP Product - for use in any IDDS Product that is intended for use 
in any human clinical trial or for commercial sale to be administered for 
human use.
 
8.6                               Mutual Covenant.  Each Party shall notify 
the other Party in writing promptly in the event that it has actual 
knowledge of the material breach of any representation or warranty provided 
by either Party under Section 8.1 or by Lubrizol under Section 8.2.  In 
addition, if a subsequent event occurs (or if Lubrizol becomes aware that a 
subsequent event has occurred)
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
following the Effective Date that would be in contravention of the 
representations, warranties and covenants in Section 8.2, Lubrizol shall 
promptly notify Braeburn in writing within [***] days.
 
ARTICLE 9
 
REMEDIES; INDEMNIFICATION
 
9.1                               Indemnification by Lubrizol.  The Parties 
acknowledge that Lubrizol limits its liability to meeting Product 
Specifications.  Lubrizol shall therefore only indemnify and hold harmless 
Braeburn [***].
 
9.2                               Indemnification by Braeburn.  The Parties 
acknowledge that Braeburn, rather than Lubrizol, shall solely bear all 
liability arising from or related to using the Product as an Excipient in 
Braeburns IDDS Products.  Braeburn shall therefore indemnify, defend and 
hold harmless Lubrizol [***].
 
9.3                               Procedure; Defense.  In the event that 
any Person (an Indemnitee) entitled to indemnification under Section 9.1 
or 9.2 is seeking such indemnification, such Indemnitee shall [***].
 
9.4                               Limitations of Damages.  NOTWITHSTANDING 
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY SHALL 
BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES (EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO 
BREACH OF ITS OBLIGATIONS OF CONFIDENTIALITY UNDER ARTICLE 7, OR 
INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS ARTICLE 9) FOR ANY INDIRECT, 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS) OR 
PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES FROM ANY BREACH OR 
DEFAULT OF A PARTYS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR THE BREACH OF ANY 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY MADE HEREUNDER OR FOR ANY ACTION OR CLAIM 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER THE ACTION IN WHICH 
RECOVERY OF DAMAGES IS SOUGHT IS BASED UPON AGREEMENT, TORT, STATUTE OR 
OTHERWISE EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES.
 
ARTICLE 10
 
TERM; TERMINATION
 
10.1                        Term.  Unless earlier terminated in accordance 
with this Article 10, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the 
Effective Date and continue for 20 years (the Term); provided, that 
Braeburn may extend the Term for additional 5-year extension terms (each, 
an Extension Term) if Braeburn provides Lubrizol with at least six (6) 
months written notice prior to the termination of the Term or any Extension 
Term.  During any Extension Term, the price paid by Braeburn for the 
Product may be adjusted in accordance with Section 4.2.  If Braeburn 
objects to the price adjustment for any Extension Term, then the last price 
of the Product reflected on Exhibit A (if and as amended) shall be [***]% 
of the then-current price for a period not to exceed one year as requested 
by Braeburn to identify an alternative manufacturing site.
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
10.2                        Termination for Material Breach.  Either Party 
may terminate this Agreement in the event the other Party commits a 
material breach of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a Supply 
Failure, and has not cured such breach within 30 days written notice 
thereof from the non-breaching Party.
 
10.3                        Termination Without Cause.
 
(a)                                 Braeburn may terminate this Agreement 
upon 60 days written notice to Lubrizol in the event of a Change in 
Control of Lubrizol; provided, that Braeburn shall have no right to 
terminate the Agreement if, during such 60 day period, Lubrizol undertakes 
to provide an alternative arrangement that provides Braeburn with a supply 
of the Product on terms and conditions that are consistent in all material 
respects with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
(b)                                 Braeburn may terminate this Agreement 
upon 180 days written notice if Braeburn discontinues development and 
commercialization of all IDDS Products.
 
(c)                                  Lubrizol may, subsequent to submission 
by Braeburn of the first Royalty Report, terminate this Agreement if 
Braeburn does not make a Royalty Payment for two consecutive calendar 
quarters.
 
10.4                        Termination for Insolvency.  Either Party may 
terminate this Agreement if the other Party files, or has filed against it, 
a petition for voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or pursuant to any other 
insolvency law, or the other Party makes or seeks to make a general 
assignment for the benefit of its creditors or applies for or consents to 
the appointment of a trustee, receiver or custodian for it or a substantial 
part of its property, and such situation is not cured within 30 days from 
its occurrence, such termination to take effect upon delivery of notice of 
termination to the other Party.
 
10.5                        Effect of Expiration or Termination.
 
(a)                                 Expiration or termination of this 
Agreement shall not relieve the Parties of their respective confidentiality 
obligations hereunder.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, 
(i) except for termination with cause by Braeburn in accordance with 
Section 10.2.  Braeburn shall take delivery of and pay for all Product 
under any POs, along with any Safety Stock, Backup Supply, and Backup 
Resin, outstanding as of the date of termination or expiration in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) except for 
termination with cause by Lubrizol in accordance with Section 10.2, 
Lubrizol shall fulfill all POs outstanding as of the date of termination or 
expiration in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Braeburn shall not be obligated to pay for quantities of 
Safety Stock, Backup Supply, and Backup Resin maintained by Lubrizol in 
excess of the quantities required to be maintained under this Agreement.
 
(b)                                 If (i) Braeburn terminates this 
Agreement in accordance with Section 10.3(a), or (ii) Braeburn terminates 
this Agreement in accordance with Section 10.2, then Lubrizol shall allow 
Braeburn to purchase its pro rata allocation of the existing inventory of 
the Product based on all other orders of the Product among similarly 
situated customers of Lubrizol.
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
(c)           If Lubrizol terminates this Agreement in accordance with 
Section 10.3(c), Lubrizol will deliver, at the request of Braeburn, prior 
to the effective date of termination, and at Braeburns expense, a quantity 
of GMP Product that the parties reasonably agree represents a two (2) year 
supply for Braeburns use as a component in IDDS Products in the Field of 
Use.  Braeburns obligations under this Agreement to make Royalty Payments 
to Lubrizol for IDDS Product manufactured using such GMP Product delivered 
prior to the effective date of termination shall continue regardless of 
termination.
 
10.6        Survival.  All of the representations, warranties, and 
indemnifications made in this Agreement, and all terms and provisions 
hereof intended to be observed and performed by the parties after the 
termination hereof, including Article 7, shall survive such termination and 
continue thereafter in full force and effect, subject to applicable 
statutes of limitations.
 
ARTICLE 11
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
11.1        Assignment; Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall not be 
assignable or otherwise transferable by either party without the prior 
written consent of the assigning party and shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, the Parties 
acknowledge and agree that either Party may assign its rights to, or 
perform its obligations under this Agreement through, an Affiliate.
 
11.2        Notices.  Any notice or request required or permitted to be 
given under or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to have 
been sufficiently given if in writing and personally delivered or sent by 
certified mail (return receipt requested), or overnight express courier 
service (signature required), prepaid, to the Party for which such notice 
is intended, at the address set forth for such Party below:
 
If to Braeburn, addressed to:
 
        Braeburn Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
        47 Hulfish Street
        Princeton, New Jersey 08542
        United States of America
        Attn:  Chief Executive Officer
 
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:  
notices@Braeburnphanna.com.
 
If to Lubrizol, addressed to:
 
        Lubrizol Advanced Materials, Inc.
        9911 Brecksville Road
        Cleveland, Ohio 44141
        Attention:  Deb Langer
 
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
        The Lubrizol Corporation
        29400 Lakeland Boulevard
        Wickliffe, Ohio 44092
        Attention:  General Counsel
 
or to such other address for such Party as it shall have specified by like 
notice to the other Parties; provided, that notices of a change of address 
shall be effective only upon receipt thereof.  If delivered personally, the 
date of delivery shall be deemed to be the date on which such notice or 
request was given.  If sent by overnight express courier service, the date 
of delivery shall be deemed to be the next Business Day after such notice 
or request was deposited with such service.  If sent by certified mail, the 
date of delivery shall be deemed to be the third Business Day after such 
notice or request was deposited with the U.S. Postal Service.
 
11.3        Severability.  If any term, provision, covenant or restriction 
of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other 
authority to be invalid, void, unenforceable or against its regulatory 
policy such determination shall not affect the enforceability of any others 
or of the remainder of this Agreement; and in connection with such term, 
provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement which is held invalid, 
void, unenforceable or against regulatory policy, the Parties shall 
negotiate in good faith with a view to the substitution therefor of a 
suitable and equitable solution in order to carry out, so far as may be 
valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid term, 
provision, covenant or restriction and, absent any agreement by the 
Parties, such court of competent jurisdiction or other authority shall 
substitute therefore such term, provision, covenant or restriction as is 
legal, valid and enforceable but otherwise similar to the invalid term, 
provision, covenant or restriction.
 
11.4        No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement is solely for the 
benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective Affiliates and no 
provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to confer upon any Third 
Parties any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, claim of action or 
other right in excess of those existing without reference to this 
Agreement.
 
11.5        Waiver.  Neither Party may waive or release any of its rights 
or interests in this Agreement except in writing.  The failure of either 
Party to assert a right hereunder or to insist upon compliance with any 
term or condition of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of that 
right or excuse a similar subsequent failure to perform any such term or 
condition.  No waiver by either Party of any condition or term in any one 
or more instances shall be construed as a continuing waiver of such 
condition or term or of another condition or term.
 
11.6        Governing Law.  This Agreement and any dispute arising from the 
performance or breach hereof shall be governed by and construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without 
reference to conflicts of laws principles which would direct the 
application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
 
11.7        Injunctive Relief.  [***]
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
11.8        Construction.  The terms and provisions of this Agreement 
represent the results of negotiations between the Parties and their 
representatives, each of which has been represented by counsel of its own 
choosing, and neither of which has acted under duress or compulsion, 
whether legal, economic or otherwise.  Accordingly, the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in 
accordance with their usual and customary meanings, and each of the Parties 
hereto hereby waives the application in connection with the interpretation 
and construction of this Agreement of any rule of law to the effect that 
ambiguous or conflicting terms or provisions contained in this Agreement 
shall be interpreted or construed against the Party whose attorney prepared 
the executed draft or any earlier draft of this Agreement.
 
11.9        Headings; Interpretation.  Headings used herein are for 
convenience only and shall not in any way affect the construction of or be 
taken into consideration in interpreting this Agreement.  Further, in this 
Agreement:  (a) the word including shall be deemed to be followed by the 
phrase without limitation or like expression; (b) the singular shall 
include the plural and vice versa; and (c) masculine, feminine and neuter 
pronouns and expressions shall be interchangeable.
 
11.10      Further Assurances.  Braeburn and Lubrizol covenant and agree 
that subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and without 
any additional consideration, each of Braeburn and Lubrizol shall execute 
and deliver any further legal instruments and perform such acts which are 
or may become necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.
 
11.11      Relationship.  Lubrizol is an independent contractor engaged by 
Braeburn for the provision of the Product.  Nothing in this Agreement shall 
constitute either Party as an employee, agent or general representative of 
the other, nor shall Braeburn or Lubrizol have the right or authority to 
assume, create or incur any liability or any obligation of any kind, 
express or implied, against, or in the name of or on behalf of, the other.
 
11.12      Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, 
each and every one of which shall be deemed an original, notwithstanding 
variations in format or file designation which may result from the 
electronic transmission, storage and printing of copies of this Agreement 
from separate computers or printers.  Facsimile signatures and signatures 
transmitted via PDF shall be treated as original signatures.
 
11.13      Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Exhibits hereto, the 
long-term Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement (LZ No. 48464) with an effective 
date of September 1, 2015 and the Quality Agreement set forth all the 
covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions 
and understandings between the Parties hereto and supersedes and terminates 
all prior agreements and understandings between the Parties on the subject 
matter hereof.  There are no covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, 
representations, conditions or understandings, either oral or written, 
between the Parties other than as set forth herein and therein.  No 
subsequent alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Agreement 
shall be binding upon the Parties hereto unless reduced to writing and 
signed by the respective authorized officers of the Parties.  In the event 
that a Regulatory Authority in the
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
European Union determines that the Product is not an excipient but rather 
the device element of a drug delivery system, then the Parties shall 
promptly negotiate in good faith an amendment to this Agreement including 
any revisions required to address such determination.
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Supply Agreement to 
be executed by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date 
first above written.
 
 
BRAEBURN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name: Behshad Sheldon
 
Title: President and CEO
 
 
 
LUBRIZOL ADVANCED MATERIALS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name: Deb Langer
 
Title: Vice President & General Manager
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
EXHIBIT A
 
PRICING
 
Product Description
 
Price per Foot
of Product
Purchased
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
EXHIBIT B
 
GMP PRODUCT AND NON-GMP PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS
 
GMP Products
 
 Tubing: P100001
 Characteristics
 
Product Specification
 
 
 
 
Measurement
 
Tolerance
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 Tubing: P100002
 Characteristics
 
Product Specification
 
 
 
 
Measurement
 
Tolerance
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
Non-GMP Products
 
 Tubing: T100829
 Characteristics
 
Product Specification
 
 
 
 
Measurement
 
Tolerance
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 Tubing: TBD
 Characteristics
 
Product Specification
 
 
 
 
Measurement
 
Tolerance
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
EXHIBIT C
 
BRAEBURN IP
 
Country Name
 
Serial #
 
Filed Date
 
Patent #
 
Issue Date
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
Country Name
 
Serial #
 
Filed Date
 
Patent #
 
Issue Date
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
C-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
Country Name
 
Serial #
 
Filed Date
 
Patent #
 
Issue Date
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
C-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
Country Name
 
Serial #
 
Filed Date
 
Patent #
 
Issue Date
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
C-4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
EXHIBIT D
 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES PROTOCOL
 
Excipient and Medical Grade Notification of Change
 
Type of Change
 
Notify Medical &
Excipient Customers
(via prod. Mgr.)
Plant (Production and Packaging)
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
Type of Change
 
Notify Medical &
Excipient Customers
(via prod. Mgr.)
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
D-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
EXHIBIT E
 
GMP AND NON-GMP RESIN SPECIFICATIONS
 
GMP Products
 
   Characteristics
 
 
 
Product Specification
    
 
Resin: [***]
 
Min
 
Max
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 Characteristics
 
 
 
Product Specification
  
 
Resin: [***]
 
Min
 
Max
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
Non-GMP Products
 
   Characteristics
 
 
 
Product Specification
  
 
Resin: [***]
 
Min
 
Max
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
   Characteristics
 
 
 
Product Specification
  
 
Resin: [***]
 
Min
 
Max
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
   Characteristics
 
 
 
Product Specification
  
 
Resin: [***]
 
Min
 
Max
[***]
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
E-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

