 EX-10.1 4 genius_ex1001.htm FORM OF WARRANT EXERCISE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.1
 
WARRANT EXERCISE AGREEMENT
 
This Warrant Exercise Agreement (this “Agreement”), dated as of February 9, 
2017, is by and between Genius Brands International, Inc. a Nevada 
corporation (the “Company”), and the undersigned holder (the “Holder”) of 
warrants to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 
per share (the “Common Stock”), issued by the Company, which warrant is 
exercisable until November 3, 2020 at an exercise price (the “Exercise 
Price”) of $3.30 per share (the “Original Warrant”).
 
WHEREAS, the Holder’s Original Warrant is exercisable into a number of 
shares of Common Stock as set forth on such Holder’s signature page hereto 
(the “Warrant Shares”);
 
WHEREAS, the Holder wishes to exercise such Original Warrant in full and, 
immediately prior to such exercise and in consideration of the Holder’s 
exercise of such Original Warrant, the Company has agreed to issue the 
Holder, in addition to the shares of Common Stock to which such exercising 
Holder is entitled, (i) a new warrant identical to the Original Warrants 
except that the termination date of such warrants shall be five years after 
the Closing Date (the “Reload Warrants”) and, (ii) depending on the number 
of Original Warrants exercised by all holders of the Original Warrants in 
the aggregate as more fully set forth in Section 2.1(b), a new warrant 
identical to the Original Warrants except that (x) the exercise price of 
such warrant shall be "$[ ][1], subject to adjustment hereunder", (y) such 
warrant shall not be exercisable for six months and one day after the 
Closing Date (the "Initial Exercisability Date") and (z) the termination 
date of such warrants shall be five years after the Initial Exercisability 
Date (the “Market Price Warrants” and collectively with the Reload 
Warrants, the “New Warrants”). The shares of Common Stock underlying the 
New Warrants are referred to herein as the "New Warrant Shares" and 
collectively with the New Warrants, the "Securities". The number of shares 
of Common Stock underlying the Reload Warrants and Market Price Warrants 
issued with respect to each exercised Original Warrant shall be as 
determined pursuant to Section 2.1(b), it being understood that Nasdaq 
rules prevent the Company from issuing Reload Warrants exercisable for more 
than an aggregate of 801,728 shares of Common Stock without first obtaining 
approval of its stockholders.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Agreement, and for good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy 
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Holder and the Company agree as 
follows:
 
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
 
Section 1.1 Definitions. Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement 
shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Warrant.
 
ARTICLE II
EXERCISE OF EXISTING WARRANTS
 
Section 2.1 Exercise of Warrants. (a) Subject to the conditions in Section 
2.3 below, the Company and the Holder hereby agree that the Holder shall 
exercise all of the Original Warrants at the current Exercise Price per 
share, for aggregate cash proceeds to the Company in the amount set forth 
on the Holder’s signature page hereto, pursuant to the terms of the 
Original Warrants. Holder shall execute and deliver the aggregate cash 
exercise price for such Original Warrants to the bank account set forth on 
the Company’s signature page hereto within two business days after notice 
from the Company that the condition set forth in Section 2.3 has been met 
and the Company shall deliver the Warrant Shares to the Holder via the 
Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system pursuant 
to the terms of the Original Warrants, but pursuant to wire transfer 
instructions set forth on the Holder’s signature page hereto. The date of 
the closing of the exercise of the Original Warrants shall be referred to 
as the “Closing Date”.
 
 
__________________
[1] Insert exercise price equal to 105% of the market price on the date 
this Agreement is signed as determined in compliance with applicable Nasdaq 
rules and regulations.
  	1 	 

 
 
(b) If 801,728 or fewer of the Original Warrants are exercised by all 
holders of such Original Warrants, then each exercising Holder shall 
receive one Reload Warrant for each Original Warrant exercised by such 
Holder and no Market Price Warrants. If more than 801,728 Original Warrants 
are exercised in the aggregate, then the number of shares of Common Stock 
underlying the Reload Warrants and Market Price Warrants to be received by 
Holder shall be determined as follows:
 
The number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Reload Warrants to be 
received by such Holder shall be determined by multiplying 801,728 by a 
fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of Original Warrants 
exercised by such Holder and the denominator of which shall be the number 
of Original Warrants exercised at the closing by all holders of Original 
Warrants. The number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Market Price 
Warrants to be received by Holder shall be determined first (a) by 
determining the total number of shares of Common Stock underlying the 
Market Price Warrants to be issued to all exercising holders of the 
Original Warrants, which number shall be determined by subtracting 801,728 
from the total number of Original Warrants exercised by all holders thereof 
and then (b) multiplying the total number of Market Price Warrants to be 
issued by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of 
Original Warrants exercised by Holder and the denominator of which shall be 
the number of Original Warrants exercised at the closing by all holders of 
Original Warrants.
 
Section 2.2 Issuance of New Warrants. Within 3 Trading Days of the Closing 
Date, the Company shall deliver to the Holder the New Warrants to which 
such Holder is entitled.
 
Section 2.3 Legends; Restricted Securities. (a) The Holder understands that 
the New Warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying New Warrants are 
not, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), or the securities laws of any state and, 
accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall 
bear a legend substantially similar to the following:
   
  “THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
  COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN
  EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
  (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD
  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
  SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A
  TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
  SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
  THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
  ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
  INSTITUTION THAT IS AN “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)
  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.”
 
(b)       Certificates evidencing shares of Common Stock underlying the New 
Warrants shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in 
Section 2.3(a) hereof), (i) while a registration statement covering the 
resale of such Common Stock is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) 
following any sale of such Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such 
Common Stock is eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement 
for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information 
required under Rule 144 as to such Common Stock and without volume or 
manner-of-sale restrictions, (iv) if such Common Stock may be sold under 
Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public 
information required under Rule 144 as to such Common Stock, or (v) if such 
legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act 
(including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”)). The Company 
shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the transfer agent 
promptly after the Delegend Date (as defined below) if required by the 
Company and/or the transfer agent to effect the removal of the legend 
hereunder, which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably 
acceptable to the Holder. If such Common Stock may be sold under Rule 144 
without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the 
current public information required under Rule 144 or if such legend is not 
otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act 
(including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff 
of the Commission) then such Common Stock shall be issued free of all 
legends. The Company agrees that following the Delegend Date or at such 
time as such legend is no longer required under this Section
 
 
 
  	2 	 

 
 
2.3(b), it will, no later than three (3) Trading Days following the 
delivery by a Holder to the Company or the transfer agent of a certificate 
representing the Common Stock underlying the New Warrants issued with a 
restrictive legend (such third Trading Day, the “Legend Removal Date”), 
deliver or cause to be delivered to such Holder a certificate representing 
such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends or, at the 
request of the Holder shall credit the account of the Holder’s prime broker 
with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Holder. The 
Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to 
the transfer agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in 
this Section 2.3(b). “Delegend Date” means the earliest of the date that 
(a) a registration statement with respect to the Common Stock has been 
declared effective by the Commission or (b) all of the Common Stock has 
been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without 
the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public 
information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale 
restrictions or (c) following the six (6) month anniversary of (I) the 
Closing Date if a New Warrant is exercised pursuant to a cashless exercise 
or (II) the date of the related cash exercise of the New Warrants provided, 
in each case that the holder of the New Warrants or the Common Stock, as 
the case may be, is not an Affiliate of the Company, the Company is in 
compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 (“
Current Public Information Requirement”) and all such Common Stock may be 
sold pursuant to Rule 144 or an exemption from registration under Section 
4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale 
restrictions; provided, further, however, that if the Company fails to 
comply with the Current Public Information Requirement at any time 
following the applicable six (6) month anniversary set forth above and the 
one (1) year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall promptly 
provide notice to the Holder and the Holder undertakes not to sell such 
Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144 until the Company notifies the Holder 
that it has regained compliance with the Current Public Information 
Requirement; and provided further, that if a delegending is in effect 
solely as the result of the effectiveness of a registration statement 
covering the resale of any Common Stock, the Holder undertakes not to sell 
any such Common Stock if the Holder is notified or otherwise becomes aware 
that such registration statement has been withdrawn or suspended, contains 
a material misstatement or omission or has become stale. Each Holder, 
severally and not jointly with the other Holders, agrees with the Company 
that such Holder will sell or transfer any New Warrants or shares of Common 
Stock underlying New Warrants pursuant to either the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus 
delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if such 
securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold 
in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and 
acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates 
representing any such securities as set forth in this Section 2.3 or 
otherwise is predicated upon the Company’s reliance upon this 
understanding.
 
Section 2.4 Filing of Form 8-K and Amendment to Registration Statement. 
Prior to 5:00 pm ET on the Trading Day following the date hereof, the 
Company shall issue a Current Report on Form 8-K, reasonably acceptable to 
the Holder disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated 
hereby, which shall include this Agreement (the “8-K Filing”). From and 
after the issuance of the 8-K Filing, the Company represents to the Holder 
that it shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information 
received from the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their 
respective officers, directors, employees or agents, that is not disclosed 
in the 8-K Filing. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K 
Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all 
confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written 
or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their 
respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one 
hand, and the Holder or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall 
terminate. The Company shall not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries 
and its and each of their respective officers, directors, employees and 
agents, not to, provide the Holder with any material, nonpublic information 
regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from and after the date 
hereof without the express prior written consent of the Holder. To the 
extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective 
officers, directors, employees or agents, delivers any material, non-public 
information to the Holder without such Holder’s consent, the Company hereby 
covenants and agrees that such Holder shall not have any duty of 
confidentiality with respect to, or a duty not to trade on the basis of, 
such material, non-public information. Such 8-K Filing shall be 
incorporated by reference into the registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 
333-208540) (the “Registration Statement”), thereby updating the prospectus 
included therein.
 
 
 
  	3 	 

 
 
ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
Section 3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company 
hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth below to the 
Holder that as of the date of its execution of this Agreement:
 
(a) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate 
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations 
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated 
hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of 
such Company and no further action is required by such Company, its board 
of directors or its stockholders in connection therewith. This Agreement 
has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance 
with the terms hereof will constitute the valid and binding obligation of 
the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms 
except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of 
general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, 
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific 
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) 
insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by 
applicable law.
 
(b) Organization. The Company is a duly organized and validly existing 
corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada.
 
(c) Registration Statement. The Warrant Shares are registered for issuance 
and resale by the Holder on the Registration Statement and the Company 
knows of no reasons why such registration statement shall not remain 
available for the issuance and resale of such Warrant Shares for the 
foreseeable future. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts 
to keep the Registration Statement effective and available for use by the 
Holder until all Warrant Shares are sold by the Holder.
 
(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions 
contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any 
provision of the Company’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws 
or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or 
constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both 
would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien upon any 
of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of 
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without 
notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, 
debt or other material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or 
other material understanding to which the Company is a party or by which 
any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, or (iii) 
conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, 
judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or 
governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal 
and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or 
asset of the Company is bound or affected.
 
(e) Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company confirms that 
neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of 
Holder or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes 
constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The 
Company understands and confirms that the Holder will rely on the foregoing 
representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All 
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Holder 
regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and 
the transactions contemplated hereby, including but not limited to the 
disclosure set forth in the SEC Reports, is true and correct and does not 
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any 
material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As 
used herein, “SEC Reports” means all reports, schedules, forms, statements 
and other documents required to be filed by the Company with the Commission 
pursuant to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act, including all 
exhibits included therein and financial statements, notes and schedules 
thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein.
 
 
 
 
  	4 	 

 
 
(f) Issuance of Securities. The issuance of the New Warrants are duly 
authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, the New Warrants shall be validly issued and free from all 
preemptive or similar rights (except for those which have been validly 
waived prior to the date hereof), taxes, liens and charges and other 
encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof. As of the Closing Date, a 
number of shares of Common Stock shall have been duly authorized and 
reserved for issuance which equals or exceeds the maximum number of Warrant 
Shares issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants (without taking into 
account any limitations on the exercise of the New Warrants set forth 
therein). Upon exercise of the New Warrants in accordance with the New 
Warrants, the Warrant Shares when issued will be validly issued, fully paid 
and nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, taxes, 
liens, charges and other encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof, 
with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of 
Common Stock. Assuming the accuracy of each of the representations and 
warranties set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement, the offer and 
issuance by the Company of the New Warrants is exempt from registration 
under the 1933 Act.
 
(g) No General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its 
Subsidiaries or affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf, 
has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising 
(within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale 
of the New Warrants.
 
(h) No Integrated Offering. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of 
their affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or 
indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any 
offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require 
registration of the issuance of any of the New Warrants or the shares of 
Common Stock underlying the New Warrants (collectively, the “Securities”) 
under the 1933 Act, whether through integration with prior offerings or 
otherwise, or cause this offering of the Securities to require approval of 
shareholders of the Company for purposes of the 1933 Act or any applicable 
shareholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the 
rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on 
which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated for 
quotation. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, their affiliates nor any 
Person acting on their behalf will take any action or steps that would 
require registration of the issuance of any of the Securities under the 
1933 Act or cause the offering of any of the Securities to be integrated 
with other offerings for purposes of any such applicable shareholder 
approval provisions.
 
(i) No Disqualification Events. With respect to Securities to be offered 
and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506(b) under the 1933 Act ("
Regulation D Securities"), none of the Company, any of its predecessors, 
any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of 
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner 
of 20% or more of the Company's outstanding voting equity securities, 
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is 
defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected with the Company in any 
capacity at the time of sale (each, an "Issuer Covered Person" and, 
together, "Issuer Covered Persons") is subject to any of the "Bad Actor" 
disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 
Act (a "Disqualification Event"), except for a Disqualification Event 
covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable 
care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a 
Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, 
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the 
Buyers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.
 
Section 3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Holder. The Holder hereby 
makes the representations and warranties set forth below to the Company 
that as of the date of its execution of this Agreement:
 
(a) Due Authorization. The Holder represents and warrants that (i) the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by it and the consummation by it 
of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all 
necessary action on its behalf and (ii) this Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by the Holder and constitutes the valid and binding 
obligation of the Holder, enforceable against it in accordance with its 
terms.
 
(b) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
by the Holder and the consummation by the Holder of the transactions 
contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any 
provision of the Holder’s organizational or charter documents, or (ii) 
conflict with or result in a violation of any agreement, law, rule, 
regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any 
court or governmental authority which would interfere with the ability of 
the Holder to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 
 
 
 
 
  	5 	 

 
 
(c) Access to Information. The Holder acknowledges that it has had the 
opportunity to review this Agreement and the SEC Reports and has been 
afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed 
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company 
concerning the terms and conditions of the exercise of the Existing 
Warrants and the merits and risks of investing in the Warrant Shares; (ii) 
access to information about the Company and its financial condition, 
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects 
sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the 
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company 
possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is 
necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the 
investment. The Holder acknowledges and agrees that neither Chardan Capital 
Markets, LLC (the “Advisor”) nor any Affiliate of the Advisor has provided 
the Holder with any information or advice with respect to the Securities 
nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Advisor 
nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company or 
the quality of the securities issued and issuable hereunder and the Advisor 
and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to 
the Company which the Holder agrees need not be provided to it. In 
connection with the issuance of the securities hereunder to the Holder, 
neither the Advisor nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial 
advisor or fiduciary to the Holder.
 
(d) Holder Status. The Holder is an “accredited investor” as defined in 
Rule 501 under the Securities Act.
 
(e) Knowledge. The Holder, either alone or together with its 
representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in 
business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of the prospective investment in the Warrant Shares, and has so 
evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Holder is able to 
bear the economic risk of an investment in the Warrant Shares and, at the 
present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.
 
ARTICLE IV
MISCELLANEOUS
   
  Section 4.1 Leak-Out Restrictions.
 
(a)                For a period commencing on the date hereof and ending 
ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (the “Leak-Out Period”), the Holder 
agrees, on behalf of itself and each affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 
under the Securities Act) of such Holder which (x) had knowledge of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, (y) has or shares discretion relating to 
such Holder’s investments or trading or information concerning such 
Holder’s investments, including in respect of the securities issuable 
hereunder, or (z) is subject to such Holder’s review or input concerning 
such affiliate’s investments or trading (collectively, “Trading Affiliates
”), not to sell, dispose or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly, 
(including, without limitation, any sales, short sales, swaps or any 
derivative transactions that would be equivalent to any sales or short 
positions) shares of Common Stock on any Trading Day during the Leak-Out 
Period; provided, however, that these trading restrictions shall not apply 
to any sale, disposal or other transfer at a price at or greater than $5.00 
per share (as appropriately adjusted for any stock split, reverse stock 
split, stock dividend or other reclassification or combination of the 
Common Stock occurring after the date hereof). As used herein, “Trading Day
” means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading and 
“Trading Market” means any of the following markets or exchanges on which 
the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: 
the NYSE MKT, the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB 
or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing). To assist the Company 
in assuring compliance by the Holder and its Trading Affiliates with the 
provisions of this Section 4.1(a), the Company may from time to time, 
deliver a written request (which may be by email) at any time during the 
Leak-Out Period requesting that the Holder provide (i) trading records of 
any direct or indirect sales of Common Stock (as contemplated above) by the 
Holder and its Trading Affiliates during the period beginning on the date 
hereof and ending on the earlier of (x) the date of such request and (y) 
the end of the Leak-Out Period or (ii) records showing the number of shares 
of Common Stock held by the Holder and its Trading Affiliates as of the 
earlier of (x) the date of such request and (y) the end of the Leak-Out 
Period. Upon receipt of any such request, the Holder shall provide such 
information no later than three Trading Days after the date of the 
applicable request. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company 
may not make more than five requests for information pursuant to this 
Section 4.1(a); provided, that any request made to a Trading Affiliate of 
the Holder shall count as a request made to the Holder.
 
 
 
 
  	6 	 

 
(b)                The Company hereby represents and warrants as of the 
date hereof and covenants and agrees from and after the date hereof that 
none of the terms offered to any other holder of Original Warrants (each, 
an "Other Holder") with respect to any restrictions on the sale of Common 
Stock substantially in the form of this Agreement (or any amendment, 
modification, waiver or release thereof) (each a “Settlement Document”), is 
or will be more favorable to such Other Holder than those of the Holder and 
this Agreement. If, and whenever on or after the date hereof, the Company 
enters into a Settlement Document, then (i) the Company shall provide 
notice thereof to the Holder promptly following the occurrence thereof and 
(ii) the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be, without any 
further action by the Holder or the Company, automatically amended and 
modified in an economically and legally equivalent manner such that the 
Holder shall receive the benefit of the more favorable terms and/or 
conditions (as the case may be) set forth in such Settlement Document, 
provided that upon written notice to the Company at any time the Holder may 
elect not to accept the benefit of any such amended or modified term or 
condition, in which event the term or condition contained in this Agreement 
shall apply to the Holder as it was in effect immediately prior to such 
amendment or modification as if such amendment or modification never 
occurred with respect to the Holder. The provisions of this paragraph shall 
apply similarly and equally to each Settlement Document.
     
    Section 4.2 Subsequent Equity Sales.
     
    (a)               From the date hereof until 90 days after the Closing
    Date, neither the Company nor any subsidiary shall issue, enter into
    any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of
    any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. As used herein
    “Common Stock Equivalents” means any securities of the Company or the
    Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
    time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred
    stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time
    convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise
    entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.
     
    (b)               From the date hereof until such time as no Purchaser
    holds any of the New Warrants, the Company shall be prohibited from
    effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock
    Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable
    Rate Transaction. “Variable Rate Transaction” means a transaction in
    which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities
    that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include
    the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a
    conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that
    is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations
    for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance
    of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise
    or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date
    after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security upon the
    occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
    related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common
    Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to,
    an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a
    future determined price, provided that nothing herein shall prevent the
    Company from entering into agreements providing for customary
    price-only adjustment full ratchet, half ratchet or weighted average
    anti-dilution provisions or customary price and share adjustment
    weighted average anti-dilution provisions. Any Purchaser shall be
    entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude
    any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to
    collect damages. The provisions of this Section 4.2(b) may be waived or
    amended by the Company and holders of the New Warrants then outstanding
    representing a majority in the interest of all such New Warrants.
     
    (c)               Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.2 shall
    not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable
    Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance. As set used herein “
    Exempt Issuance” means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or
    options to employees, independent contractors, vendors, officers or
    directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option or similar
    plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
    members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a
    committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for
    services rendered to the Company including but not limited to the
    Company’s 2015 Incentive Plan, Amended 2015 Incentive Plan and Vendor
    Stock Issuance Plan, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or
    conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities
    exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common
    Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
    that such securities have not been amended since the date of this
    Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the
    exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities
    (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to
    extend the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant
    to acquisitions, strategic transactions or a transaction with vendors
    or other non-affiliated business partners approved by a majority of the
    disinterested directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance
    shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which
    is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an
    owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the
    Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in
    addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a
    transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for
    the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business
    is investing in securities; provided, however, that any securities
    issued to independent contractors, venders or non-affiliated business
    partners shall only be considered to be Exempt Issuances to the extent
    they are issued as "restricted securities" (as defined in Rule 144).
     
     
     
     
     
  	7 	 

 
     
Section 4.3 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or 
deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be made by 
email to the email address of Holders set forth on Holders’ signature page.
 
Section 4.4 Survival. All warranties and representations (as of the date 
such warranties and representations were made) made herein or in any 
certificate or other instrument delivered by it or on its behalf under this 
Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the parties 
hereto and shall survive the issuance of the Warrants. This Agreement shall 
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted 
assigns of each of the parties; provided however that no party may assign 
this Agreement or the obligations and rights of such party hereunder 
without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto.
 
Section 4.5 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and 
the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been 
signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood 
that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any 
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall 
create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose 
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if 
such facsimile signature page were an original thereof.
 
Section 4.6 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of 
the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way 
be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon 
a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, 
and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this 
Agreement.
 
Section 4.7 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, 
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be 
determined pursuant to the Governing Law provision of the Warrant.
 
Section 4.8 Entire Agreement. The Agreement, together with the exhibits and 
schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and 
understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the 
parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and 
schedules.
 
Section 4.9 Construction. The headings herein are for convenience only, do 
not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or 
affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement 
will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their 
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against 
any party.
 
Section 4.10 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth herein, each 
party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants 
and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party 
incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all transfer agent 
fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the 
delivery of any Warrant Shares.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  	8 	 

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Warrant Exercise 
Agreement as of the date first written above.
 
 
COMPANY:
 
 
GENIUS BRANDS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
 
 
By:  _______________________________
Name:   ____________________________
Title:  ______________________________
 
  
Bank Account and Wire Instructions
 
Bank Name: 	U.S. Bank
  	 
Bank Address: 	633 W. Fifth Street
  	29th Floor
  	Los Angeles, CA 90071
  	213-615-6625
  	 
ABA No. 	XXXXXXXX
  	 
A/C No. 	XXXXXXXX
 
Beneficiary name and address:
 
Genius Brands International, Inc.
DBA A Squared Entertainment, LLC
301 N. Canon Drive #305
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  	9 	 

 
 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO GENIUS BRANDS INTERNATIONAL
WARRANT EXERCISE AGREEMENT]
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first 
indicated above.
 
  	  	 
Name of Holder: 	  	
 
  	  	 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: 	  	
 
  	  	 
Name of Authorized Signatory: 	  	
 
  	  	 
Title of Authorized Signatory: 	  	
 
  	  	 
Email Address of Holder: 	  	
 
  	  	 
Number of  Warrants Held: 	  	
 
  	  	 
Number of  Warrants to be exercised: 	  	
 
  	  	 
Aggregate Exercise Price of  Warrants to be Exercised: 	  	
 
  	  	 
  	 
Warrant Shares underlying  Warrants: 	  	                                   
                  
  	  	  	  	 
 DWAC Instructions for Warrant Shares to be issued upon exercise of
 Existing Warrants:_________________
  
  
 Number of New Warrants to be issued to Holder:                            
 
 
Address for Delivery of New Shares for Holder: 
_______________________________________________
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  	10 	 