 EX-10.1 2 d340580dex101.htm EX-10.1
EXHIBIT 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT, effective as of July 21, 2016 is between Computer Task 
Group, Incorporated, a New York corporation with its executive offices at 
800 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York 14209 (the Corporation), and 
Arthur W. Crumlish, an individual residing at 8410 Meadow Rose Court, East 
Amherst, New York 14051 (the Executive).


RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Executive will be employed as the President and Chief 
Executive Officer of the Corporation; and

WHEREAS, the Corporation and the Executive desire to set forth the terms 
upon which the Executive will be employed by the Corporation.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and of the covenants 
contained in this Agreement, the Corporation and the Executive agree as 
follows:

1. DEFINITIONS. The following definitions apply for purposes of this 
Agreement.

(a) Board of Directors or Board means the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation.

(b) Cause means any of following conditions exist:

(i) The Executives continued failure to substantially perform his material 
duties under this Agreement (other than as a result of his Disability) if 
such failure is not substantially cured, if capable of being cured, within 
15 days after written notice is provided to the Executive.

(ii) The Executives willful breach in a substantive and material manner of 
his fiduciary duty or duty of loyalty to the Corporation which is injurious 
to the financial condition in more than a de minimus manner or the business 
reputation of the Corporation.

(iii) The Executives indictment for a felony offense under the laws of the 
United States or any state thereof (other than for a violation of motor or 
vehicular laws).

(iv) Material breach by the Executive of any restrictive covenant contained 
in Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Change in Control Agreement means a certain change in control 
agreement between the Corporation and the Executive which is effective as 
of October 8, 2001 and as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009.

(d) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(e) Corporation means Computer Task Group, Incorporated, or any successor 
organization.

(f) Disability means the Executives inability, due to physical or mental 
incapacity, to substantially perform his regular duties as Chief Executive 
Officer of the Corporation, as the case may be, for a period of 6 
consecutive months.

(g) Effective Date means July 21, 2016.

(i) Good Reason means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, provided that the Executive shall give the Corporation a written 
notice, within 90 days following the initial occurrence of the event, 
describing the event that the Executive claims to be Good Reason and 
stating the Executives intention to terminate employment unless the 
Corporation takes appropriate corrective action:

(i) A material diminution in the Executives responsibilities, duties, 
title, reporting responsibilities within the business organization, status, 
role or authority as Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.

(ii) A material reduction by the Corporation in the Executives annual base 
salary as in effect from time to time.

(iii) A material breach by the Corporation of any provision of this 
Agreement or of any other agreement requiring the payment of compensation 
to the Executive.

(iv) Removal from, or failure to re-elect, the Executive to the position of 
Chief Executive Officer.

Notwithstanding clauses (i) and (v) above, in the event the Corporation 
temporarily replaces the Executive, or transfers the Executives duties or 
responsibilities to another individual, on account of the Executives 
inability to perform such duties due to a mental or physical incapacity 
which is, or is reasonably expected to become, a Disability, but continues 
the payment of the Executives annual base salary then in effect, then the 
Executives employment shall not be deemed terminated by the Corporation 
and the Executive shall not be able to resign with Good Reason as a result 
thereof. If the Executive delivers written notice stating his claim for 
Good Reason on the basis of any of clauses (i) through (iv) above, the 
Corporation shall have 30 days following the date of receipt of such 
written notice in which to take appropriate corrective action. If the 
Corporation does not correct the Good Reason condition stated in such 
written notice, the Executives Good Reason termination of employment will 
be deemed to have occurred on the day following the 30-day period.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(j) Regulation means Treasury Regulations promulgated under Code Section 
409A as amended.

(k) Specified Employee has the meaning provided in Regulation 
§1.409A-1(i). The default rules for said definition shall apply unless the 
Corporation has adopted other rules in a duly adopted instrument applicable 
with respect to all nonqualified deferred compensation plans of the 
Corporation.

(l) Termination of Employment has the meaning provided in Regulation 
§1.409A-1(h)(1)(ii). A Termination of Employment is intended to mean a 
termination of employment which constitutes a separation from service 
under Code Section 409A. If the Executive provides services as an 
independent contractor, the Executive will not be considered to have a 
Termination of Employment until the Executive has ceased providing services 
both as an employee and as an independent contractor. The preceding 
sentence shall not apply with respect to a nonqualified deferred 
compensation plan in which the Executive participates as an employee to the 
extent that the Executives sole activity as an independent contractor with 
respect to the Corporation is to serve on the Corporations Board of 
Directors.

2. EMPLOYMENT; DUTIES. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in 
this Agreement, the Corporation shall employ the Executive as President and 
Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. Subject to the yearly election 
by the Board of Directors in the exercise of its judgment, it is 
contemplated that the Executive will continue to be elected to the 
positions of President and Chief Executive Officer. The Board may appoint 
another individual as President of the Corporation from time to time. As 
Chief Executive Officer, the Executive will have all of the duties, 
responsibilities and authority commensurate with the position in companies 
of similar size and type and such other duties, not inconsistent with his 
position, as assigned to him by the Board from time to time, subject also 
at all times to the control of the Board. All employees and independent 
contractors shall report to Executive or his designee, provided that as 
necessary for governance purposes the Chief Financial Officer, the General 
Counsel and the audit staff may also report to the Board or a Committee 
thereof. The Executive shall report directly to the Board, which shall have 
general control of the business of the Corporation. The Executive agrees to 
perform his duties and discharge his responsibilities in a faithful manner 
and to the best of his ability and to use all reasonable efforts to promote 
the interests of the Corporation. The Executive may not engage in other 
gainful employment except with the prior consent of the Board of Directors 
of the Corporation. With the prior consent of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation, the Executive may become a director, trustee or other 
fiduciary of other corporations, trusts or entities. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Executive may manage his passive investments, including by 
acting as trustee for any trust formed for the benefit of himself, his 
spouse, their respective parents and his lineal descendants, and be 
involved in charitable, civic and religious interests so long as they do 
not materially interfere with the performance of the Executives duties 
hereunder.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. COMPENSATION.

(a) During the term of the Executives employment under this Agreement, the 
Executive will receive a base salary at the rate of Three Hundred Sixty 
Thousand ($360,000.00) Dollars] per year, payable in accordance with the 
Corporations standard payroll policies for senior executive officers of 
the Corporation. On an annual basis, the Compensation Committee of the 
Board of Directors will, in good faith, review the base salary of the 
Executive to consider appropriate increases (but not decreases) in the base 
salary. If the Executive dies during the period of time of his service 
under this Agreement, service for any part of the month of his death will 
be considered service for the entire month.

(b) During the term of the Executives employment under this Agreement, the 
Executive will be eligible to receive an annual cash incentive from the 
Corporation as determined annually by the Board of Directors. The annual 
cash incentive plan for 2016 is attached hereto as Exhibit 3(b).

(c) The Corporation shall grant Executive equity awards under the 
Corporations 2010 Equity Award Plan, as amended, and 1991 Restricted Stock 
Plan, as amended, in the amounts and on the terms and conditions set forth 
in Exhibit 3(b). The Executive shall be eligible for future grants annually 
as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.

(d) The Corporation will deduct or withhold from all salary and incentive 
payments, and from all other payments made to the Executive pursuant to 
this Agreement, all amounts that may be required to be deducted or withheld 
under any applicable Social Security contribution, income tax withholding 
or other similar law now in effect or that may become effective during the 
term of this Agreement.

4. OTHER BENEFITS AND TERMS. During the term of the Executives employment 
under this Agreement, the Executive will be entitled to the following 
additional benefits:

(a) The Executive will be entitled to participate in, the Corporations 
health and medical benefit plans, any pension, profit sharing and 
retirement plans, and any insurance policies or programs from time to time 
generally offered to all or substantially all executive employees who are 
employed by the Corporation. These plans, policies and programs are subject 
to change at the sole discretion of the Corporation.

(b) The Executive will also receive the following:

(i) Life insurance benefits will be provided at an amount not less than 
three times base salary (subject to a physical examination);

(ii) Disability insurance in an amount equal to two-thirds anticipated 
total annual cash compensation;
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) Executive Supplemental Medical Plan which will provide up to 
$10,000.00 per year in supplemental medical and dental coverage for items 
not covered under other CTG medical and dental plans or HMOs (but not 
including voluntary cosmetic surgery);

(iv) Travel insurance with aggregate coverage inclusive of the insurance 
provided under the Corporations American Express card program, in an 
amount equal to four times base compensation;

(v) Reimbursement of up to $2,000.00 per year for personal tax advice;

(vi) Participation in the Corporations Deferred Compensation Plan subject 
to the contribution rates as determined by the Compensation Committee; and

(vii) Annual luncheon club dues.

(c) Upon the Executives Termination of Employment, except as specifically 
set forth in this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to 
continuation of the benefits set forth in this Section 4 only to the extent 
specifically set forth in such plans, policies and programs and all 
benefits shall be distributed as provided in such plans, policies and 
programs.

5. VACATIONS. The Executive will be entitled to five weeks of paid vacation 
and nine paid holidays each year. Unused vacation in any year may not be 
carried over to subsequent years.

6. REIMBURSEMENT FOR EXPENSES. The Corporation will reimburse the Executive 
in accordance with its expense reimbursement policy for expenses that the 
Executive may from time to time reasonably incur on behalf of the 
Corporation in the performance of his responsibilities and duties.

7. PERIOD OF EMPLOYMENT. Subject to the provisions of this Section, the 
period of employment of the Executive under this Agreement will continue 
until terminated by either party on not less than 60 days prior written 
notice to the other party.

Notwithstanding the foregoing:

(a) The Executives employment will terminate: (i) on the date the 
Corporation delivers notice that it is terminating the Executives 
employment, whether such termination is for Cause or not for Cause, (ii) on 
the 30th day following the date on which the Corporation receives the 
written notice described in Section 1(i) if the Executive has Good Reason 
and the Corporation has failed to take appropriate corrective action by 
such date, (iii) on the date of the Executives death, (iv) on the date on 
which the Executive has incurred a Disability, as agreed by the Executive 
and the Corporation or, if
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
they are unable to agree, on the date a physicians written determination 
that the Executive has incurred a Disability is delivered to the 
Corporation and the Executive in accordance with Section 9(e), (v) on the 
30th day following the date on which the Executive has delivered notice 
that he is resigning for any reason other than for Good Reason or (vi) such 
other date as is mutually agreed upon by the Executive and the Corporation.

(b) In the event the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, 
the Executive shall resign on the date of notice of such termination of 
employment from any and all positions he may have as a director of the 
Corporation and its subsidiary corporations. The Executive understands and 
agrees that the Corporation shall be entitled to have such equitable 
relief, including the right to specific performance, to enforce the 
provisions of this Section.

Any notice of termination of employment given by a party must specify the 
particular termination provision of this Agreement relied upon by the party 
and must set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances that 
provide a basis for the termination.

8. INDEMNIFICATION. The Corporation agrees that if the Executive is made a 
party, or is threatened to be made a party, to any action, suit or 
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a 
Proceeding), by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer 
or employee of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the 
Corporation as a director, officer, member, employee or agent of another 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, 
including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether or not 
the basis of such Proceeding is the Executives alleged action in an 
official capacity while serving as a director, officer, member, employee or 
agent, the Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the 
Corporation to the fullest extent legally permitted or authorized by the 
Corporations certificate of incorporation or bylaws or resolutions of the 
Corporations Board of Directors or, if greater, by the laws of the State 
of New York, against all cost, expense, liability and loss (including, 
without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes 
or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably 
incurred or suffered by the Executive in connection therewith, and such 
indemnification shall continue as to the Executives heirs, executors and 
administrators.

9. BENEFITS UPON TERMINATION. The Corporation will provide the following 
benefits upon the termination of the Executives employment with the 
Corporation.

(a) UPON TERMINATION BY THE CORPORATION OTHER THAN FOR CAUSE OR UPON 
TERMINATION BY THE EXECUTIVE FOR GOOD REASON. Upon the Executives 
termination of his employment for Good Reason or the Corporations 
termination of the Executives employment for any reason other than Cause, 
the Corporation will provide, in exchange for the Executive signing a 
Release of Claims in the form attached as Exhibit 9(a) (Release of 
Claims), the following:

(i) SALARY AND MEDICAL BENEFITS.

(A) Current Salary and Medical Benefits. The Executive will receive his 
full salary and fringe benefits through the date of Termination of 
Employment together with any unpaid incentive for a prior period that is 
then due and owing to the Executive.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) Post-Termination Payments.

(i) The Executive shall receive an amount equal to the base salary then in 
effect pursuant to Section 3(a) plus the average of the annual cash 
incentive paid to or earned by the Executive by the Corporation in the 
rolling 3-year period ending on the date of the Executives Termination of 
Employment or, if the Executive has been employed by the Corporation for a 
shorter period, the average of the annual cash incentive paid to or 
earned by the Executive by the Corporation in such shorter one or two year 
period ending on the date of the Executives Termination of Employment. For 
purposes of this Section 9, the term annual cash incentive shall mean 
only the cash incentive compensation actually paid to the Executive during 
such period and the cash incentive compensation actually earned but not yet 
received by the Executive pursuant to Section 3(b) of this Agreement for 
any performance period completed prior to the Executives Termination of 
Employment. Annual cash incentive shall not include any other form of 
compensation or benefit paid or provided to the Executive or any annual 
cash incentive with respect to an uncompleted performance period. Such 
post-termination payment shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum 
within 30 days following the date on which the Executive signs and does not 
revoke the Release of Claims; provided that if the Executives Termination 
of Employment occurs on or after December 31 of any year and the annual 
cash incentive earned for the preceding calendar year has not been 
calculated, and the portion of the post-termination payment related to base 
salary has become payable, the portion related to base salary shall be paid 
at such time and the remaining portion of the post-termination payment 
related to the annual cash incentive shall be paid on the date the 
Executive would otherwise have received such payment if his employment had 
not been terminated; provided, further however, that in all events such 
amount shall be paid, if then payable, before March 15 of the calendar year 
following the calendar year in which occurs the Executives Termination of 
Employment.

(ii) In the event of the Executives Termination of Employment on or before 
December 31, 2016, the Corporation shall pay the Executive the cash 
incentive compensation pursuant to Section 3(b)
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of this Agreement for any then current performance period, provided that 
such payout, if any, shall be based on actual performance results for the 
performance period, shall not exceed the payout at target performance, and 
shall be pro-rated through the date of the Executives Termination of 
Employment. The amounts described in this Section 9(a)(i)(B)(ii), if any, 
shall be paid on the date the Executive would otherwise have received such 
payment if his employment had not been terminated and, in any event, no 
later than March 15 of the calendar year for which the cash incentive 
compensation was earned.

The parties affirm that it is their intent that such post-termination 
payments be excluded from the application of Code Section 409A by reason of 
the short-term deferral rule set forth at Regulation §1.409A-1(b)(4).

(C) Post-Termination Medical Benefits. During the 12-month period following 
the date of the Executives Termination of Employment, the Corporation will 
provide the Executive with continued coverage (100% paid by the 
Corporation) pursuant to COBRA under the Corporations group health and 
dental plans at the level of benefits (whether single or family coverage) 
previously elected by Executive immediately before the Executives 
Termination of Employment and to the extent that the Executive elects to 
continue coverage during such 12-month period. The Executive acknowledges 
that payment of the COBRA premiums by the Corporation will constitute 
taxable income to the Executive. Each month for which the Corporation pays 
COBRA premiums directly reduces the total number of months of the 
Executives COBRA continuation entitlement. The Corporation shall cease to 
have any obligation to pay for such benefits after the calendar month in 
which the Executive becomes employed or provides his services for 
compensation.

(ii) ACCRUED VACATION. The Executive will receive payment for accrued but 
unused vacation, which payment will be equitably prorated based on the 
period of active employment for that portion of the fiscal year in which 
the Executives termination of employment becomes effective. Payment for 
accrued but unused vacation will be paid in one lump sum within 30 days 
following the date of the Executives Termination of Employment.

Executive shall forfeit the severance benefits outlined in this Section 
9(a) in the event that Executive fails to execute and deliver the Release 
of Claims to the Corporation within 21 days (or, if required by applicable 
law, 45 days) from the last day of Executives active employment or revokes 
such Release of Claims prior to the Effective Date (as such term is 
defined in the Release of Claims) of the Release of Claims. Payment of the 
benefits set forth in this Section 9(a) is contingent upon the Executives 
execution of the Release of Claims without revocation within the time 
period described in the immediately preceding sentence.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) UPON TERMINATION BY THE EXECUTIVE ABSENT GOOD REASON OR BY THE 
CORPORATION FOR CAUSE. Upon the Executives termination of employment 
absent Good Reason or by the Corporation for Cause, the Corporation will 
provide the following:

(i) SALARY. The Executive will receive only his bi-weekly salary and fringe 
benefits through the date of Termination of Employment together with any 
unpaid incentive for a prior period that is then due and owing to the 
Executive.

(ii) ACCRUED VACATION. The Executive will receive payment for accrued but 
unused vacation, which payment will be equitably prorated based on the 
period of active employment for that portion of the fiscal year in which 
the Executives termination of employment becomes effective. Payment for 
accrued but unused vacation will be paid in one lump sum within 30 days 
following the date of the Executives Termination of Employment.

(c) UPON TERMINATION FOR DEATH OR DISABILITY.

(i) Upon termination of the Executives employment because of death, the 
Corporation will pay an amount equal to the post-termination salary 
provided for in Section 9(a)(i)(B) above to the Executives estate in a 
lump sum. A lump sum payment made pursuant to this Section 9(c) shall be 
made as soon as practicable following the Executives Termination of 
Employment but, in all events, shall be made before March 15 of the 
calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executives death or 
Disability occurs.

(ii) Upon termination of the Executives employment because of Disability, 
the Corporation will pay an amount equal to the post-termination salary 
provided for in Section 9(a)(i)(B) to the Executive in a lump sum and will 
provide the post-termination medical benefits provided for in Section 
9(a)(i)(C). Such amount shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum within 
30 days following the date on which the Executive signs and does not revoke 
the Release of Claims; provided, however, that in all events such amount 
shall be paid, if then payable, before March 15 of the calendar year 
following the calendar year in which occurs the Executives Termination of 
Employment.

The parties affirm that it is their intent that such amounts payable under 
this Section 9(c) be excluded from the application of Code Section 409A by 
reason of the short-term deferral rule set forth at Regulation 
§1.409A-1(b)(4).

(d) UPON TERMINATION FOLLOWING A CHANGE IN CONTROL. In the event that a 
Termination of Employment by the Corporation for any reason other than for 
Cause, death or Disability, or by the Executive for Good Reason, occurs 
within 6 months before or 24 months after a Change in Control (as defined 
in the Change in Control Agreement), all amounts payable to the Executive 
shall be governed by the terms of the
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
aforementioned Change in Control Agreement (if one is then in effect) in 
lieu of any other payments or benefits under this Agreement, provided 
however that this Section 9(d) shall not affect the timing of amounts due 
under this Section 9 prior to a Change in Control.

(e) DETERMINATION OF DISABILITY. Any question as to the existence of a 
physical or mental condition which would give rise to the Disability of the 
Executive upon which the Executive and the Corporation cannot agree will be 
determined by a qualified independent physician selected by the Executive 
and reasonably acceptable to the Corporation (or, if the Executive is 
unable to make a selection, the selection of the physician will be made by 
any adult member of his immediate family). The physicians written 
determination to the Corporation and to the Executive will be final and 
conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.

(f) CONTINUATION OF HEALTHCARE COVERAGE. For purposes of COBRA continuation 
healthcare coverage, the qualifying event will be deemed to have occurred 
on the effective date of termination of the Executives employment.

10. CONFIDENTIALITY/ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS. During the course of his 
employment, the Executive will have access to confidential information 
relating to the lines of business of the Corporation, its trade secrets, 
marketing techniques, technical and cost data, information concerning 
customers and suppliers, information relating to product lines, and other 
valuable and confidential information relating to the business operations 
of the Corporation not generally available to the public (the Confidential 
Information). The parties hereby acknowledge that any unauthorized 
disclosure or misuse of the Confidential Information could cause 
irreparable damage to the Corporation. The parties also agree that 
covenants by the Executive not to make unauthorized use or disclosures of 
the Confidential Information are essential to the growth and stability of 
the business of the Corporation. Accordingly, the Executive agrees to the 
confidentiality covenants set forth in this Section.

The Executive agrees that, except as required by his duties with the 
Corporation or as authorized by the Board in writing, he will not use or 
disclose to anyone at any time, regardless of whether before or after the 
Executive ceases to be employed by the Corporation, any of the Confidential 
Information obtained by him in the course of his employment with the 
Corporation. The Executive shall not be deemed to have violated this 
Section 10 by disclosure of Confidential Information that at the time of 
disclosure (a) is publicly available or becomes publicly available through 
no act or omission of the Executive, or (b) is disclosed as required by 
court order or as otherwise required by law, on the condition that notice 
of the requirement for such disclosure is given to the Corporation prior to 
make any disclosure.

The Executive agrees that since irreparable damage could result from his 
breach of the covenants in this Section, in addition to any and all other 
remedies available to the Corporation, the Corporation will have the 
remedies of a restraining order, injunction or other equitable relief to 
enforce the provisions thereof. The Executive consents to jurisdiction in 
Erie County, New York on the date of the commencement of any action for
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
purposes of any claims under this Section. In addition, the Executive 
agrees that the issues in any action brought under this Section will be 
limited to claims under this Section, and all other claims or counterclaims 
under other provisions of this Agreement will be excluded.

The Executive hereby sells, assigns and transfers to the Corporation all of 
his right, title and interest in and to all inventions, discoveries, 
improvements and copyrightable subject matter (the rights) which during 
the term of the Executives employment are made or conceived by him, alone 
or with others and which are within or arise out of any general field of 
the Corporations business or arise out of any work he performs or 
information he receives regarding the business of the Corporation while 
employed by the Corporation. The Executive shall fully disclose to the 
Corporation as promptly as available all information known or possessed by 
him concerning the rights referred to in the preceding sentence, and upon 
request by the Corporation and without any further remuneration in any form 
to him by the Corporation, but at the expense of the Corporation, execute 
all applications for patents and for copyright registration, assignments 
thereof and other instruments and do all things which the Corporation may 
deem necessary to vest and maintain in it the entire right, title and 
interest in and to all such rights.

11. NON-COMPETITION; NO DISPARAGEMENT. In consideration of the compensation 
and other benefits to be paid to the Executive under and in connection with 
this Agreement, the Executive agrees that, beginning on the Effective Date 
of this Agreement and continuing until the Covenant Expiration Date (as 
defined in Subsection (b) below), he will not, directly or indirectly, for 
his own account or as agent, employee, officer, director, trustee, 
consultant, partner, stockholder or equity owner of any other corporation 
or any other entity (except that he may passively own securities 
constituting less than 1% of any class of securities of a public company), 
or member of any firm or otherwise,

(i) engage or attempt to engage, in the Restricted Territory (as defined in 
Subsection (d) below), in any business activity which is directly or 
indirectly competitive with the business conducted by the Corporation or 
any Affiliate at the Reference Date (as defined in Subsection (c) below),

(ii) employ or solicit the employment of any person who is employed by the 
Corporation or any Affiliate at the Reference Date or at any time during 
the six-month period preceding the Reference Date, except that the 
Executive will be free to employ or solicit the employment of any such 
person whose employment with the Corporation or any Affiliate has 
terminated for any reason (without any interference from the Executive) and 
who has not been employed by the Corporation or any Affiliate for at least 
6 months; provided, further, that this Section 11(ii) will not prohibit the 
solicitation of personnel as a result of general media advertising or 
solicitation that may be targeted to a particular geographic or technical 
area but that is not targeted towards employees of the Corporation or any 
Affiliate,
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) canvass or solicit business in competition with any business 
conducted by the Corporation or any Affiliate at the Reference Date from 
any person or entity who during the six-month period preceding the 
Reference Date was a customer of the Corporation or any Affiliate or from 
any person or entity which the Executive has reason to believe is or will 
be in the following six months actively solicited by the Corporation or any 
Affiliate to become a customer of the Corporation or any Affiliate as a 
result of marketing efforts, contacts or other facts and circumstances of 
which the Executive is aware, provided however that provided, further, that 
this Section 11(iii) will not prohibit general media advertising that may 
be targeted to a particular geographic area or industry but that is not 
targeted towards customers or prospective customers of the Corporation or 
any Affiliate,

(iv) willfully dissuade or discourage any person or entity from using, 
employing or conducting business with the Corporation or any Affiliate, or

(v) intentionally disrupt or interfere with, or seek to disrupt or 
interfere with, the business or contractual relationship between the 
Corporation or any Affiliate and any supplier who during the six-month 
period preceding the Reference Date shall have supplied components, 
materials or services to the Corporation or any Affiliate.

The Executive will not disparage or make false or adverse statements about 
the Corporation or its Affiliates, and, in such capacity, all of each such 
entitys officers, directors, employees, insurers, agents, attorneys or 
assigns, in their individual and representative capacities, regardless of 
whether before or after the Executive ceases to be employed by the 
Corporation. The Corporation should report to Executive any actions or 
statements that are attributed to Executive that the Corporation believes 
are disparaging. The Corporation may take actions consistent with breach of 
this Agreement should it determine that the Executive has disparaged or 
made false or adverse statements about the Corporation or its Affiliates, 
and, in such capacity, all of each such entitys officers, directors, 
employees, insurers, agents, attorneys or assigns, in their individual and 
representative capacities.

The Corporation and its officers and directors will not disparage or make 
false or adverse statements about the Executive, regardless of whether 
before or after the Executive ceases to be employed by the Corporation. The 
Executive should report to the Corporation any actions or statements that 
are attributed to the Corporations officers and directors that the 
Executive believes are disparaging. The Executive may take actions 
consistent with breach of this Agreement should it determine that the 
Corporations officers and directors have disparaged or made false or 
adverse statements about the Executive.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restrictions imposed by this Section 
shall not in any manner be construed to prohibit, directly or indirectly, 
the Executive from serving as an employee or consultant of the Corporation 
or any Affiliate and performing his duties and responsibilities in 
connection therewith. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms 
have the meanings given to them below:

a. AFFILIATE means any joint venture, partnership or subsidiary now or 
hereafter directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Corporation. 
For purposes of clarification, an entity shall not be deemed to be 
indirectly or directly owned or controlled by the Corporation solely by 
reason of the ownership or control of such entity by shareholders of the 
Corporation.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
b. COVENANT EXPIRATION DATE means the date which is one (1) year after 
the Termination Date (as defined in this Section).

c. REFERENCE DATE means (A) for purposes of applying the covenants set 
forth in this Section at any time prior to the Termination Date, the then 
current date, or (B) for purposes of applying the covenants set forth in 
this Section at any time on or after the Termination Date, the Termination 
Date.

d. RESTRICTED TERRITORY means anywhere in the world where the Corporation 
or any Affiliate conducts or plans to conduct the Business or any other 
business activity, as the case may be, at the Reference Date.

e. TERMINATION DATE means the date of termination of the Executives 
employment with the Corporation; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Executives 
employment will not be deemed to have terminated so long as the Executive 
continues to be employed or engaged as an employee or consultant of the 
Corporation or any Affiliate, even if such employment or engagement 
continues after the expiration of the term of this Agreement, whether 
pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise.

12. SUCCESSORS. This Agreement is personal to the Executive and may not be 
assigned by the Executive other than by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be 
enforceable by the Executives legal representatives or successors in 
interest. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the 
Executive may designate a successor or successors in interest to receive 
any amounts due under this Agreement after the Executives death. If he has 
not designated a successor in interest, payment of benefits under this 
Agreement will be made to his wife, if surviving, and if not surviving, to 
his estate. A designation of a successor in interest must be made in 
writing, signed by the Executive, and delivered to the Employer pursuant to 
Section 16. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, if the 
Executive has not designated a successor in interest, payment of benefits 
under this Agreement will be made to the Executives estate. This Section 
will not supersede any designation of beneficiary or successor in interest 
made by the Executive or provided for under any other plan, practice, or 
program of the Employer.

This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the 
Corporation and its successors and, in the event of a sale of all or 
substantially all its assets, its assigns.

The Corporation will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by 
acquisition of assets, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or 
substantially all of the
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
operations or assets of the Corporation or any successor and without regard 
to the form of transaction used to acquire the operations or assets of the 
Corporation, to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same 
manner and to the same extent that the Corporation would be required to 
perform it if no succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, 
Corporation means the Corporation and any successor to its operations or 
all or substantially all its assets as set forth in this Section that is 
required by this clause to assume and agree to perform this Agreement or 
that otherwise assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement.

13. FAILURE, DELAY OR WAIVER. No course of action or failure to act by the 
Corporation or the Executive will constitute a waiver by the party of any 
right or remedy under this Agreement, and no waiver by either party of any 
right or remedy under this Agreement will be effective unless made in 
writing.

14. SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will 
be interpreted in such a manner as to be enforceable under applicable law. 
However, if any provision of this Agreement is deemed unenforceable under 
applicable law by a court having jurisdiction, the provision will be 
unenforceable only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable without 
invalidating the remainder thereof or any of the remaining provisions of 
this Agreement.

15. NOTICE. All written communications to parties required hereunder must 
be in writing and (a) delivered in person, (b) mailed by registered or 
certified mail, return receipt requested, (such mailed notice to be 
effective 4 days after the date it is mailed) or (c) sent by facsimile 
transmission, with confirmation sent by way of one of the above methods, to 
the party at the address given below for the party (or to any other address 
as the party designates in a writing complying with this Section, delivered 
to the other party):

If to the Corporation:

Computer Task Group, Incorporated
800 Delaware Avenue
Buffalo, New York 14209
Attention: General Counsel
Telephone: 716-882-8000
Telecopier: 716-887-7370

If to the Executive, to the last address maintained by the Corporation for 
payroll purposes.

16. MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or 
terminated orally or by any course of conduct pursued by the Corporation or 
the Executive, but may be amended, modified or terminated only by a written 
agreement duly executed by the Corporation and the Executive and is binding 
upon and inures to the benefit of the Corporation and the Executive and 
each of their respective heirs, representatives, successors and assignees, 
except that the Executive may not assign any of his rights or
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
obligations pursuant to this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in 
this Agreement, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the 
Corporation and the Executive with respect to the subject matter of this 
Agreement, and supersedes all oral and written proposals, representations, 
understandings and agreements previously made or existing with respect to 
such subject matter.

17. TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. This Agreement will terminate when the 
Corporation has made the last payment provided for hereunder; provided, 
however, that the obligations set forth under Sections 8, 9, 10 and 11 of 
this Agreement will survive any termination and will remain in full force 
and effect.

18. MULTIPLE COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counter parts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any party may 
execute this Agreement by facsimile signature and the other party shall be 
entitled to rely on such facsimile signature as evidence that this 
Agreement has been duly executed by such party. Any party executing this 
Agreement by facsimile signature shall immediately forward to the other 
party an original page by overnight mail.

19. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without 
reference to principles of conflict of laws.

20. REPRESENTATION BY EXECUTIVE. The Executive represents to the 
Corporation that he is not subject to any agreement between him and any 
other person, firm or organization that may prevent or restrict in any way 
his ability to provide services to the Corporation pursuant to this 
Agreement or that would otherwise be violated by the performance of his 
obligations under this Agreement. The Executive understands and agrees that 
a breach of this representation shall be considered to be a material breach 
of this Agreement and shall be grounds for immediate termination of 
employment and shall be treated in the same manner as termination for 
Cause.

21. RULE GOVERNING PAYMENT DATES. In any case where this Agreement requires 
the payment of an amount during a period of two or more days that overlaps 
two calendar years, the payee shall have no right to determine the calendar 
year in which payment actually occurs.

22. PARACHUTE PAYMENTS. If the total payments and benefits to be paid to or 
for the benefit of the Executive under this Agreement (the Payment) would 
cause any portion of those payments and benefits to be parachute payments 
as defined in Code Section 280G(b)(2), or any successor provision, the 
total payments and benefits to be paid to or for the benefit of the 
Executive under this Agreement shall be reduced, if applicable, by the 
Corporation to the Adjusted Amount. The  Adjusted Amount shall be the 
Payment reduced to the largest portion of the Payment that would otherwise 
result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the excise tax imposed 
by Code Section 4999 (the Excise Tax). If a reduction in payments or 
benefits is necessary so that the Payment equals the
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Adjusted Amount, reduction shall occur in the following order: first by 
reducing or eliminating the portion of the Payment that is payable in cash, 
second by reducing or eliminating the portion of the Payment that is not 
payable in cash (other than Payments as to which Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.280G-1 Q/A - 24(c) (or any successor provision thereto) applies 
(Q/A-24(c) Payments)), and third by reducing or eliminating Q/A-24(c) 
Payments. In the event that any Q/A-24(c) Payment or acceleration is to be 
reduced, such Q/A-24(c) Payment shall be reduced or cancelled in the 
reverse order of the date of grant of the awards. For purposes of making 
the calculations and determinations under this Section, the Corporation may 
make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning the application 
of Code Sections 280G and 4999. The Executive shall furnish to the 
Corporation such information and documents as the Corporation may 
reasonably request to make the calculations and determinations under this 
Section.

23. SECTION 409A. To the extent that the Corporation determines that any 
compensation or benefit payable under this Agreement constitutes 
nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of 
the Code, and any Treasury Regulations and other interpretive guidance 
issued thereunder (collectively referred to in this Section as Section 
409A), the Agreement is intended, with respect to such compensation or 
benefit, to comply with the applicable requirements of Section 409A or 
satisfy an applicable exception thereto, and this Agreement shall be 
construed and administered in accordance with such intent, provided that 
the Corporation shall not be required to assume any increased economic 
burden in connection therewith. Although the Corporation intends to 
administer this Agreement so that it will comply with the requirements of 
Section 409A, the Corporation does not represent or warrant that this 
Agreement will comply with Section 409A or any other provision of federal, 
state, local or foreign law. Neither the Corporation nor its directors, 
officers, employees or advisers shall be liable to the Executive (or any 
other individual claiming a benefit through the Executive) for any tax, 
interest, or penalties the Executive may owe as a result of compensation or 
benefits paid under this Agreement, and the Corporation shall have no 
obligation to indemnify or otherwise protect the Executive from the 
obligation to pay any taxes pursuant to Section 409A or otherwise or to 
make any gross up payments in respect thereof.

Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any 
compensation or benefit payable hereunder that constitutes a deferral of 
compensation under Section 409A shall be subject to the following:

(a) The parties agree that if any compensation or benefit payable hereunder 
may be subject to the requirements of Section 409A, the Corporation may 
adopt such amendments to this Agreement or take any other actions which are 
intended, with respect to such compensation or benefit, to either (a) 
comply with the applicable requirements of Section 409A or (b) satisfy an 
applicable exception thereto.

(b) If the Executive is deemed at the time of his separation from service 
to be a specified employee for purposes of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), 
to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the compensation or 
benefits to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement is 
required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) (any such delayed commencement, a Payment 
Delay), such compensation or benefits shall be provided to the Executive 
on the earlier to occur of (1) the date that is six months and one day from 
the date of the Executives separation from service with the Corporation 
or (2) the Executives death. Upon the earlier of such dates, all payments 
and benefits deferred pursuant to the Payment Delay shall be paid in a lump 
sum to the Executive, and any remaining compensation and benefits due under 
the Agreement shall be paid or provided as otherwise set forth herein. The 
determination of whether the Executive is a specified employee for 
purposes of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) as of the time of his separation 
from service shall be made by the Corporation in accordance with the terms 
of Section 409A.

(c) Each separately identified amount and each installment payment, to 
which the Executive is entitled to payment shall be deemed to be a separate 
payment for purposes of Section 409A.

(d) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of 
costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Section 
409A, (i) the right to payment or reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall 
not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit, (ii) the 
amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits 
provided, during any taxable year of the Executive shall not affect the 
expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in 
any other taxable year, provided that the foregoing clause (ii) shall not 
be violated by any lifetime and other annual limits provided under the 
Corporations health plans and (iii) such payments shall be made on or 
before the last day of the Executives taxable year following the taxable 
year in which the expense was incurred.

(e) The payment of any compensation or benefit that is subject to the 
requirements of Section 409A may not be accelerated except to the extent 
permitted by Section 409A.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement on the 
date last signed below.
 
Computer Task Group, Incorporated
By: 	  	
/s/ Daniel J. Sullivan
  	Daniel J. Sullivan
Title: 	  	Chairman of the Board of Directors
Date: September 13, 2016
Executive
/s/ Arthur W. Crumlish
Arthur W. Crumlish
Date: February 8, 2017
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT 3(B)

CTG, Inc.
Crumlish Grant Information and Compensation
August 2016
 
 Cash Compensation:
   	 	 	 	   	
 Annual Salary
   	$ 	360,000 	   	   	
 Incentive
   	$ 	360,000 	   	   	
   	
 
 
  	   	
   Annual Cash Compensation (at target)
   	$ 	720,000 	   	   	
   	
 
 
  	   	
EQUITY GRANT INFORMATION 	   	 	 	 	   	
 Current value of a restricted share
   	$ 	4.91 	   	   	
 Current value of an option
   	$ 	1.00 	   	   	
 LTI Equity in dollars to grant to Bud (approx 5/12 of $360k)
   	$ 	160,767 	   	   	
   	
 
 
  	   	
 Grant in half shares
   	  	16,371 	   	   	
 RSUs
 Grant in half options
   	  	80,384 	   	   	
 Options
   	
 
 
  	   	
 Total Units
   	  	96,755 	   	   	
 total units
   	
 
 
  	   	
IN ADDTION 	   	 	 	 	   	
 CEO Commencement grant to Bud of 100,000 Options
   	$ 	100,000 	   	   	
 All options
   	
 
 
  	   	
 Combined Grant $ Value (LTI and CEO Commencement)
   	$ 	260,767 	   	   	
   	
 
 
  	   	
 Combined Units
   	  	196,755 	   	   	
   	
 
 
  	   	
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT 9(A)

RELEASE OF CLAIMS
 
1. 	Parties.

The parties to Release of Claims (hereinafter Release) are Arthur W. 
Crumlish and Computer Task Group, Incorporated, a New York corporation, as 
hereinafter defined.
 
  	1.1 	Executive and Releasing Parties.

For the purposes of this Release, Executive means Arthur W. Crumlish, and 
Releasing Parties means Executive and his attorneys, heirs, legatees, 
personal representatives, executors, administrators, assigns, and spouse.
 
  	1.2 	The Company and the Released Parties.

For the purposes of this Release, the Company means Computer Task Group, 
Incorporated, a New York corporation, and Released Parties means the 
Company and its predecessors and successors, affiliates, and, in such 
capacity, all of each such entitys officers, directors, employees, 
insurers, agents, attorneys or assigns, in their individual and 
representative capacities.
 
2. 	Background And Purpose.

Executive was employed by the Company. Executives employment is ending 
effective                      under the conditions described in Section 7 
of the Employment Agreement (Agreement) by and between Executive and the 
Company dated July 21, 2016.

The purpose of this Release is to settle, and the parties hereby settle, 
fully and finally, any and all claims the Releasing Parties may have 
against the Released Parties, whether asserted or not, known or unknown, 
including, but not limited to, claims arising out of or related to 
Executives employment, any claim for reemployment, or any other claims 
whether asserted or not, known or unknown, past or future, that relate to 
Executives employment, reemployment, or application for reemployment (in 
each case except as set forth below).
 
3. 	Release.

In consideration for the payments and benefits set forth in Section 3 of 
the Agreement and other promises by the Company all of which constitute 
good and sufficient consideration, Executive, for and on behalf of the 
Releasing Parties, waives, acquits and forever discharges the Released 
Parties from any obligations the Released Parties have and all claims the 
Releasing Parties may have as of the Effective Date (as defined in Section 
4 below) of this Release, including but not limited to, obligations and/or 
claims arising from the Agreement (other than any claim Executive may have 
against the
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Company after the date hereof with respect to nonperformance of the payment 
obligations of the Company set forth in Section 3 of the Agreement) or any 
other document or oral agreement relating to employment, compensation, 
benefits, severance or post-employment issues. Executive, for and on behalf 
of the Releasing Parties, hereby releases the Released Parties from any and 
all claims, demands, actions, or causes of action, whether known or 
unknown, arising from or related in any way to any employment of or past 
failure or refusal to employ Executive by the Company, or any other past 
claim that relates in any way to Executives employment, compensation, 
benefits, reemployment, or application for employment, with the exception 
of any claim Executive may have against the Company for enforcement of the 
Agreement. The matters released include, but are not limited to, any claims 
under federal, state or local laws, including the Age Discrimination in 
Employment Act (ADEA) as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection 
Act (OWBPA), any common law tort, contract or statutory claims, and any 
claims for attorneys fees and costs. Further, Executive, for and on behalf 
of the Releasing Parties, waives and releases the Released Parties from any 
claims that this Release was procured by fraud or signed under duress or 
coercion so as to make the Release not binding. Executive is not relying 
upon any representations by the Companys legal counsel in deciding to 
enter into this Release. Executive understands and agrees that by signing 
this Release Executive, for and on behalf of the Releasing Parties, is 
giving up the right to pursue any legal claims that Executive or the 
Releasing Parties may have against the Released Parties with respect to 
the claims released hereby. Provided, nothing in this provision of this 
Release shall be construed to prohibit Executive from challenging the 
validity of the ADEA release in this Section of the Release or from filing 
a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or 
any state agency or from participating in any investigation or proceeding 
conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or state agency. 
However, the Released Parties will assert all such claims have been 
released in a final binding settlement.

Executive understands and agrees that this Release extinguishes all 
released claims, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen. 
Executive expressly waives any rights or benefits under Section 1542 of the 
California Civil Code, or any equivalent statute. California Civil Code 
Section 1542 provides as follows:

A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not 
know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the 
release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or 
her settlement with the debtor.

Executive fully understands that, if any fact with respect to any matter 
covered by this Release is found hereafter to be other than or different 
from the facts now believed by Executive to be true, Executive expressly 
accepts and assumes that this Release shall be and remain effective, 
notwithstanding such difference in the facts.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	3.1 	IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING ADEA RELEASE.

Executive understands and agrees that:
 
  	(a) 	this Release is worded in an understandable way;
 
  	(b) 	claims under ADEA that may arise after the date of this Release are 
not waived;
 
  	(c) 	the rights and claims waived in this Release are in exchange for 
additional consideration over and above any consideration to which 
Executive was already undisputedly entitled;
 
  	(d) 	Executive has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to 
executing this Release and has had sufficient time and opportunity to do 
so;
 
  	(e) 	Executive has been given a period of time of 21 days (or, if 
required by applicable law, 45 days) (the Statutory Period), if desired, 
to consider this Release and understands that Executive may revoke his 
waiver and release of any ADEA claims covered by this Release within seven 
(7) days from the date Executive executes this Release. Notice of 
revocation must be in writing and received by Computer Task Group, 
Incorporated, 800 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York 14209, Attention: 
General Counsel within seven (7) days after Executive signs this Release; 
and
 
  	(f) 	any changes made to this Release, whether material or immaterial, 
will not restart the running of the Statutory Period.
 
  	3.2 	Reservations Of Rights.

This Release shall not affect any rights which Executive may have under any 
medical insurance, disability plan, workers compensation, unemployment 
compensation, indemnifications, applicable company stock incentive plan(s), 
directors and officers insurance or the 401(k) plan maintained by the 
Company.
 
  	3.3 	No Admission Of Liability.

It is understood and agreed that the acts done and evidenced hereby and the 
release granted hereunder is not an admission of liability on the part of 
Executive or the Company or the Released Parties, by whom liability has 
been and is expressly denied.
 
4. 	Effective Date.

The Effective Date of this Release shall be the eighth calendar day after 
it is signed by Executive.
 
5. 	Confidentiality, Proprietary, Trade Secret And Related Information.

Executive acknowledges the duty and agrees not to make unauthorized use or 
disclosure of any confidential, proprietary or trade secret information 
learned as an employee about the Company, its products, customers and 
suppliers, and covenants not
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to breach that duty. Moreover, Executive acknowledges that, subject to the 
enforcement limitations of applicable law, the Company reserves the right 
to enforce the terms of any offer letter, employment agreement, 
confidentially agreement, or any other agreement between Executive and the 
Company and any section(s) therein. Should Executive, Executives attorney 
or agents be requested in any judicial, administrative, or other proceeding 
to disclose confidential, proprietary or trade secret information Executive 
learned as an employee of the Company, Executive shall promptly notify the 
Company of such request in order to enable the Company to take any 
reasonable and appropriate action to limit such disclosure.
 
6. 	Scope Of Release.

The provisions of this Release shall be deemed to obligate, extend to, and 
inure to the benefit of the parties; the Companys parents, subsidiaries, 
affiliates, successors, predecessors, assigns, directors, officers, and 
employees; and each partys insurers, transferees, grantees, legatees, 
agents, personal representatives and heirs, including those who may assume 
any and all of the above-described capacities subsequent to the execution 
and Effective Date of this Release.
 
7. 	Entire Release.

This Release and the Agreement signed by Executive contain the entire 
agreement and understanding between the parties and, except as reserved in 
Sections 3 and 5 of this Release, supersede and replace all prior 
agreements, written or oral, prior negotiations and proposed agreements, 
written or oral. Executive and the Company acknowledge that no other party, 
nor agent nor attorney of any other party, has made any promise, 
representation, or warranty, express or implied, not contained in this 
Release concerning the subject matter of this Release to induce this 
Release, and Executive and the Company acknowledge that they have not 
executed this Release in reliance upon any such promise, representation, or 
warranty not contained in this Release.
 
8. 	Severability.

Every provision of this Release is intended to be severable. In the event 
any term or provision of this Release is declared to be illegal or invalid 
for any reason whatsoever by a court of competent jurisdiction or by final 
and unappealed order of an administrative agency of competent jurisdiction, 
such illegality or invalidity should not affect the balance of the terms 
and provisions of this Release, which terms and provisions shall remain 
binding and enforceable.
 
9. 	References.

The Company agrees to follow the applicable policy(ies) of the Company 
regarding the release of employment reference information to potential 
employers.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10. 	Parties May Enforce Release.

Nothing in this Release shall operate to release or discharge any parties 
to this Release or their successors, assigns, legatees, heirs, or personal 
representatives from any rights, claims, or causes of action arising out 
of, relating to, or connected with a breach of any obligation of any party 
contained in this Release.
 
11. 	Governing Law.

This Release shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws 
of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of laws 
provisions.
 
 
  	 	   	Dated: 	  	
 
Arthur W. Crumlish 	  	 	   	 	  	
 
 STATE OF
   	)
   	)ss.
 County of                                          
   	)

Personally appeared the above named Arthur W. Crumlish and acknowledged the 
foregoing instrument to be his voluntary act and deed.
 
  	Before me: 	  	 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	NOTARY PUBLIC 
  	 	  	 	  	My commission expires:
  	 	  	                                                             
COMPUTER TASK GROUP, INCORPORATED 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Dated: 	  	
 
By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
Its: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
  	On Behalf of Computer Task Group, Incorporated 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
24