 EX-10.19 9 d253212dex1019.htm EX-10.19
Exhibit 10.19

STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

DATED AS OF                     

AMONG

HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.

AND

THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table of Contents
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE I. INTRODUCTORY MATTERS
   	  	1 	  
   1.1
  	Defined Terms 	   	  	1 	  
   1.2
  	Construction 	   	  	3 	  
 ARTICLE II. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
   	  	3 	  
   2.1
  	Election of Directors 	   	  	3 	  
 ARTICLE III. INFORMATION; VCOC
   	  	5 	  
   3.1
  	Books and Records; Access 	   	  	5 	  
   3.2
  	Certain Reports 	   	  	5 	  
   3.3
  	VCOC 	   	  	5 	  
 ARTICLE IV. GENERAL PROVISIONS
   	  	7 	  
   4.1
  	Termination 	   	  	7 	  
   4.2
  	Notices 	   	  	8 	  
   4.3
  	Amendment; Waiver 	   	  	8 	  
   4.4
  	Further Assurances 	   	  	9 	  
   4.5
  	Assignment 	   	  	9 	  
   4.6
  	Third Parties 	   	  	9 	  
   4.7
  	Governing Law 	   	  	9 	  
   4.8
  	Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 	   	  	9 	  
   4.9
  	Specific Performance 	   	  	9 	  
   4.10
  	Entire Agreement 	   	  	10 	  
   4.11
  	Severability 	   	  	10 	  
   4.12
  	Table of Contents, Headings and Captions 	   	  	10 	  
   4.13
  	Grant of Consent 	   	  	10 	  
   4.14
  	Counterparts 	   	  	10 	  
   4.15
  	Effectiveness 	   	  	10 	  
   4.16
  	No Recourse 	   	  	10 	  
 
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

This Stockholders Agreement is entered into as of                           
       by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a Delaware corporation 
(the Company), and each of the other parties identified on the signature 
pages hereto (the Investor Parties).


BACKGROUND:

WHEREAS, Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (Hilton) has distributed its 
entire interest in the Company by way of a dividend of all outstanding 
shares of the Companys Common Stock (as defined below) owned by Hilton to 
holders of Hilton Common Stock (as defined below).

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:


ARTICLE I.
INTRODUCTORY MATTERS

1.1 Defined Terms. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere herein, the 
following terms have the following meanings when used herein with initial 
capital letters:

Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the 
Exchange Act, as in effect on the date hereof.

Agreement means this Stockholders Agreement, as the same may be amended, 
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in 
accordance with the terms hereof.

Beneficially Own has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated 
under the Exchange Act.

Blackstone Designee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).

Blackstone Designator means the Blackstone Party, or any group of 
Blackstone Parties collectively, then holding of record a majority of 
Common Stock held of record by all Blackstone Parties.

Blackstone Entities means the entities comprising the Blackstone Parties 
and their Affiliates.

Blackstone Parties means the entities listed on the signature pages 
hereto under the heading Blackstone Parties and any other Blackstone 
Entities that may from time to time become parties hereto.

Board means the board of directors of the Company.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, federal or New 
York State holiday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City 
are authorized or required by law to close.

Company has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Common Stock means the shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, 
of the Company, and any other stock of the Company into which outstanding 
shares of such stock is reclassified or reconstituted and any other common 
stock of the Company.

Control (including its correlative meanings, Controlled by and under 
common Control with) means possession, directly or indirectly, of the 
power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether 
through ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership 
interests, by contract or otherwise) of a Person.

Director means any director of the Company.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as the same may be 
amended from time to time.

Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state or other 
political subdivision thereof, and any entity exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government.

Hilton Common Stock means the shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per 
share, of Hilton, and any other stock of Hilton into which outstanding 
shares of such stock is reclassified or reconstituted and any other common 
stock of Hilton.

Investor Parties has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

IPO means the initial public offering of Hilton.

Law means any statute, law, regulation, ordinance, rule, injunction, 
order, decree, governmental approval, directive, requirement, or other 
governmental restriction or any similar form of decision of, or 
determination by, or any interpretation or administration of any of the 
foregoing by, any Governmental Authority.

Person means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited 
liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint 
venture, an unincorporated organization, or other form of business 
organization, whether or not regarded as a legal entity under applicable 
Law, or any Governmental Authority or any department, agency or political 
subdivision thereof.

Plan Asset Regulation has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.

Pre-IPO Owners means the Blackstone Entities and the other Persons who 
held Hilton Common Stock at the time of the IPO and any Affiliate thereof 
that shall become a holder of any Hilton Common Stock.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited 
liability company, partnership, association or other business entity of 
which: (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares 
of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to 
vote in the election of directors, representatives or trustees thereof is 
at the time owned or Controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or 
one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination 
thereof; or (ii) if a limited liability company, partnership, association 
or other business entity, a majority of the total voting power of stock (or 
equivalent ownership interest) of the limited liability company, 
partnership, association or other business entity is at the time owned or 
Controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more 
Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, 
a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest 
in a limited liability company, partnership, association or other business 
entity if such Person or Persons shall be allocated a majority of limited 
liability company, partnership, association or other business entity gains 
or losses or shall be or Control the managing member, managing director or 
other governing body or general partner of such limited liability company, 
partnership, association or other business entity.

Total Number of Directors means the total number of directors comprising 
the Board.

Transfer (including its correlative meanings, Transferor, Transferee 
and Transferred) shall mean, with respect to any security, directly or 
indirectly, to sell, contract to sell, give, assign, hypothecate, pledge, 
encumber, grant a security interest in, offer, sell any option or contract 
to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, 
right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of any 
economic, voting or other rights in or to such security. When used as a 
noun, Transfer shall have such correlative meaning as the context may 
require.

VCOC Investor has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.

1.2 Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be 
the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no 
rule of strict construction will be applied against any party. Unless the 
context otherwise requires: (a) or is disjunctive but not exclusive, (b) 
words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the 
singular, and (c) the words hereof, herein, and hereunder and words 
of similar import when used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a 
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section 
references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified.


ARTICLE II.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS

2.1 Election of Directors.

(a) Following the Closing Date, the Blackstone Designator shall have the 
right, but not the obligation, to designate, and the individuals nominated 
for election as Directors by or at the direction of the Board or a 
duly-authorized committee thereof shall include, a
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
number of individuals such that, upon the election of each such individual, 
and each other individual nominated by or at the direction of the Board or 
a duly-authorized committee of the Board, as a Director and taking into 
account any Director continuing to serve as such without the need for 
re-election, the number of Blackstone Designees (as defined below) serving 
as Directors of the Company will be equal to: (i) if the Pre-IPO Owners 
collectively Beneficially Own 50% or more of the total Common Stock as of 
the record date for such meeting, 50% of the Total Number of Directors, 
rounded down to the nearest whole number; (ii) if the Pre-IPO Owners 
collectively Beneficially Own at least 40% (but less than 50%) of the total 
Common Stock as of the record date for such meeting, 40% of the Total 
Number of Directors, rounded down to the nearest whole number; (iii) if the 
Pre-IPO Owners collectively Beneficially Own at least 30% (but less than 
40%) of the total Common Stock as of the record date for such meeting, 30% 
of the Total Number of Directors, rounded down to the nearest whole number; 
(iv) if the Pre-IPO Owners collectively Beneficially Own at least 20% (but 
less than 30%) of the total Common Stock as of the record date for such 
meeting, either (A) 20% of the Total Number of Directors, rounded down to 
the nearest whole number, if the Total Number of Directors is 10 or 
greater, or (B) the lowest whole number that is greater than 20% of the 
Total Number of Directors if the Total Number of Directors is less than 10; 
and (v) if the Pre-IPO Owners collectively Beneficially Own at least 5% 
(but less than 20%) of the total Common Stock as of the record date for 
such meeting, the lowest whole number that is greater than 10% of the Total 
Number of Directors.

(b) If at any time the Blackstone Designator has designated fewer than the 
total number of individuals that the Blackstone Designator is then entitled 
to designate pursuant to Section 2.1(a), the Blackstone Designator shall 
have the right to designate such additional individuals which it is 
entitled to so designate, in which case, any individuals nominated by or at 
the direction of the Board or any duly-authorized committee thereof for 
election as Directors to fill any vacancy on the Board shall include such 
designees, and the Company shall use its best efforts to (x) effect the 
election of such additional designees, whether by increasing the size of 
the Board or otherwise, and (y) cause the election of such additional 
designees to fill any such newly-created vacancies or to fill any other 
existing vacancies. Each such individual whom the Blackstone Designator 
shall actually designate pursuant to this Section 2.1 and who is thereafter 
elected and qualifies to serve as a Director shall be referred to herein as 
a Blackstone Designee.

(c) In the event that a vacancy is created at any time by the death, 
disability, retirement or resignation of any Blackstone Designee, any 
individual nominated by or at the direction of the Board or any 
duly-authorized committee thereof to fill such vacancy shall be, and the 
Company shall use its best efforts to cause such vacancy to be filled, as 
soon as possible, by a new designee of the Blackstone Designator, and the 
Company shall take, to the fullest extent permitted by law, at any time and 
from time to time, all actions necessary to accomplish the same.

(d) The Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, include in 
the slate of nominees recommended by the Board at any meeting of 
stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, the persons 
designated pursuant to this Section 2.1 and use its reasonable best efforts 
to cause the election of each such designee to the Board, including 
nominating each such individual to be elected as a Director as provided 
herein, recommending such individuals election and soliciting proxies or 
consents in favor thereof.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE III.
INFORMATION; VCOC

3.1 Books and Records; Access. The Company shall, and shall cause its 
Subsidiaries to, permit the Blackstone Entities and their respective 
designated representatives, at reasonable times and upon reasonable prior 
notice to the Company, to review the books and records of the Company or 
any of such Subsidiaries and to discuss the affairs, finances and condition 
of the Company or any of such Subsidiaries with the officers of the Company 
or any such Subsidiary; provided, however, that the Company shall not be 
required to disclose any privileged information of the Company so long as 
the Company has used commercially reasonable efforts to enter into an 
arrangement pursuant to which it may provide such information to the 
Blackstone Entities without the loss of any such privilege.

3.2 Certain Reports. The Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to 
the Blackstone Entities, at their request:

(a) to the extent otherwise prepared by the Company, operating and capital 
expenditure budgets and periodic information packages relating to the 
operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries; and

(b) to the extent otherwise prepared by the Company, such other reports and 
information as may be reasonably requested by the Blackstone Entities; 
provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to disclose any 
privileged information of the Company so long as the Company has used 
commercially reasonable efforts to enter into an arrangement pursuant to 
which it may provide such information to the Blackstone Entities without 
the loss of any such privilege.

3.3 VCOC. With respect to each Blackstone Entity that is intended to 
qualify its direct or indirect investment in the Company as a venture 
capital investment as defined in the Department of Labor regulations 
codified at 29 CFR Section 2510.3-101 (the Plan Asset Regulation) (each, 
a VCOC Investor), for so long as the VCOC Investor, directly or through 
one or more subsidiaries, continues to hold any shares of Common Stock (or 
other securities of the Company into which such shares of Common Stock may 
be converted or for which such shares of Common Stock may be exchanged), 
without limitation or prejudice of any the rights provided to the 
Blackstone Entities hereunder, the Company shall, with respect to each such 
VCOC Investor:

(a) provide each VCOC Investor or its designated representative with:

(i) upon reasonable notice and at mutually convenient times, the right to 
visit and inspect any of the offices and properties of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries and inspect and copy the books and records of the Company and 
its Subsidiaries;
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of 
each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, 
consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the 
end of such period, and consolidated statements of income and cash flows of 
the Company and its Subsidiaries for the period then ended prepared in 
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States applied on a consistent basis, except as otherwise noted therein, 
and subject to the absence of footnotes and to year-end adjustments;

(iii) as soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end 
of each fiscal year of the Company, a consolidated balance sheet of the 
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such year, and consolidated 
statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for 
the year then ended prepared in conformity with generally accepted 
accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis, 
except as otherwise noted therein, together with an auditors report 
thereon of a firm of established national reputation;

(iv) to the extent the Company is required by law or pursuant to the terms 
of any outstanding indebtedness of the Company to prepare such reports, any 
annual reports, quarterly reports and other periodic reports pursuant to 
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, actually prepared by the Company 
as soon as available; and

(v) upon written request by the VCOC Investor, copies of all materials 
provided to the Board, subject to appropriate protections with respect to 
confidentiality and preservation of attorney-client privilege;

provided, that, in each case, if the Company makes the information 
described in clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this clause (a) available 
through public filings on the EDGAR System or any successor or replacement 
system of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the delivery of such 
information shall be deemed satisfied;

(b) make appropriate officers and/or Directors of the Company available, 
and cause the officers and directors of its Subsidiaries to be made 
available, periodically and at such times as reasonably requested by each 
VCOC Investor, upon reasonable notice and at mutually convenient times, for 
consultation with such VCOC Investor or its designated representative with 
respect to matters relating to the business and affairs of the Company and 
its Subsidiaries;

(c) to the extent that the VCOC Investor requests to receive such 
information and rights, and to the extent consistent with applicable law, 
rule, regulation or listing standards (and with respect to events which 
require public disclosure, only following the Companys public disclosure 
thereof through applicable securities law filings or otherwise), inform 
each VCOC Investor or its designated representative in advance with respect 
to any significant corporate actions, and to provide (or cause to be 
provided) each VCOC Investor or its designated representative with the 
right to consult with the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to such 
actions should the VCOC Investor elect to do so, provided however, that 
this right to
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
consult must be exercised within five (5) days after the Company informs 
the VCOC Investor of the proposed corporate action and provided further 
that the Company shall be under no obligation to provide the VCOC Investor 
with any material non-public information with respect to such corporate 
action; and

(d) provide each VCOC Investor or its designated representative with such 
other rights of consultation which the VCOC Investors counsel may 
determine in writing to be reasonably necessary under applicable legal 
authorities promulgated after the date hereof to qualify its investment in 
the Company as a venture capital investment for purposes of the Plan 
Asset Regulation, provided that the parties agree that any such rights of 
consultation shall be of a nature consistent with those granted above and 
nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to require the Company to grant 
to the VCOC Investor any additional rights with respect to the governance 
or management of the Company.

The Company agrees to consider, in good faith, the recommendations of each 
VCOC Investor or its designated representative in connection with the 
matters on which it is consulted as described above in this Section 3.3, 
recognizing that the ultimate discretion with respect to all such matters 
shall be retained by the Company.

In the event a VCOC Investor or any of its Affiliates Transfers all or any 
portion of their investment in the Company to an Affiliated entity that is 
intended to qualify as a venture capital operating company (as defined in 
the Plan Asset Regulation), such Transferee shall be afforded the same 
rights with respect to the Company afforded to the VCOC Investor hereunder 
and shall be treated, for such purposes, as a third party beneficiary 
hereunder.

In the event that the Company ceases to qualify as an operating company 
(as defined in the first sentence of 2510.3-101(c)(1) of the Plan Asset 
Regulation), or the investment in the Company by a VCOC Investor does not 
qualify as a venture capital investment as defined in the Plan Asset 
Regulation, then the Company and each Blackstone Entity will cooperate in 
good faith to take all reasonable actions necessary, subject to applicable 
law, to preserve the VCOC status of each VCOC Investor or the qualification 
of the investment as a venture capital investment, it being understood 
that such reasonable actions shall not require a VCOC Investor to purchase 
or sell any investments.


ARTICLE IV.
GENERAL PROVISIONS

4.1 Termination. Except for Section 3.3, this Agreement shall terminate on 
the earlier to occur of (i) such time as the Blackstone Designator is no 
longer entitled to designate a Director pursuant to Section 2.1(a) and (ii) 
the delivery of a written notice by the Blackstone Designator to the 
Company requesting that this Agreement terminate. The VCOC Investors shall 
advise the Company when they collectively first cease to beneficially own 
any of the Companys Common Stock or other securities of the Company into 
which such shares of Common Stock may be converted or for which such shares 
of Common Stock may be exchanged, whereupon Section 3.3 hereof shall 
terminate.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.2 Notices. Any notice, designation, request, request for consent or 
consent provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be 
either personally delivered, or mailed first class mail (postage prepaid) 
or sent by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) to the 
Company at the address set forth below and to any other recipient at the 
address indicated on the Companys records, or at such address or to the 
attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by 
prior written notice to the sending party. Notices and other such documents 
will be deemed to have been given or made hereunder when sent by facsimile 
(receipt confirmed) delivered personally, five (5) days after deposit in 
the U.S. mail and one (1) day after deposit with a reputable overnight 
courier service.

The Companys address is:
Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.
6355 MetroWest Boulevard, Suite 180
Orlando, FL 32835
Attention: General Counsel
Fax: (407) 722-3637

with a copy (not constituting notice) to:

Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP
60 State Street
Boston, MA 02109
Attention: Mark G. Borden
         Jay E. Bothwick
Fax: (617) 526-5000

The Blackstone Entities address is:

The Blackstone Group L.P.
345 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10154
Attention: Tyler Henritze
Fax: (212) 583-5191

with a copy (not constituting notice) to:

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017
Attention: Brian M. Stadler
         Christopher R. May
Fax: (212) 455-2502

4.3 Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement may be amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified only by a written instrument executed by the Company and 
the other parties hereto. Neither the failure nor delay on the part of any 
party hereto to exercise any right,
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver 
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, 
power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of 
any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any 
right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be 
construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with 
respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is 
in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver.

4.4 Further Assurances. The parties hereto will sign such further 
documents, cause such meetings to be held, resolutions passed, exercise 
their votes and do and perform and cause to be done such further acts and 
things necessary, proper or advisable in order to give full effect to this 
Agreement and every provision hereof. To the fullest extent permitted by 
law, the Company shall not directly or indirectly take any action that is 
intended to, or would reasonably be expected to result in, Blackstone or 
any Blackstone Entity being deprived of the rights contemplated by this 
Agreement.

4.5 Assignment. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding 
on the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned without the express prior 
written consent of the other parties hereto, and any attempted assignment, 
without such consents, will be null and void; provided, however, that, 
without the prior written consent of the Company, a Blackstone Party may 
assign this Agreement to an Affiliate that becomes a party hereto.

4.6 Third Parties. Except as provided for in Article II and Section 3.3 
with respect to any Blackstone Entity, this Agreement does not create any 
rights, claims or benefits inuring to any person that is not a party hereto 
nor create or establish any third party beneficiary hereto.

4.7 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to 
principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

4.8 Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. In any judicial proceeding 
involving any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement, each of the parties unconditionally accepts the 
jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the State of Delaware or if 
jurisdiction over the matter is vested exclusively in federal courts, the 
United States District Court for the District of Delaware, and the 
appellate courts to which orders and judgments thereof may be appealed. In 
any such judicial proceeding, the parties agree that in addition to any 
method for the service of process permitted or required by such courts, to 
the fullest extent permitted by law, service of process may be made by 
delivery provided pursuant to the directions in Section 4.2. EACH OF THE 
PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW 
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING ANY DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY 
OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

4.9 Specific Performance. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that in 
the event of any breach of this Agreement by any of them, the other parties 
hereto would be irreparably harmed and could not be made whole by monetary 
damages. Each party accordingly
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
agrees to waive the defense in any action for specific performance that a 
remedy at law would be adequate and agrees that the parties, in addition to 
any other remedy to which they may be entitled at law or in equity, shall 
be entitled to specific performance of this Agreement without the posting 
of bond.

4.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding 
of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. There are 
no agreements, representations, warranties, covenants or understandings 
with respect to the subject matter hereof or thereof other than those 
expressly set forth herein and therein. This Agreement supersedes all other 
prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to 
such subject matter.

4.11 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application 
of such provision to any Person or circumstance or in any jurisdiction, 
shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, (i) the 
remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and each other 
provision hereof shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, (ii) as to such Person or circumstance or in such 
jurisdiction such provision shall be reformed to be valid and enforceable 
to the fullest extent permitted by law and (iii) the application of such 
provision to other Persons or circumstances or in other jurisdictions shall 
not be affected thereby.

4.12 Table of Contents, Headings and Captions. The table of contents, 
headings, subheadings and captions contained in this Agreement are included 
for convenience of reference only, and in no way define, limit or describe 
the scope of this Agreement or the intent of any provision hereof.

4.13 Grant of Consent. Any vote, consent or approval of, or designation by, 
or other action of, the Blackstone Designator hereunder shall be effective 
if notice of such vote, consent, approval, designation or action is 
provided in accordance with Section 4.2 by the Blackstone Party or Parties 
holding of record a majority of the Common Stock then held of record by 
Blackstone Parties as of the latest date any such notice is so provided.

4.14 Counterparts. This Agreement and any amendment hereto may be signed in 
any number of separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an 
original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one Agreement 
(or amendment, as applicable).

4.15 Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective upon the Closing 
Date.

4.16 No Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any 
claims or cause of action that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to 
this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this 
Agreement may only be made against the entities that are expressly 
identified as parties hereto and no past, present or future Affiliate, 
director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, manager, partner, 
stockholder, agent, attorney or representative of any party hereto shall 
have any liability for any obligations or liabilities of the parties to 
this Agreement or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, 
the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Remainder Of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Stockholders 
Agreement on the day and year first above written.
 
COMPANY:
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

[Signature Page to BX-HGV Stockholders Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BLACKSTONE PARTIES:
[BLACKSTONE PARTIES]
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

[Signature Page to BX-HGV Stockholders Agreement]