 EX-10.2 3 atec-ex102_295.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

CERTAIN INFORMATION INDICATED BY [***] HAS BEEN DELETED FROM THIS EXHIBIT 
AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT 
TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT UNDER RULE 24B-2.
 
FIRST Amendment to CREDIT, SECURITY AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT
 
FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT, SECURITY AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this “
Agreement”) is made as of this 30th day of March, 2017 (the “First 
Amendment Effective Date”), by and among ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC., a 
Delaware corporation and ALPHATEC SPINE, INC., a California corporation 
(each individually as a “Borrower”, and collectively as “Borrowers”), the 
other Credit Parties listed on the signature pages hereof, and GLOBUS 
MEDICAL, INC., a Delaware corporation, being referred to herein 
individually as “Lender”.

RECITALS

A.Lender and Borrowers are parties to that certain Credit, Security and 
Guaranty Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2016 (and as further amended, 
modified, supplemented and restated from time to time prior to the date 
hereof, the “Original Credit Agreement” and as the same is amended hereby 
and as it may be further amended, modified, supplemented and restated from 
time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), pursuant to which the Lender has 
agreed to make certain advances of money and to extend certain financial 
accommodations to Borrowers and certain of their Affiliates in the amounts 
and manner set forth in the Credit Agreement.

B.Borrowers have requested, and Lender has agreed, to amend the Original 
Credit Agreement to, among other things, revise the Fixed Charge Coverage 
Ratio set forth in Section 6 of the Original Credit Agreement.  

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Lender and 
Borrowers hereby agree as follows:

1.Recitals.  This Agreement shall constitute a Financing Document and the 
Recitals and each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Original Credit 
Agreement, unless otherwise expressly noted, will be deemed to reference 
the Credit Agreement as amended hereby.  The Recitals set forth above shall 
be construed as part of this Agreement as if set forth fully in the body of 
this Agreement and capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Original Credit Agreement 
(including those capitalize terms used in the Recitals hereto).

2.Amendments to Original Credit Agreement.  Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the conditions 
to effectiveness set forth in Section 5 below, the Original Credit 
Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a)Section 6.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
amending and restating the definition of “Defined Period” in its entirety, 
to read as follows:

“Defined Period” means, for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge 
Coverage Ratio, for (a) [***], and (b) [***].

(b)Section 6.3 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
replacing the date of [***] contained therein with the date of [***].

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c)Exhibit B (Compliance Certificate) to the Original Credit Agreement is 
hereby amended by replacing the date “April 30, 2017” in the parenthetical 
therein, with the date “April 30, 2018”.

3.Representations and Warranties; Reaffirmation of Security Interest; 
Updated Schedules. Each Credit Party hereby (a) confirms that all of the 
representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement are true 
and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any 
materiality qualifier in the text of such representation or warranty) with 
respect to such Credit Party as of the date hereof except to the extent 
that any such representation or warranty relates to a specific date in 
which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of 
such earlier date, and (b) covenants to perform its respective obligations 
under the Credit Agreement.   Each Credit Party confirms and agrees that 
all security interests and Liens granted to Lender continue in full force 
and effect, and all Collateral remains free and clear of any Liens, other 
than those granted to Lender and Permitted Liens.  Except as specifically 
provided in this Agreement, nothing herein is intended to impair or limit 
the validity, priority or extent of Lender’s security interests in and 
Liens on the Collateral.  Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that 
the Credit Agreement, the other Financing Documents and this Agreement 
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Credit Party, 
and are enforceable against each Credit Party in accordance with their 
terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors’ 
rights generally and by general equitable principles.

4.Costs and Fees.  Borrowers shall be responsible for the payment of all 
fees, costs and expenses as provided in Section 12.14(a) of the Credit 
Agreement.  

5.Conditions to Effectiveness.  This Agreement shall become effective as of 
the date on which each of the following conditions has been satisfied, as 
determined by Lender in its sole discretion:

(a)Lender shall have received a corresponding fully executed amendment to 
the Midcap Facility Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to 
Lender, which amendment is in full force and effect;

(b)Borrowers shall have delivered to Lender a copy of the fully executed 
Equity Documents, which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to 
Lender;

(c)Borrowers shall have delivered to Lender evidence satisfactory to Lender 
that Borrowers have received unrestricted net cash proceeds (net of 
underwriting discount) from the issuance by Alphatec Holdings of its common 
or preferred shares on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, in 
an aggregate amount equal to or greater than $17,000,000 pursuant to the 
transaction documents delivered to the Lender (the “Equity Documents”);

(d)all of the representations and warranties of Borrowers set forth in the 
herein and in the other Financing Documents are true and correct in all 
material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier in the 
text of such representation or warranty) with respect to such Borrower as 
of the date hereof except to the extent that any such representation or 
warranty relates to a specific date in which case such representations and 
warranties were true and correct in all material respects (without 
duplication of any materiality qualifier in the text of such representation 
or warranty) on and as of such date (and such parties’ delivery of their 
respective signatures hereto shall be deemed to be its certification 
thereof);

(e)no Default or Event of Default shall exist under any of the Financing 
Documents (and such parties’ delivery of their respective signatures hereto 
shall be deemed to be its certification thereof);

(f)Borrowers shall have delivered such other documents, information, 
certificates, records, permits, and filings as the Lender may reasonably 
request; and

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(g)Lender shall have received from Borrowers all of the fees owing pursuant 
to this Agreement, including without limitation, Lender’s reasonable 
out-of-pocket legal fees and expenses pursuant to Section 4 of this 
Agreement.

6.Release.  In consideration of the agreements of Lender contained herein 
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency 
of which is hereby acknowledged, each Credit Party, voluntarily, knowingly, 
unconditionally and irrevocably, with specific and express intent, for and 
on behalf of itself and all of its respective parents, subsidiaries, 
affiliates, members, managers, predecessors, successors, and assigns, and 
each of their respective current and former directors, officers, 
shareholders, agents, and employees, and each of their respective 
predecessors, successors, heirs, and assigns (individually and 
collectively, the “Releasing Parties”) does hereby fully and completely 
release, acquit and forever discharge Lender, and each its respective 
parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, managers, shareholders, 
directors, officers and employees, and each of their respective 
predecessors, successors, heirs, and assigns (individually and 
collectively, the “Released Parties”), of and from any and all actions, 
causes of action, suits, debts, disputes, damages, claims, obligations, 
liabilities, costs, expenses and demands of any kind whatsoever, at law or 
in equity, whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, vested 
or contingent, choate or inchoate, known or unknown that the Releasing 
Parties (or any of them) has against the Released Parties or any of them 
(whether directly or indirectly), based in whole or in part on facts, 
whether or not now known, existing on or before the Effective Date, that 
relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with: (i) any or all 
of the Financing Documents, or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or 
relationships between or among any or all of the Credit Parties, on the one 
hand, and any or all of the Released Parties, on the other hand, relating 
to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions 
referenced in clause (i) hereof.  Each Credit Party acknowledges that the 
foregoing release is a material inducement to Lender’s decision to enter 
into this Agreement and agree to the modifications contemplated hereunder, 
and has been relied upon by Lender in connection therewith.

7.No Waiver or Novation.  The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this 
Agreement shall not, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, 
operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Lender, nor constitute 
a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement, the Financing Documents 
or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed or delivered in 
connection with any of the foregoing.  Nothing herein is intended or shall 
be construed as a waiver of any existing Defaults or Events of Default 
under the Credit Agreement or other Financing Documents or any of Lender’s 
rights and remedies in respect of such Defaults or Events of Default.  This 
Agreement (together with any other document executed in connection 
herewith) is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed as, a novation 
of the Credit Agreement.

8.Affirmation.  Except as specifically amended pursuant to the terms 
hereof, each Credit Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Credit 
Agreement and all other Financing Documents (and all covenants, terms, 
conditions and agreements therein) shall remain in full force and effect, 
and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by the Credit 
Parties.  Each Credit Party covenants and agrees to comply with all of the 
terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the Financing 
Documents, notwithstanding any prior course of conduct, waivers, releases 
or other actions or inactions on Lender’s part which might otherwise 
constitute or be construed as a waiver of or amendment to such terms, 
covenants and conditions.  Each Credit Party hereby agrees that (i) all 
representations and warranties of the Credit Parties contained in the 
Original Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents are true and 
correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality 
qualifier in the text of such representation or warranty) as of the date 
hereof (and such parties’ delivery of their respective signatures hereto 
shall be deemed to be its certification thereof), except to the extent such 
representations and warranties expressly relate to a specific date, in 
which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all 
material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier in the 
text of such representation or warranty) on and as of such date and (ii) no 
Default or Event of Default shall exist under any of the Financing 
Documents (and each Credit Party’s delivery of its signatures hereto shall 
be deemed to be its certification thereof);

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

9.Confidentiality. No Credit Party will disclose the contents of this 
Agreement, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Financing Documents to 
any third party (including, without limitation, any financial institution 
or intermediary) without Lender’s prior written consent, other than to such 
Credit Party’s officers and advisors on a need-to-know basis or as 
otherwise may be required by Law, including to any court or regulatory 
agency having jurisdiction over such Credit Party.  Each Credit Party 
agrees to inform all such persons who receive information concerning this 
Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents that such 
information is confidential and may not be disclosed to any other person 
except as may be required by Law, including to any court or regulatory 
agency having jurisdiction over such Credit Party.  

10.Miscellaneous.

(a)Reference to the Effect on the Credit Agreement. Upon the effectiveness 
of this Agreement, each reference in the Credit Agreement to “this 
Agreement,” “hereunder,” “hereof,” “herein,” or words of similar import 
shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this 
Agreement.  Except as specifically amended above, the Credit Agreement, and 
all other Financing Documents (and all covenants, terms, conditions and 
agreements therein), shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby 
ratified and confirmed in all respects by Borrowers.  

(b)Incorporation of Credit Agreement Provisions.  The provisions contained 
in Section 12.14 (Indemnification), Section 12.8 (Governing Law; Submission 
to Jurisdiction) and Section 12.9 (Waiver of Jury Trial) of the Credit 
Agreement are incorporated herein by reference to the same extent as if 
reproduced herein in their entirety.

(c)Headings.  Section headings in this Agreement are included for 
convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this 
Agreement for any other purpose.

(d)Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which 
when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery 
of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or by electronic 
mail delivery of an electronic version (e.g., .pdf or .tif file) of an 
executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of an original 
executed counterpart hereof and shall bind the parties hereto.

(e)Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding among the parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior 
agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject 
matter hereof.

(f)Severability.  In case any provision of or obligation under this 
Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any applicable 
jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other 
jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

(g)Successors/Assigns.  This Agreement shall bind, and the rights hereunder 
shall inure to, the respective successors and assigns of the parties 
hereto, subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other 
Financing Documents.

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGES]

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, intending to be legally bound, and intending that this 
document constitute an agreement executed under seal, the undersigned have 
executed this Agreement under seal as of the day and year first hereinabove 
set forth.
 
LENDER
GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC.
 
 
 
By:
/s/  Dan T. Scavilla
 
Name:
Dan T. Scavilla
 
Title:
CFO

[Signatures Continue on Following Page]

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
BORROWERS:
ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.,  
 
a Delaware corporation
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey G. Black
 
Name:
Jeffrey G. Black
 
Title:
EVP, CFO
 
 
 
ALPHATEC SPINE, INC.,
 
a California corporation
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Jeffrey G. Black
 
Name:
Jeffrey G. Black
 
Title:
EVP, CFO
 

 