 EX-10.8 6 d102835dex108.htm EX-10.8
Exhibit 10.8

GUARANTY AGREEMENT

THIS GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this Guaranty) is executed as of October 7, 
2016, by PARK INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company having its principal place of business at c/o Park Hotels & 
Resorts, Inc., 7930 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102 (together 
with its successors and permitted assigns, Guarantor), JPMORGAN CHASE 
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a banking association chartered under the laws 
of the United States of America, having an address at 383 Madison Avenue, 
New York, New York 10179, DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, a branch of 
Deutsche Bank AG, a German bank authorized by the New York Department of 
Financial Services, having an address at 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 
10005, GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE COMPANY, a Delaware limited partnership 
having an address at 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282, BARCLAYS 
BANK PLC, a public company registered in England and Wales, having an 
address at 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, and MORGAN STANLEY 
BANK, N.A., a national banking association having an address at 1585 
Broadway, 25th Floor, New York, New York 10036 (together with their 
respective successors and assigns, each, a Co-Lender and, collectively, 
Lender).


W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of the date 
hereof (the Loan Agreement), by and among S.F. Hilton LLC (the SF 
Borrower), P55 Hotel Owner LLC (P55 Borrower and together with SF 
Borrower, Borrower), San Francisco Lessee LLC (SF Operating Lessee), 
Parc 55 Lessee LLC (P55 Operating Lessee and together with SF Operating 
Lessee, Operating Lessee) and Lender, Lender made a loan to Borrower in 
the aggregate principal amount of Seven Hundred Twenty-Five Million and 
No/100 DOLLARS ($725,000,000.00) (the Loan), which Loan is evidenced by 
the Note (as defined in the Loan Agreement), and secured by, among other 
things, each Mortgage (as defined in the Loan Agreement);

WHEREAS, Lender is not willing to make the Loan, or otherwise extend 
credit, to Borrower unless Guarantor unconditionally guarantees payment and 
performance to Lender of the Guaranteed Obligations (as herein defined); 
and

WHEREAS, Guarantor is the owner of a direct or indirect interest in 
Borrower and Operating Lessee, and Guarantor will directly benefit from 
Lenders making the Loan to Borrower.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOW, THEREFORE, as an inducement to Lender to make the Loan to Borrower, 
and to extend such additional credit as Lender may from time to time agree 
to extend under the Loan Documents, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and legal sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties do hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I

NATURE AND SCOPE OF GUARANTY

1.1 Guaranty of Obligation. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, 
Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to Lender and 
its successors and assigns the payment and performance of the Guaranteed 
Obligations as and when the same shall be due and payable, whether by lapse 
of time, by acceleration of maturity or otherwise. Guarantor hereby 
irrevocably and unconditionally covenants and agrees that it is liable for 
the Guaranteed Obligations as a primary obligor.

1.2 Definition of Guaranteed Obligations.

(a) As used herein, the term Guaranteed Obligations means all obligations 
and liabilities of Borrower and Operating Lessee pursuant to Section 9.3(b) 
and (c) of the Loan Agreement.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guaranty or any of the 
other Loan Documents: (i) the aggregate liability of Guarantor with respect 
to the Guaranteed Obligations set forth in Section 9.3(c) of the Loan 
Agreement shall not exceed an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the 
principal balance of the Loan outstanding at the time of the occurrence of 
such event, plus any and all reasonable third-party costs actually incurred 
by Lender (including reasonable attorneys fees and costs reasonably 
incurred) in connection with the collection of amounts due thereunder and 
(ii) Guarantor shall have no liability with respect to Section 9.3(b)(v) 
of the Loan Agreement with respect to failures to pay trade payables or 
operational debt in the ordinary course of business if (A) the Property 
does not generate sufficient revenue to pay such trade payables or 
operational debt or (B) if the funds held in the Cash Management Account, 
the Reserve Funds or other Lender reserves or escrows, in each case, 
identified to pay such expenses have not been made available to Borrower or 
Operating Lessee to pay such obligations or have otherwise not been applied 
by Lender to such obligations and in no event shall Guarantor be required 
to fund any additional capital contributions or make any loans to Borrower 
or Operating Lessee.

(c) In addition to the limitations set forth in Section 1.2(b) above, 
Guarantor shall have no obligations under this Guaranty or otherwise with 
respect to the Guaranteed Obligations arising out of acts or omissions not 
taken by or at the direction of Guarantor occurring after the date of (i) a 
Transfer resulting from the exercise of Lenders rights under the Loan 
Documents or (ii) the consummation of any remedial or enforcement action by 
the Lender under the Loan Documents or with respect to the Property, 
including, without limitation, any foreclosure, deed-in-lieu or assignment 
in lieu of foreclosure.

1.3 Nature of Guaranty. This Guaranty is an irrevocable, absolute, 
continuing guaranty of payment and performance and not a guaranty of 
collection. This Guaranty may not be revoked by Guarantor and shall 
continue to be effective with respect to any Guaranteed Obligations arising 
or created after any attempted revocation by Guarantor and after (if 
Guarantor is a natural person) Guarantors death (in which event this 
Guaranty shall be binding upon Guarantors estate and Guarantors legal 
representatives and heirs). The fact that
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
at any time or from time to time the Guaranteed Obligations may be 
increased or reduced shall not release or discharge the obligation of 
Guarantor to Lender with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations. This 
Guaranty may be enforced by Lender and any subsequent holder of the Note 
and shall not be discharged by the assignment or negotiation of all or part 
of the Note.

1.4 Guaranteed Obligations Not Reduced by Offset. The Guaranteed 
Obligations and the liabilities and obligations of Guarantor to Lender 
hereunder, shall not be reduced, discharged or released because or by 
reason of any existing or future offset, claim or defense of Borrower or 
Operating Lessee, or any other party, against Lender or against payment of 
the Guaranteed Obligations, whether such offset, claim or defense arises in 
connection with the Guaranteed Obligations (or the transactions creating 
the Guaranteed Obligations) or otherwise.

1.5 Payment By Guarantor. If all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations 
shall not be punctually paid when due, whether at demand, maturity, 
acceleration or otherwise, Guarantor shall, immediately upon demand by 
Lender, and without presentment, protest, notice of protest, notice of 
non-payment, notice of intention to accelerate the maturity, notice of 
acceleration of the maturity, or any other notice whatsoever, pay in lawful 
money of the United States of America, the amount due on the Guaranteed 
Obligations to Lender at Lenders address as set forth herein. Such 
demand(s) may be made at any time coincident with or after the time for 
payment of all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations, and may be made from 
time to time with respect to the same or different items of Guaranteed 
Obligations. Such demand shall be deemed made, given and received in 
accordance with the notice provisions hereof.

1.6 No Duty To Pursue Others. It shall not be necessary for Lender (and 
Guarantor hereby waives any rights which Guarantor may have to require 
Lender), in order to enforce the obligations of Guarantor hereunder, first 
to (a) institute suit or exhaust its remedies against Borrower, Operating 
Lessee or others liable on the Loan or the Guaranteed Obligations or any 
other Person, (b) enforce Lenders rights against any collateral which 
shall ever have been given to secure the Loan, (c) enforce Lenders rights 
against any other guarantors of the Guaranteed Obligations, (d) join 
Borrower, Operating Lessee or any others liable on the Guaranteed 
Obligations in any action seeking to enforce this Guaranty, (e) exhaust any 
remedies available to Lender against any collateral which shall ever have 
been given to secure the Loan, or (f) resort to any other means of 
obtaining payment of the Guaranteed Obligations. Lender shall not be 
required to mitigate damages or take any other action to reduce, collect or 
enforce the Guaranteed Obligations.

1.7 Waivers. Guarantor agrees to the provisions of the Loan Documents, and 
hereby waives notice of (a) any loans or advances made by Lender to 
Borrower, (b) acceptance of this Guaranty, (c) any amendment or extension 
of the Note, any Mortgage, the Loan Agreement or of any other Loan 
Documents, (d) the execution and delivery by Borrower, Operating Lessee and 
Lender of any other loan or credit agreement or of Borrowers or Operating 
Lessees execution and delivery of any promissory notes or other documents 
arising under the Loan Documents or in connection with the Properties, (e) 
the occurrence of any Default or an Event of Default, (f) except as 
specifically provided in the Loan Documents, Lenders transfer or 
disposition of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part thereof, (g) except 
as specifically provided in the Loan Documents, sale or foreclosure (or 
posting or advertising for
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
sale or foreclosure) of any collateral for the Loan, (h) except as 
specifically provided in the Loan Documents, protest, proof of non-payment 
or default by Borrower or Operating Lessee, or (i) except as specifically 
provided herein or in the other Loan Documents, any other action at any 
time taken or omitted by Lender, and, generally, all demands and notices of 
every kind in connection with this Guaranty, the Loan Documents, any 
documents or agreements evidencing, securing or relating to any of the 
Guaranteed Obligations.

1.8 Payment of Expenses. In the event that Guarantor should breach or fail 
to timely perform any provisions of this Guaranty, Guarantor shall, within 
ten (10) Business Days after demand by Lender, pay Lender all reasonable 
out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including court costs and reasonable 
third-party attorneys fees) incurred by Lender in the enforcement hereof 
or the preservation of Lenders rights hereunder. The covenant contained in 
this Section shall survive the payment and performance of the Guaranteed 
Obligations.

1.9 Effect of Bankruptcy. In the event that, pursuant to any insolvency, 
bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other debtor relief law, or any 
judgment, order or decision thereunder, Lender must rescind or restore any 
payment, or any part thereof, received by Lender in satisfaction of the 
Guaranteed Obligations, as set forth herein, any prior release or discharge 
from the terms of this Guaranty given to Guarantor by Lender shall be 
without effect, and this Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect. It 
is the intention of Borrower, Operating Lessee and Guarantor that 
Guarantors obligations hereunder shall not be discharged except by 
Guarantors performance of such obligations and then only to the extent of 
such performance.

1.10 Waiver of Subrogation, Reimbursement and Contribution. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in this Guaranty, until the Debt is 
indefeasibly paid in full, Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably 
waives, releases and abrogates any and all rights it may now or hereafter 
have under any agreement, at law or in equity (including, without 
limitation, any law subrogating Guarantor to the rights of Lender), to 
assert any claim against or seek contribution, indemnification or any other 
form of reimbursement from Borrower, Operating Lessee or any other party 
liable for payment of any or all of the Guaranteed Obligations for any 
payment made by Guarantor under or in connection with this Guaranty.

1.11 Borrower and Operating Lessee. The term Borrower and the term 
Operating Lessee as used herein shall include any new or successor 
corporation, association, partnership (general or limited), limited 
liability company, joint venture, trust or other individual or organization 
formed as a result of any merger, reorganization, sale, transfer, devise, 
gift or bequest of Borrower or Operating Lessee, as applicable, or any 
interest in Borrower or Operating Lessee, as applicable.
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE II

EVENTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES NOT REDUCING
OR DISCHARGING GUARANTORS OBLIGATIONS

Guarantor hereby consents and agrees to each of the following, and agrees 
that Guarantors obligations under this Guaranty shall not be released, 
diminished, impaired, reduced or adversely affected by any of the 
following, and waives any common law, equitable, statutory or other rights 
(including without limitation rights to notice) which Guarantor might 
otherwise have as a result of or in connection with any of the following:

2.1 Modifications. Any renewal, extension, increase, modification, 
alteration or rearrangement of all or any part of the Guaranteed 
Obligations, the Note, any Mortgage, the Loan Agreement, the other Loan 
Documents, or any other document, instrument, contract or understanding 
between Borrower, Operating Lessee and Lender, or any other parties, 
pertaining to the Guaranteed Obligations or any failure of Lender to notify 
Guarantor of any such action.

2.2 Adjustment. Any adjustment, indulgence, forbearance or compromise that 
might be granted or given by Lender to Borrower, Operating Lessee or any 
Guarantor.

2.3 Condition of Borrower, Operating Lessee or Guarantor. The insolvency, 
bankruptcy, arrangement, adjustment, composition, liquidation, disability, 
dissolution or lack of power of Borrower, Operating Lessee, Guarantor or 
any other party at any time liable for the payment of all or part of the 
Guaranteed Obligations; or any dissolution of Borrower, Operating Lessee or 
Guarantor, or any sale, lease or transfer of any or all of the assets of 
Borrower, Operating Lessee or Guarantor, or any changes in the 
shareholders, partners or members of Borrower, Operating Lessee or 
Guarantor; or any reorganization of Borrower, Operating Lessee or 
Guarantor.

2.4 Invalidity of Guaranteed Obligations. The invalidity, illegality or 
unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any 
document or agreement executed in connection with the Guaranteed 
Obligations, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation the 
fact that (a) the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part thereof, exceeds the 
amount permitted by law, (b) the act of creating the Guaranteed Obligations 
or any part thereof is ultra vires, (c) the officers or representatives 
executing the Note, any Mortgage, the Loan Agreement or the other Loan 
Documents or otherwise creating the Guaranteed Obligations acted in excess 
of their authority, (d) the Guaranteed Obligations violate applicable usury 
laws, (e) Borrower or Operating Lessee has valid defenses, claims or 
offsets (whether at law, in equity or by agreement) which render the 
Guaranteed Obligations wholly or partially uncollectible from Borrower or 
Operating Lessee other than the payments on the Loan made by Borrower or 
Operating Lessee, (f) the creation, performance or repayment of the 
Guaranteed Obligations (or the execution, delivery and performance of any 
document or instrument representing part of the Guaranteed Obligations or 
executed in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations, or given to secure 
the repayment of the Guaranteed Obligations) is illegal, uncollectible or 
unenforceable, or (g) the Note, any Mortgage, the Loan Agreement or any of 
the
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
other Loan Documents have been forged or otherwise are irregular or not 
genuine or authentic, it being agreed that Guarantor shall remain liable 
hereon regardless of whether Borrower, Operating Lessee or any other person 
be found not liable on the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof for 
any reason.

2.5 Release. Any full or partial release of the liability of Borrower or 
Operating Lessee on the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part thereof, or of 
any co-guarantors, or any other Person now or hereafter liable, whether 
directly or indirectly, jointly, severally, or jointly and severally, to 
pay, perform, guarantee or assure the payment of the Guaranteed 
Obligations, or any part thereof, it being recognized, acknowledged and 
agreed by Guarantor that Guarantor may be required to pay the Guaranteed 
Obligations in full without assistance or support of any other party, and 
Guarantor has not been induced to enter into this Guaranty on the basis of 
a contemplation, belief, understanding or agreement that other parties will 
be liable to pay or perform the Guaranteed Obligations, or that Lender will 
look to other parties to pay or perform the Guaranteed Obligations.

2.6 Other Collateral. The taking or accepting of any other security, 
collateral or guaranty, or other assurance of payment, for all or any part 
of the Guaranteed Obligations.

2.7 Release of Collateral. Any release, surrender, exchange, subordination, 
deterioration, waste, loss or impairment (including without limitation 
negligent, willful, unreasonable or unjustifiable impairment) of any 
collateral, property or security at any time existing in connection with, 
or assuring or securing payment of, all or any part of the Guaranteed 
Obligations.

2.8 Care and Diligence. The failure of Lender or any other party to 
exercise diligence or reasonable care in the preservation, protection, 
enforcement, sale or other handling or treatment of all or any part of any 
collateral, property or security, including but not limited to any neglect, 
delay, omission, failure or refusal of Lender (a) to take or prosecute any 
action for the collection of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or (b) to 
foreclose, or initiate any action to foreclose, or, once commenced, 
prosecute to completion any action to foreclose upon any security therefor, 
or (c) to take or prosecute any action in connection with any instrument or 
agreement evidencing or securing all or any part of the Guaranteed 
Obligations.

2.9 Unenforceability. The fact that any collateral, security, security 
interest or lien contemplated or intended to be given, created or granted 
as security for the repayment of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part 
thereof, shall not be properly perfected or created, or shall prove to be 
unenforceable or subordinate to any other security interest or lien, it 
being recognized and agreed by Guarantor that Guarantor is not entering 
into this Guaranty in reliance on, or in contemplation of the benefits of, 
the validity, enforceability, collectibility or value of any of the 
collateral for the Guaranteed Obligations.

2.10 Offset. The Guaranteed Obligations and the liabilities and obligations 
of the Guarantor under this Guaranty to Lender shall not be reduced, 
discharged or released because of or by reason of any existing or future 
right of offset, claim or defense of Borrower or Operating Lessee against 
Lender, or any other party, or against payment of the
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guaranteed Obligations, whether such right of offset, claim or defense 
arises in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations (or the transactions 
creating the Guaranteed Obligations) or otherwise, other than payment of 
the Guaranteed Obligations.

2.11 Merger. The reorganization, merger or consolidation of Borrower or 
Operating Lessee into or with any other Person.

2.12 Preference. Any payment by Borrower or Operating Lessee to Lender is 
held to constitute a preference under bankruptcy laws, or for any reason 
Lender is required to refund such payment or pay such amount to Borrower, 
Operating Lessee or any other Person.

2.13 Other Actions Taken or Omitted. Any other action taken or omitted to 
be taken with respect to the Loan Documents, the Guaranteed Obligations, or 
the security and collateral therefor, whether or not such action or 
omission prejudices Guarantor or increases the likelihood that Guarantor 
will be required to pay the Guaranteed Obligations pursuant to the terms 
hereof. It is the unambiguous and unequivocal intention of Guarantor that 
Guarantor shall be obligated to pay the Guaranteed Obligations when due, 
notwithstanding any occurrence, circumstance, event, action, or omission 
whatsoever, whether contemplated or uncontemplated, and whether or not 
otherwise or particularly described herein, which obligation shall be 
deemed satisfied only upon the full and final payment and satisfaction of 
the Guaranteed Obligations.


ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

To induce Lender to enter into the Loan Documents and extend credit to 
Borrower, Guarantor represents and warrants to Lender as follows:

3.1 Benefit. Guarantor is an Affiliate of Borrower and Operating Lessee, is 
the owner of a direct or indirect interest in Borrower and Operating 
Lessee, and has received, or will receive, direct or indirect benefit from 
the making of this Guaranty with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations.

3.2 Familiarity and Reliance. Guarantor is familiar with, and has 
independently reviewed books and records regarding, the financial condition 
of Borrower and Operating Lessee and is familiar with the value of any and 
all collateral intended to be created as security for the payment of the 
Note or Guaranteed Obligations; however, Guarantor is not relying on such 
financial condition or the collateral as an inducement to enter into this 
Guaranty.

3.3 No Representation By Lender. Neither Lender nor any other party has 
made any representation, warranty or statement to Guarantor in order to 
induce Guarantor to execute this Guaranty.

3.4 Guarantors Financial Condition. Guarantor is, and after giving effect 
to this Guaranty and the contingent obligation evidenced hereby, will be, 
solvent, and has
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and will have assets which, fairly valued, exceed its obligations, 
liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and debts, and has and will 
have property and assets sufficient to satisfy and repay its obligations 
and liabilities.

3.5 Legality. The execution, delivery and performance by Guarantor of this 
Guaranty and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder do 
not, and will not, contravene or conflict with any law, statute or 
regulation whatsoever to which Guarantor is subject or constitute a default 
(or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a 
default) under, or result in the breach of, any indenture, mortgage, deed 
of trust, charge, lien, or any contract, agreement or other instrument to 
which Guarantor is a party or which may be applicable to Guarantor. This 
Guaranty is a legal and binding obligation of Guarantor and is enforceable 
against Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as limited by 
bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or 
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, general equitable 
principles and a covenant of good faith and fair dealing.

3.6 Litigation. There are no actions, suits or proceedings at law or in 
equity by or before any Governmental Authority now pending or, to the 
knowledge of Guarantor, threatened against Guarantor, which actions, suits 
or proceedings, if determined against Guarantor would be reasonably likely 
to materially adversely affect the condition (financial or otherwise) or 
business of Guarantor.

3.7 No Plan Assets. Guarantor is not an employee benefit plan, as defined 
in Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to Title I of ERISA, and 
none of the assets of Guarantor constitute or will constitute plan assets 
of any benefit plan investor within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 
2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset 
Regulations). Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or 
in the aggregate, to have a materially adverse effect on Guarantor, neither 
Guarantor nor any ERISA Affiliate is or was obligated to contribute to any 
employee benefit plan (as so defined) subject to Title IV of ERISA. 
Transactions contemplated hereunder by or with Guarantor are not subject to 
any state or other statute or regulation with respect to governmental plans 
within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA which are substantially 
similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code currently in effect and which prohibit the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, but not limited to 
the exercise by Lender of any of its rights under the Loan Documents.

3.8 ERISA. (a) Assuming compliance by the Lender of the representation in 
Section 5.2.9(d) of the Loan Agreement, Guarantor shall not engage in any 
transactions contemplated under the Loan Agreement or the other Loan 
Documents which would cause any obligation, or action taken or to be taken, 
thereunder (or the exercise by Lender of any of its rights under the Note, 
the Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents) to be a non-exempt (under a 
statutory or administrative class exemption) prohibited transaction under 
Section 406(a) of ERISA.

(b) Guarantor further covenants and agrees if at such time any employee 
benefit plan, whether or not subject to Title I of ERISA, holds an equity 
investment in Guarantor, Guarantor shall, deliver to Lender such 
certifications from time to time throughout the term of
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Loan, as requested by Lender in its sole discretion, but not more 
frequently than once per calendar year, and on no less than thirty (30) 
Business Days advance written notice (but in no event shall Guarantors 
failure to perform this Section 3.8(b) constitute an Event of Default), 
that neither Guarantor is not (i) is subject to any state statutes 
regulating investments and fiduciary obligations with respect to 
governmental plans and (ii) one or more of the following circumstances with 
respect to Guarantor, is true:

(i) Equity interests in Guarantor are publicly offered securities, within 
the meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101(b)(2);

(ii) Less than twenty-five percent (25%) of each outstanding class of 
equity interests in Guarantor are held by benefit plan investors within 
the meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101(b)(2), as modified by Section 3(42) of 
ERISA and the regulations promulgated thereunder; or

(iii) Guarantor qualifies as an operating company or a real estate 
operating company within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101(c) or (e) or 
another exception to ERISA applies such that Guarantors assets should not 
constitute plan assets of any benefit plan investor within the meaning 
of Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

3.9 Survival. All representations and warranties made by Guarantor herein 
are made as of the date hereof and shall survive the execution hereof.


ARTICLE IV

SUBORDINATION OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS

4.1 Subordination of All Guarantor Claims. As used herein, the term 
Guarantor Claims shall mean all debts and liabilities of Borrower and 
Operating Lessee to Guarantor, whether such debts and liabilities now exist 
or are hereafter incurred or arise, or whether the obligations of such 
parties be direct, contingent, primary, secondary, several, joint and 
several, or otherwise, and irrespective of whether such debts or 
liabilities be evidenced by note, contract, open account, or otherwise, and 
irrespective of the person or persons in whose favor such debts or 
liabilities may, at their inception, have been, or may hereafter be 
created, or the manner in which they have been or may hereafter be acquired 
by Guarantor. The Guarantor Claims shall include without limitation all 
rights and claims of Guarantor against Borrower or Operating Lessee 
(arising as a result of subrogation or otherwise) as a result of 
Guarantors payment of all or a portion of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
During the continuance of an Event of Default, Guarantor shall not receive 
or collect, directly or indirectly, from Borrower or Operating Lessee any 
amount upon the Guarantor Claims.

4.2 Claims in Bankruptcy. In the event of receivership, bankruptcy, 
reorganization, arrangement, debtors relief, or other insolvency 
proceedings involving Guarantor as debtor, Lender shall have the right to 
prove its claim in any such proceeding so as to establish its rights 
hereunder and receive directly from the receiver, trustee or other court 
custodian dividends and payments which would otherwise be payable upon 
Guarantor Claims.
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantor hereby assigns such dividends and payments to Lender. Should 
Lender receive, for application against the Guaranteed Obligations, any 
such dividend or payment which is otherwise payable to Guarantor, and 
which, as between Borrower and/or Operating Lessee, on the one hand, and 
Guarantor, on the other hand, shall constitute a credit against the 
Guarantor Claims, then upon payment to Lender in full of the Guaranteed 
Obligations, Guarantor shall become subrogated to the rights of Lender to 
the extent that such payments to Lender on the Guarantor Claims have 
contributed toward the liquidation of the Guaranteed Obligations, and such 
subrogation shall be with respect to that proportion of the Guaranteed 
Obligations which would have been unpaid if Lender had not received 
dividends or payments upon the Guarantor Claims, provided, however, that 
Guarantor shall have no such subrogation rights until repayment in full of 
the Debt.

4.3 Payments Held in Trust. In the event that, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Guaranty, Guarantor should receive any funds, payment, 
claim or distribution which is prohibited by this Guaranty, Guarantor 
agrees to hold in trust for Lender an amount equal to the amount of all 
funds, payments, claims or distributions so received, and agrees that it 
shall have absolutely no dominion over the amount of such funds, payments, 
claims or distributions so received except to pay them promptly to Lender, 
and Guarantor covenants promptly to pay the same to Lender.

4.4 Liens Subordinate. Guarantor agrees that any liens, security interests, 
judgment liens, charges or other encumbrances upon Borrowers or Operating 
Lessees assets securing payment of the Guarantor Claims shall be and 
remain inferior and subordinate to any liens, security interests, judgment 
liens, charges or other encumbrances upon Borrowers or Operating Lessees 
assets securing payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, regardless of 
whether such encumbrances in favor of Guarantor or Lender presently exist 
or are hereafter created or attach. Without the prior written consent of 
Lender, Guarantor shall not (i) exercise or enforce any creditors right it 
may have against Borrower or Operating Lessee, or (ii) foreclose, 
repossess, sequester or otherwise take steps or institute any action or 
proceedings (judicial or otherwise, including without limitation the 
commencement of, or joinder in, any liquidation, bankruptcy, rearrangement, 
debtors relief or insolvency proceeding) to enforce any liens, mortgage, 
deeds of trust, security interests, collateral rights, judgments or other 
encumbrances on assets of Borrower or Operating Lessee held by Guarantor.


ARTICLE V

COVENANTS

5.1 Financial Statements So long as Sponsor REIT (i) owns all or 
substantially all of the ownership interests in Guarantor and Controls 
Guarantor, (ii) owns assets and has liabilities that are substantially the 
same as the assets and liabilities of Guarantor and (iii) has financial 
statements that are publicly available (any such period during which the 
foregoing conditions are satisfied, a Sponsor REIT Reporting Period), 
Guarantor shall not be required to provide financial statements deliver 
financial statements to Lender, except as set forth in subsection (b) 
below.
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon a written request given by Lender 
during a Sponsor REIT Reporting Period (but not more than one time in any 
calendar year), Guarantor shall furnish to Lender, within thirty (30) days 
after such written request (but in no event shall such financial statements 
be required to be delivered prior to the date that is one hundred twenty 
(120) days following the end of a Fiscal Year of Guarantor), the balance 
sheet and profit and loss statement of Guarantor, which shall be 
accompanied by a certificate executed by an officer of Guarantor and 
stating that the same present fairly the financial condition and results of 
operations of Guarantor as of the date thereof and have been prepared in 
accordance with GAAP, as interpreted by the Uniform System of Accounts.

(c) If a Sponsor REIT Reporting Period is not continuing, annually within 
one-hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each Fiscal Year of 
Guarantor, Guarantor shall deliver to Lender the financial statements of 
Guarantor audited by a Big Four accounting firm or other independent 
certified public accountant reasonably acceptable to Lender (an 
Acceptable Accountant), which shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, 
as interpreted by the Uniform System of Accounts, and accompanied by an 
unqualified opinion of the Acceptable Accountant which audited such 
financial statements.


ARTICLE VI

MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 Waiver. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part 
of Lender, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall 
any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The rights of Lender 
hereunder shall be in addition to all other rights provided by law. No 
modification or waiver of any provision of this Guaranty, nor consent to 
departure therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing and no such 
consent or waiver shall extend beyond the particular case and purpose 
involved. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver 
of the right to take other action in the same, similar or other instances 
without such notice or demand.

6.2 Notices. Any notice, demand, statement, request or consent made 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be received by the 
addressee on (a) the third day following the day such notice is deposited 
with the United States Postal Service first class certified mail, return 
receipt requested (b) expedited, prepaid delivery service, either 
commercial or United States Postal Service, with proof of attempted 
delivery and by telecopier (with answer back acknowledged), addressed to 
the address, as set forth below, of the party to whom such notice is to be 
given, or to such other address as either party shall in like manner 
designate in writing. The addresses of the parties hereto are as follows:

Guarantor:

Park Intermediate Holdings LLC
c/o Park Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
7930 Jones Branch Drive
McLean, Virginia 22102
Attention: General Counsel
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Park Intermediate Holdings LLC
c/o Park Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
1600 Tysons Boulevard, Suite 1000
McLean, Virginia 22101
Attention: General Counsel

with a copy to:

Perkins Coie LLP
131 S. Dearborn Street, Suite 1700
Chicago, Illinois 60603
Attention: Matthew Shebuski, Esq.

Lender:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
383 Madison Ave.
New York, New York 10179
Attention: Joseph E. Geoghan III

Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch
60 Wall Street, 10th Floor
New York, New York 10005
Attention: Robert W. Pettinato Jr.

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.
1585 Broadway, 25th Floor
New York, New York 10036
Attention: George Kok

Barclays Bank plc
745 Seventh Avenue
New York, New York
Attention: Michael S. Birajiclian

Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company
200 West Street
New York, New York 10282
Attention: Rene Theriault
Facsimile: (917) 977-4870

with a copy to:

Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP
One World Financial Center
New York, New York 10281
Attention: William P. McInerney
Facsimile No.: 212-504-6666
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.3 Governing Law. THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING 
AGAINST LENDER OR GUARANTOR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY MAY 
AT LENDERS OPTION BE INSTITUTED IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN THE CITY 
OF NEW YORK, COUNTY OF NEW YORK, PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK 
GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND GUARANTOR WAIVES ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH IT MAY 
NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE AND/OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS OF ANY 
SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND GUARANTOR AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY 
SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING. GUARANTOR DOES HEREBY DESIGNATE AND APPOINT:

CORPORATION SERVICES COMPANY
2711 CENTERVILLE ROAD, SUITE 400
WILMINGTON, DELAWARE 19808

AS ITS AUTHORIZED AGENT TO ACCEPT AND ACKNOWLEDGE ON ITS BEHALF SERVICE OF 
ANY AND ALL PROCESS WHICH MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK, AND AGREES 
THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SAID AGENT AT SAID ADDRESS AND WRITTEN NOTICE 
OF SAID SERVICE MAILED OR DELIVERED TO GUARANTOR IN THE MANNER PROVIDED 
HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED IN EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON 
GUARANTOR IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

6.4 Invalid Provisions. If any provision of this Guaranty is held to be 
illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under present or future laws effective 
during the term of this Guaranty, such provision shall be fully severable 
and this Guaranty shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, 
invalid or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part of this 
Guaranty, and the remaining provisions of this Guaranty shall remain in 
full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or 
unenforceable provision or by its severance from this Guaranty, unless such 
continued effectiveness of this Guaranty, as modified, would be contrary to 
the basic understandings and intentions of the parties as expressed herein.

6.5 Amendments. This Guaranty may be amended only by an instrument in 
writing executed by Lender and Guarantor.

6.6 Parties Bound; Assignment; Joint and Several. This Guaranty shall be 
binding upon and inure to the benefit of Lender and Guarantor and their 
respective successors, assigns and legal representatives; provided, 
however, that Guarantor may not, without the prior written consent of 
Lender, assign any of its rights, powers, duties or obligations hereunder, 
except as contemplated by the Loan Agreement and/or Section 6.16 hereof. If 
Guarantor consists of more than one person or party, the obligations and 
liabilities of each such person or party shall be joint and several.
 
-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.7 Headings. Section headings are for convenience of reference only and 
shall in no way affect the interpretation of this Guaranty.

6.8 Recitals. The recital and introductory paragraphs hereof are a part 
hereof, form a basis for this Guaranty and shall be considered prima facie 
evidence of the facts and documents referred to therein.

6.9 Counterparts. To facilitate execution, this Guaranty may be executed in 
as many counterparts as may be convenient or required. It shall not be 
necessary that the signature of, or on behalf of, each party, or that the 
signature of all persons required to bind any party, appear on each 
counterpart. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single 
instrument. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Guaranty to 
produce or account for more than a single counterpart containing the 
respective signatures of, or on behalf of, each of the parties hereto. Any 
signature page to any counterpart may be detached from such counterpart 
without impairing the legal effect of the signatures thereon and thereafter 
attached to another counterpart identical thereto except having attached to 
it additional signature pages.

6.10 Rights and Remedies. If Guarantor becomes liable for any indebtedness 
owing by Borrower or Operating Lessee to Lender, by endorsement or 
otherwise, other than under this Guaranty, such liability shall not be in 
any manner impaired or affected hereby and the rights of Lender hereunder 
shall be cumulative of any and all other rights that Lender may ever have 
against Guarantor. The exercise by Lender of any right or remedy hereunder 
or under any other instrument, or at law or in equity, shall not preclude 
the concurrent or subsequent exercise of any other right or remedy.

6.11 Other Defined Terms. Any capitalized term utilized herein shall have 
the meaning as specified in the Loan Agreement, unless such term is 
otherwise specifically defined herein.

6.12 Entirety. THIS GUARANTY EMBODIES THE FINAL, ENTIRE AGREEMENT OF 
GUARANTOR AND LENDER WITH RESPECT TO GUARANTORS GUARANTY OF THE GUARANTEED 
OBLIGATIONS AND SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL PRIOR COMMITMENTS, AGREEMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS, AND UNDERSTANDINGS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING TO 
THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. THIS GUARANTY IS INTENDED BY GUARANTOR AND 
LENDER AS A FINAL AND COMPLETE EXPRESSION OF THE TERMS OF THIS GUARANTY, 
AND NO COURSE OF DEALING BETWEEN GUARANTOR AND LENDER, NO COURSE OF 
PERFORMANCE, NO TRADE PRACTICES, AND NO EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS 
OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR DISCUSSIONS OR OTHER EXTRINSIC EVIDENCE OF 
ANY NATURE SHALL BE USED TO CONTRADICT, VARY, SUPPLEMENT OR MODIFY ANY TERM 
OF THIS GUARANTY. THERE ARE NO ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN GUARANTOR AND 
LENDER.

6.13 Waiver of Right To Trial By Jury. EACH OF GUARANTOR AND LENDER (BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE HEREOF) HEREBY AGREES NOT TO
 
-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ELECT A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY JURY, AND WAIVES ANY 
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY FULLY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT SHALL NOW OR 
HEREAFTER EXIST WITH REGARD TO THIS GUARANTY, THE NOTE, THE LOAN AGREEMENT, 
ANY MORTGAGE, OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR 
OTHER ACTION ARISING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL 
BY JURY IS GIVEN KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY BY GUARANTOR AND LENDER, AND IS 
INTENDED TO ENCOMPASS INDIVIDUALLY EACH INSTANCE AND EACH ISSUE AS TO WHICH 
THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WOULD OTHERWISE ACCRUE. EACH OF GUARANTOR AND 
LENDER IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ANY 
PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF THIS WAIVER BY THE OTHER PARTY.

6.14 Intentionally Omitted.

6.15 Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances. If at any time any payment of 
the principal of or interest under the Note or any other amount payable by 
Borrower or Operating Lessee under the Loan Documents is rescinded or must 
be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or 
reorganization of Borrower or Operating Lessee or otherwise, then, upon the 
restoration or return of such payments, the Guarantors obligations 
hereunder with respect to such payment shall be reinstated as though such 
payment has been due but not made at such time.

6.16 Guarantor Release. In connection with a Permitted Assumption permitted 
pursuant to and in accordance with Section 5.2.10 of the Loan Agreement, 
Guarantor shall be released as a Guarantor and from its obligations under 
this Guaranty subject to the satisfaction of all of the terms and 
conditions set forth in Section 5.2.10 of the Loan Agreement.

6.17 Special State Provisions. In the event of any inconsistencies between 
the other terms and conditions of this Agreement and this Section 6.17, the 
terms and conditions of this Section 6.17 shall control and be binding. In 
the event that (and only in the event that) any court of competent 
jurisdiction determines that, notwithstanding the terms and provisions of 
Section 6.3 hereof, the laws of the State of California shall govern in any 
respect the interpretation or enforcement of all or any portion of this 
Guaranty, then the following terms and provisions of this Section 6.17 
shall apply:

(a) Modifications to Loan and Loan Documents. Guarantor agrees that Lender 
may do any of the following without affecting the enforceability of this 
Guaranty or the other Loan Documents: (A) take or release additional 
security for any obligation in connection with the Loan Documents; (B) 
discharge or release (by judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure, acceptance of 
a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) any Person or Persons liable 
under the Loan Documents; (C) accept or make compositions or other 
arrangements or file or refrain from filing a claim in any bankruptcy 
proceeding of Borrower, Operating Lessee, any guarantor of Borrowers or 
Operating Lessees obligations under the Loan Documents or any pledgor of 
collateral for any Persons obligations to Lender; and (D) credit payments 
in such manner and order of priority to principal, interest or other 
obligations as Lender may determine in accordance with the terms of the 
Loan Documents.
 
-15-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Waivers.

(i) Guarantor agrees that Lenders right to enforce this Guaranty is 
absolute and is not contingent upon the genuineness, validity or 
enforceability of any of the Loan Documents. Guarantor waives all benefits 
and defenses it may have under California Civil Code Section 2810 and 
agrees that Lenders rights under this Guaranty shall be enforceable even 
if Borrower or Operating Lessee had no liability at the time of execution 
of the Loan Documents or later ceases to be liable.

(ii) Guarantor waives all benefits and defenses it may have under 
California Civil Code Section 2809 and agrees that Lenders rights under 
the Loan Documents will remain enforceable even if the amount secured by 
the Loan Documents is larger in amount and more burdensome than that for 
which Borrower or Operating Lessee is responsible. The enforceability of 
the Guaranty against Guarantor shall continue until all sums due under the 
Loan Documents have been paid in full and shall not be limited or affected 
in any way by any impairment or any diminution or loss of value of any 
security or collateral for Borrowers or Operating Lessees obligations 
under the Loan Documents, from whatever cause, the failure of any security 
interest in any such security or collateral or any disability or other 
defense of Borrower, Operating Lessee, any guarantor of Borrowers or 
Operating Lessees obligations under the Loan Documents, any other pledgor 
of collateral for any Persons obligations to Lender or any other Person in 
connection with the Loan.

(iii) Guarantor waives all benefits and defenses it may have under 
California Civil Code Sections 2845, 2849 and 2850 (subject to Section 1.10 
of this Guaranty), including, without limitation, the right to require 
Lender to (i) proceed against Borrower, Operating Lessee any guarantor of 
Borrowers or Operating Lessees obligations under the Loan Documents, any 
other pledgor of collateral for any Persons obligations to Lender or any 
other Person in connection with the Loan, (ii) proceed against or exhaust 
any other security or collateral Lender may hold, or (iii) pursue any other 
right or remedy for Borrowers or Operating Lessees benefit, and agree 
that Lender may exercise its rights under this Guaranty or may foreclose 
against any Individual Property without taking any action against Borrower, 
Operating Lessee any guarantor of Borrowers or Operating Lessees 
obligations under the Loan Documents, any pledgor of collateral for any 
Persons obligations to Lender or any other Person in connection with the 
Loan, and without proceeding against or exhausting any security or 
collateral Lender holds.

(iv) Guarantor waives any rights or benefits it may have by reason of 
California Code of Civil Procedure Section 580a which could limit the 
amount which Lender could recover in a foreclosure of any Individual 
Property to the difference between the amount owing under the Loan 
Documents and the fair value of any such Individual Property or interests 
sold at a nonjudicial foreclosure sale or sales of any other real property 
held by Lender as security for the obligations under the Loan Documents.
 
-16-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(v) Guarantor, as a guarantor or surety, waives diligence and all demands, 
protests, presentments and notices of protest, dishonor, nonpayment and 
acceptance of the Loan Documents.

(vi) Guarantor waives all rights and defenses that are or may become 
available to the guarantor or other surety by reason of California Civil 
Code Sections 2787 to 2855, inclusive, subject to Section 1.10 of this 
Guaranty.

(c) Guarantor Informed of Borrowers and Operating Lessees Condition. 
Guarantor acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to review the Loan 
Documents, the value of the security for each of the other entities 
comprising Borrower and Operating Lessee under the Loan Documents and the 
financial condition of each of the other entities comprising Borrower and 
Operating Lessee and the ability of such entity to satisfy its obligations 
to Lender. Guarantor agrees to keep itself fully informed of all aspects of 
the financial condition of Borrower and Operating Lessee and of the 
performance of Borrower and Operating Lessee to Lender and agrees that 
Lender has no duty to disclose to Guarantor any information pertaining to 
Borrower or Operating Lessee or any security for the obligations of the 
other entities comprising Borrower under the Loan Documents.

(d) Waiver of Estoppel Defense. Upon and during the continuance of an Event 
of Default, Lender may elect to foreclose nonjudicially the Lien of any (or 
each) Mortgage and, if such right has arisen, to also exercise its rights 
under this Guaranty. Guarantor acknowledges that its right to seek 
reimbursement from Borrower or Operating Lessee for any amounts paid by it 
to Lender under this Guaranty will be eliminated if Lender elects to so 
foreclose the Lien of any Mortgage. Nevertheless, Guarantor waives any such 
right to reimbursement and agrees that a nonjudicial foreclosure by Lender 
of the Lien of any Mortgage will not affect the enforceability of the Loan 
Documents on Guarantors interest in any Individual Property. In order to 
further effectuate such waiver, each Guarantor hereby agrees that it waives 
all rights and defenses arising out of an election of remedies by Lender, 
even though that election of remedies, such as a nonjudicial foreclosure of 
the Lien of any (or each) Mortgage, has destroyed its rights of subrogation 
and reimbursement against Borrower or Operating Lessee by the operation of 
Section 580d of the Code of Civil Procedure or otherwise.

(e) Subrogation. Guarantor waives its rights under California Civil Code 
Sections 2847, 2848 and 2849 to the extent not inconsistent with Section 
1.10 of this Guaranty.

(f) Confirmation of Waivers. In accordance with California Civil Code 
Section 2856(c), Guarantor, as guarantor, hereby waives all rights and 
defenses that Guarantor may have because the Loan is secured by real 
property. This means, among other things:

(i) Lender may collect from Guarantor without first foreclosing on any 
other real or personal property collateral pledged by Borrower, Operating 
Lessee or any other Person (each an Other Obligor and collectively, the 
Other Obligors).
 
-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) If Lender forecloses on any real property collateral pledged by any 
Other Obligor:

(iii) The amount of the Loan may be reduced only by the price for which the 
collateral is sold at the foreclosure sale, even if the collateral is worth 
more than the sale price.

(iv) Lender may collect from Guarantor even if Lender, by foreclosing on 
the real property collateral, has destroyed any right Guarantor may have to 
collect from any Other Obligor.

[NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE]
 
-18-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTED as of the day and year first above written.
 
GUARANTOR:
PARK INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
By: 	  	
/s/ Sean DellOrto
Name: 	  	Sean DellOrto
Title: 	  	Senior Vice President and Treasurer
 
SCH. 1-1