 EX-10.1 2 d486985dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement
) is made and entered into effective as of January 1, 2017 (the 
Effective Date), by and between Eclipse Resources Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation (the Company), and Oleg Tolmachev (Executive).

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive entered into that certain Employment 
Agreement dated as of June 22, 2016 (the Previous Employment Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to promote Executive to the role of 
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, and Executive has agreed 
to accept such promotion, with the promotion effective as of the Effective 
Date; and

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to amend and restate in its 
entirety the Previous Employment Agreement to reflect the terms of 
Executives continued services and role with the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual premises, covenants and 
agreements herein contained, intending to be legally bound, the parties 
agree as follows:

1. Employment. From and after the Effective Date, the Company will employ 
Executive as its Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, and 
Executive will report to the Companys President & Chief Executive Officer. 
Executive will perform all services and acts necessary to fulfill the 
duties and responsibilities of his position and agrees to devote 
substantially all of his business time, attention and energies to the 
performance of the duties assigned hereunder, and to perform such duties 
diligently, faithfully and to the best of his abilities. Executive agrees 
to refrain from any activity that does, will or could reasonably be deemed 
to conflict with the best interests of the Company, unless such activity is 
approved in advance by the Companys President & Chief Executive Officer.

2. Term. The Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to be 
employed by the Company, for a period (the Initial Term) commencing on 
the Effective Date and ending on the third (3rd) anniversary of the 
Effective Date, unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4. If 
neither party gives the other at least ninety (90) days written notice that 
it intends for this Agreement to terminate at the end of the Initial Term, 
then this Agreement will continue for successive one-year terms (each a 
Renewal Term), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4, 
until either party gives the other party at least ninety (90) days written 
notice that it intends for this Agreement to terminate at the end of any 
such Renewal Term. The Initial Term and any Renewal Terms will constitute 
the Term. If either Executive or the Company gives timely notice of 
termination pursuant to this Section 2, then Executives employment shall 
end on the last day of the Term. A termination of Executives employment by 
reason of a timely notice of termination pursuant to this Section 2 shall 
not be considered a termination for Cause or without Cause by the Company, 
or a termination for Good Reason or without Good Reason by Executive.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Compensation and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. Executive will receive a base salary (Base Salary) at an 
annual rate of three hundred fifty five thousand dollars ($355,000.00), 
paid in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company. The 
Base Salary shall be reviewed periodically by the Board (or a designated 
committee thereof) and may be increased in its discretion but not decreased 
without Executives consent.

(b) Bonus. Executive will be eligible for an annual bonus (Annual Bonus) 
for each calendar year in which an annual cash performance bonus program is 
in effect. Each Annual Bonus shall be payable based on the achievement of 
reasonable performance targets established by the Board, and for each 
calendar year Executives target Annual Bonus shall be equal to 85 percent 
of Executives Base Salary in effect on the last day of the applicable 
calendar year; provided, that the percentage of Executives annual Base 
Salary that applies for the purposes of determining Executives target 
Annual Bonus for a given year may be increased above 85 percent (but not 
decreased without the Executives written consent) by the Board (or a 
designated committee thereof) in its discretion. Executives Annual Bonus 
will be paid no later than March 15 of the year following the calendar year 
to which it relates.

(c) Long-Term Incentive Compensation. Executive may, as determined by the 
Board (or a designated committee thereof) in its sole discretion, 
periodically receive grants of stock options or other equity or non-equity 
related awards pursuant to the Companys or an affiliates long-term 
incentive plan(s), subject to the terms and conditions of such plan(s).

(d) Retirement and Welfare Benefits. During the Term, Executive or 
Executives spouse and dependents, as the case may be, will be eligible to 
participate in such pension and similar benefit plans (qualified, 
non-qualified and supplemental), profit sharing, 401(k), medical and 
dental, disability, group or executive life, accidental death and travel 
accident insurance, and similar benefit plans and programs of the Company, 
subject to the terms and conditions thereof, as may be in effect and made 
available from time to time to the Companys senior executives.

(e) Perquisites. Executive will be entitled to participate in the Companys 
perquisite programs, as such are made generally available to the Companys 
senior executives.

(f) Business Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for all 
ordinary and necessary business expenses incurred by him in connection with 
his employment upon timely submission by Executive of receipts and other 
documentation in conformance with the Companys normal procedures. All 
payments for reimbursement under this Section 3(f) will be paid promptly, 
but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the 
calendar year in which Executive incurred such expenses.

(g) Vacation. Executive will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance 
with the policies and practices of Company as in effect from time to time 
with respect to the Companys senior executives, but in no event will such 
vacation time be less than four (4) weeks per calendar year.
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Termination. This Agreement will continue in effect until the expiration 
of the Term unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 4.

(a) Disability. If Executive incurs a Disability during the Term, the 
Company may terminate Executives employment effective on the 30th day 
after Executives receipt of written notice of the Companys intent to 
terminate Executives employment; provided that, within the 30 days after 
such notice Executive does not return to perform, with or without 
reasonable accommodation, the essential functions of his position.

(b) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment at any time 
during the Term for Cause or without Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, 
a termination without Cause means Executives termination of employment 
during the Term at the Companys sole discretion for any reason other than 
a termination for Cause or as a result of Executives death or Disability.

(c) Good Reason. The Executives employment may be terminated during the 
Term by Executive for Good Reason or without Good Reason; provided, 
however, that the Executive may not terminate his employment for Good 
Reason unless (i) the Executive has given the Company written notice of his 
belief that Good Reason exists within 30 days of the initial existence of 
the condition(s) giving rise to Good Reason, which notice will specify the 
facts and circumstances giving rise to Good Reason, (ii) the Company has 
not remedied such facts and circumstances giving rise to Good Reason within 
the 30-day period following the receipt of such notice, and (iii) the 
Executive separates from service on or before the 60th day after the end of 
such 30-day cure period by delivering the Notice of Termination.

(d) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause or 
without Cause or because of the Executives Disability, or by the Executive 
for Good Reason or without Good Reason, must be communicated by Notice of 
Termination to the other party.

5. Obligations of the Company Upon Termination.

(a) For Cause; Without Good Reason; Expiration of Term. If the Company 
terminates Executives employment for Cause, Executive terminates his 
employment without Good Reason, or the Term expires by reason of timely 
notice given by either party pursuant to Section 2, the Company will have 
no further obligations to the Executive or his legal representatives, 
except that Executive (or his legal representatives as the case may be) 
will be entitled to any (i) unpaid but earned Base Salary accrued up to the 
Termination Date or expiration of the Term, (ii) benefits or compensation 
as provided under the terms of any employee benefit and compensation 
agreements or plans applicable to Executive, (iii) unreimbursed business 
expenses required to be reimbursed to Executive, (iv) if the Term expires 
by reason of timely notice given by either party pursuant to Section 2, 
unpaid, but earned and accrued annual incentive for any completed calendar 
year as of the date on which the Term expires, and (v) rights to 
indemnification Executive may have under the Companys Articles of 
Incorporation, Bylaws, or separate indemnification agreement, as applicable 
(together, the Accrued Obligations).
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Death or Disability. If Executives employment is terminated by reason 
of the Executives death or Disability, the Company will have no further 
obligations to the Executive or Executives legal representatives, except 
that Executive (or his legal representatives as the case may be) will be 
entitled to the Accrued Obligations and the following additional payments 
from the Company:

(i) Severance Payment. The Company will pay Executive (or his legal 
representatives as the case may be) an amount equal to one (1) times 
Executives Base Salary as of the Termination Date, which amount will be 
paid in a lump sum payment on the date that is 60 days after the 
Termination Date; and

(ii) Post-Employment Health Coverage. During the portion, if any, of the 
18-month period following the Termination Date that Executive, Executives 
spouse or Executives eligible dependents elect to continue coverage under 
the Companys group health plans under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget 
Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), the Company will promptly reimburse 
Executive or Executives spouse or eligible dependents, as applicable, on a 
monthly basis for the amount paid to effect and continue such coverage (
COBRA Reimbursement Amounts); provided, however, that in the event 
Executives employment is terminated by reason of Executives Disability, 
payment of the COBRA Reimbursement Amounts will cease immediately upon the 
date that Executive begins providing services to a subsequent employer. 
Nothing contained herein is intended to limit or otherwise restrict any 
rights to continued group health plan coverage pursuant to COBRA following 
the period described in the preceding sentence.

(c) Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason. If Executives employment 
is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason 
the Company will have no further obligations to Executive or Executives 
legal representatives, except that Executive will be entitled to the 
Accrued Obligations and the following:

(i) Severance Payment. The Company will pay Executive an amount equal to 
two (2) times the sum of (A) Executives Base Salary as of the Termination 
Date, and (B) the amount equal to Executives target Annual Bonus for the 
fiscal year that includes the Termination Date, which amount will be paid 
in a lump sum payment on the date that is 60 days after the Termination 
Date.

(ii) Post-Employment Health Coverage. During the portion, if any, of the 
18-month period following the Termination Date that Executive elects to 
continue coverage for Executive, Executives spouse or Executives eligible 
dependents under the Companys group health plans under COBRA, the Company 
will promptly reimburse Executive on a monthly basis for the COBRA 
Reimbursement Amounts; provided, however, that payment of the COBRA 
Reimbursement Amounts by the Company to Executive will cease immediately 
upon the date that Executive begins providing services to a subsequent 
employer. Nothing contained herein is intended to limit or otherwise 
restrict any rights to continued group health plan coverage pursuant to 
COBRA following the period described in the preceding sentence.
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) Pro Rata Annual Bonus. The Company will pay Executive an amount equal 
to the Annual Bonus for the calendar year in which occurs the Termination 
Date, as determined in good faith by the Board in accordance with the 
performance criteria established for such Annual Bonus and based on the 
Companys actual performance for such calendar year, which amount will be 
prorated through and including the Termination Date (based on the ratio of 
the number of days Executive was employed by the Company during such year 
to the number of days in such year). This amount will be payable in a lump 
sum on or before the date on which annual bonuses for the calendar year are 
paid to executives who have continued employment with the Company (but in 
no event earlier than 60 days after the Termination Date or later than the 
March 15 next following such calendar year); provided, however, that if 
this Section 5(c)(iii) applies with respect to an Annual Bonus that is 
intended to constitute performance-based compensation within the meaning 
and for purposes of section 162(m) of the Code, then this Section 5(c)(iii) 
will apply with respect to such Annual Bonus only to the extent the 
applicable performance criteria have been satisfied as certified in writing 
by a committee of the Board as required under section 162(m) of the Code.

(d) Equity Awards. There shall be no acceleration of the vesting of any 
equity or long-term incentive awards granted to Executive under any Company 
long-term incentive plan, unless otherwise provided under the terms of the 
applicable long-term incentive plan or award agreement.

(e) Release and Compliance with this Agreement. With the exception of the 
Accrued Obligations, the obligation of the Company to pay any portion of 
the amounts due pursuant to Section 5(c) of this Agreement is expressly 
conditioned on Executives (i) execution and non-revocation of a release 
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A (the Release), which 
Release may be may be revised to reflect changes in applicable law, no 
later than fifty (50) days following the Termination Date or such shorter 
period as may be set out in the Release (such period, the Release 
Consideration Period) and (ii) Executives compliance with the 
requirements of Sections 6 and 7.

(f) Nonduplication of Benefits. It is possible that a category of payment 
or benefit that is paid or provided under this Section 5 would also be paid 
or provided under the terms of another Company severance or change in 
control plan, program, or arrangement, including, without limitation, the 
Companys Change in Control Severance Policy, as the same may be amended 
from time to time. In such case, (i) the payment or benefit under the terms 
of another Company severance or change in control plan, program, or 
arrangement will be paid or provided in full, and (ii) the Companys 
obligation under this Section 5 will automatically be reduced (but not 
below zero) to the extent and only to the extent of the payment or benefit 
provided under clause (i).
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. Confidential Information.

(a) Executive acknowledges that the Company has trade, business and 
financial secrets and other confidential and proprietary information 
(collectively, the Confidential Information) which will be provided to 
Executive during the Executives employment by the Company. Confidential 
information includes, but is not limited to, the Companys or any of its 
affiliates businesses, trade secrets, products, or services (including 
without limitation, all such information relating to corporate 
opportunities, strategies, business plans, product specifications, 
compositions, manufacturing and distribution methods and processes, 
research, financial and sales data, pricing terms, evaluations, opinions, 
interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their 
requirements, the identity of key contacts within the customers 
organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or 
production, marketing, and merchandising techniques, prospective names and 
marks), and all writings or materials of any type embodying any of such 
information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions, and 
other similar forms of expression. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Confidential Information does not include any information that is generally 
known in the oil and gas industry, was known by Executive prior to his 
employment with the Company or has been published in a form generally 
available to the public before the date Executive proposes to disclose or 
use such information, provided, that, such publishing of the Confidential 
Information does not result from Executive directly or indirectly breaching 
Executives obligations under this Section 6(a) or any other similar 
provision by which Executive is bound, or from any third-party breaching a 
provision similar to that found under this Section 6(a). For the purposes 
of the previous sentence, Confidential Information will not be deemed to 
have been published or otherwise disclosed merely because individual 
portions of the information have been separately published, but only if all 
material features comprising such information have been published in 
combination.

(b) Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Information has been 
developed or acquired by the Company through the expenditure of substantial 
time, effort and money and provides the Company with an advantage over 
competitors who do not know or use such Confidential Information. Executive 
acknowledges that all such Confidential Information is the sole and 
exclusive property of the Company.

(c) During, and all times following, Executives employment by the Company, 
Executive will hold in confidence and not directly or indirectly disclose 
or use or copy or make lists of any Confidential Information except: (i) to 
the extent authorized in writing by the Companys Chief Executive Officer; 
(ii) where such information is, at the time of disclosure by Executive, 
generally available to the public other than as a result of any direct or 
indirect act or omission of Executive in breach of this Agreement; or (iii) 
where Executive is compelled by legal process, other than to an employee of 
the Company or a person to whom disclosure is reasonably necessary or 
appropriate in connection with the performance by Executive of his duties 
as an employee of the Company. Executive agrees to use reasonable efforts 
to give the Company notice of any and all attempts to compel disclosure of 
any Confidential Information, in such a manner so as to provide the Company 
with written notice at least five (5) days before disclosure or within one 
(1) business day after Executive is informed that such disclosure is being 
or will be compelled, whichever is earlier. Such written notice must 
include a description of the information to be disclosed, the court, 
government agency, or other forum through which the disclosure is sought, 
and the date by which the information is to be disclosed, and must contain 
a copy of the subpoena, order or other process used to compel disclosure.
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Executive will take all necessary precautions to prevent disclosure of 
Confidential Information to any unauthorized individual or entity. 
Executive further agrees not to use, whether directly or indirectly, any 
Confidential Information for the benefit of any person, business, 
corporation, partnership, or any other entity other than the Company and 
its affiliates, and to immediately return to the Company all Confidential 
Information and all copies thereof, in whatever tangible form or medium, 
including electronic, at the end of his employment with the Company for any 
reason or at the request of the Company at any time.

7. Competition. Executive acknowledges that the Company has provided, and 
the Company agrees to continue to provide Executive, with access to its 
confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information, including 
confidential information of third parties such as customers, suppliers, and 
business affiliates; specialized training and knowledge regarding the 
Companys methodologies and business strategies; or support in the 
development of goodwill such as introductions and customer relationship 
information. The foregoing is not contingent on continued employment, but 
upon Executives use of the access, specialized training, or goodwill 
support provided by Company for the exclusive benefit of the Company and 
upon Executives full compliance with the restrictions on Executives 
conduct provided for in this Agreement. Ancillary to the rights provided to 
Executive as set forth in this Agreement, the Companys provision of 
confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information, specialized 
training, or goodwill support to Executive, and Executives agreements 
regarding the use of same, in order to protect the value of any 
equity-based compensation, training, goodwill support or the confidential 
information described above, the Company and Executive agree to the 
following provisions against unfair competition, which Executive 
acknowledges represent a fair balance of the Companys rights to protect 
its business and Executives right to pursue employment:

(a) Executive will not, at any time during the Restriction Period, directly 
or indirectly engage in, have any equity interest in, interview for a 
potential employment or consulting relationship with or manage or operate 
any person, firm, corporation, partnership or business (whether as 
director, officer, employee, agent, representative, partner, security 
holder, consultant or otherwise) that engages in any business which 
competes with any portion of the Business (as defined below) of the Company 
in the State of Ohio or any other state of the United States in which the 
Company conducts Business as of the Termination Date or expiration of the 
Term, as applicable; provided, however, in the event the Company terminates 
Executives employment without Cause, Executives employment terminates 
upon expiration of the Term by reason of the Company giving timely notice 
to Executive pursuant to Section 2, or Executive resigns for Good Reason, 
the post-termination restrictions set forth in this Section 7(a) will be 
limited as follows: (a) without the prior written consent of the Company, 
which consent may be withheld in the discretion of the Company, Executive 
will not, at any time during the Restriction Period, directly or indirectly 
engage in, have any equity interest in, interview for a potential 
employment or consulting relationship with or manage or operate any person, 
firm, corporation, partnership or business (whether as director, officer, 
employee, agent, representative, partner, security holder, consultant or 
otherwise) that engages in any business which competes in any material 
respect with any material
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
portion of the Business (as defined below) of the Company within six (6) 
miles of (i) any oil or natural gas assets of the Company or (ii) any 
potential oil or natural gas assets where the Company has taken material 
steps to lease or purchase real property with respect to such potential 
assets within the six (6) month period immediately prior to the Termination 
Date or expiration of the Term, as applicable. Nothing herein prohibits 
Executive from being a passive owner of not more than 2.5% of the 
outstanding equity interest in any entity that is publicly traded, so long 
as Executive has no active participation in the business of such entity.

(b) Executive will not, at any time during the Restriction Period, directly 
or indirectly, either for Executive or for any other person or entity, (i) 
solicit any employee of the Company to terminate his employment with the 
Company, (ii) employ any such individual during his employment with the 
Company and for a period of three months after such individual terminates 
his employment with the Company or (iii) solicit or service any person who 
was a customer, supplier, licensee, licensor or other business relation of 
the Company in order to induce or attempt to induce such person to cease 
doing business with, or reduce the amount of business conducted with, the 
Company, or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such 
customer, supplier, licensee, licensor or other business relation of the 
Company.

(c) In the event the terms of this Section 7 are determined by any court of 
competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of its extending for 
too great a period of time or over too great a geographical area or by 
reason of its being too extensive in any other respect, it will be 
interpreted to, and may be modified by a court of competent jurisdiction 
to, extend only over the maximum period of time for which it may be 
enforceable, over the maximum geographical area as to which it may be 
enforceable, or to the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it 
may be enforceable, all as determined by such court in such action.

(d) As used in this Section 7, (i) the term Company includes the Company 
and its affiliates; (ii) the term Business means the business of the 
Company and includes the acquisition, exploration, exploitation and 
development of, oil and natural gas assets, and the acquisition of leases 
and other real property in connection therewith, as such business may be 
expanded or altered by the Company during the Term; and (iii) the term 
Restriction Period means the period beginning on the Effective Date and 
ending on the date twelve (12) months following the Termination Date or 
expiration of the Term, except that if the Termination Date or expiration 
of the Term occurs within one year following a Change of Control, 
Restriction Period means the period beginning on the Effective Date and 
ending on the date six (6) months following the Termination Date or 
expiration of the Term.

(e) Executive agrees, during the Term and following the Termination Date or 
expiration of the Term, to refrain from disparaging the Company and its 
affiliates, including any of its services, technologies or practices, or 
any of its directors, officers, agents, representatives or stockholders, 
either orally or in writing. Nothing in this Section 7(e) precludes 
Executive from making truthful statements that are reasonably necessary to 
comply with applicable law, regulation or legal process.
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) The Company agrees, during the Term and following the Termination Date 
or expiration of the Term, to refrain from disparaging Executive, including 
any of Executives services or practices, either orally or in writing. 
Nothing in this Section 7(f) precludes the Company from making truthful 
statements that are reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, 
regulation or legal process.

(g) In the event Executive engages in conduct in violation of the covenants 
in Section 7 the Restriction Period will be extended for a period of time 
equal to the time in which Executive engaged in competitive activity 
prohibited by this Agreement.

8. Injunctive Relief. It is recognized and acknowledged by Executive that a 
breach of the covenants contained in Sections 6 and 7 will cause 
irreparable damage to Company and its goodwill, the exact amount of which 
will be difficult or impossible to ascertain, and that the remedies at law 
for any such breach will be inadequate. Accordingly, Executive agrees that 
in the event of a breach of any of the covenants contained in Sections 6 
and 7, in addition to any other remedy which may be available at law or in 
equity, the Company will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive 
relief without the need to post bond.

9. Assignment and Successors. The Company may assign its rights and 
obligations under this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially 
all of the business or the assets of the Company (by merger or otherwise), 
and may assign or encumber this Agreement and its rights hereunder as 
security for indebtedness of the Company and its affiliates. This Agreement 
is binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, Executive and 
their respective successors, assigns, personnel and legal representatives, 
executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees, as 
applicable. None of Executives rights or obligations may be assigned or 
transferred by Executive, other than Executives rights to payments 
hereunder, which may be transferred only by will or operation of law.

10. Section 409A. The amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement are 
intended to be exempt from section 409A of the Code, and related U.S. 
treasury regulations or official pronouncements (Section 409A) and will 
be construed in a manner that is compliant with such exemption; provided, 
however, if and to the extent that any compensation payable under this 
Agreement is determined to be subject to Section 409A, this Agreement will 
be construed in a manner that will comply with Section 409A, and provided 
further, however, that no person connected with this Agreement in any 
capacity, including but not limited to the Company and its affiliates, and 
their respective directors, officers, agents and employees, makes any 
representation, commitment or guarantee that any tax treatment, including 
but not limited to, federal, state and local income, estate and gift tax 
treatment, will be applicable with respect to any amounts payable or 
benefits provided under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision to 
the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is deemed on his Termination 
Date or expiration of the Term to be a specified employee within the 
meaning of Section 409A, then any payments and benefits under this 
Agreement that are subject to Section 409A and paid by reason of a 
termination of employment will be made or provided on the later of (a) the 
payment date set forth in this Agreement or (b) the date that is the 
earliest of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the 
Termination Date or expiration of the Term, or (ii) the date of Executives 
death (the Delay Period). Payments and benefits subject to the Delay 
Period will be paid or provided to Executive without interest for such 
delay. The terms termination of employment and separate from service as 
used throughout this Agreement refer to a separation from service within 
the meaning of Section 409A.
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11. Maximum Payments by the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a disqualified individual (as 
defined in section 280G(c) of the Code), and the payments and benefits 
provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and 
benefits which Executive has the right to receive from the Company or any 
of its affiliates, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in 
section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided 
for in this Agreement will be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so 
that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by 
Executive from the Company and its affiliates will be one dollar ($1.00) 
less than three times Executives base amount (as defined in section 
280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits 
received by Executive will be subject to the excise tax imposed by section 
4999 of the Code, or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net 
after-tax position to Executive (taking into account any applicable excise 
tax under section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). The 
reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, will be made 
by reducing, first, payments or benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in 
the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided 
(beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and 
continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit 
that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefit to be 
provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. The determination as to 
whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits 
provided hereunder is necessary will be made by the Company in good faith. 
If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided, and through error or 
otherwise, that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and 
benefits from the Company (or its affiliates) used in determining if a 
parachute payment exists, exceeds one dollar ($1.00) less than three 
times Executives base amount, then Executive will immediately repay such 
excess to the Company upon notification that an overpayment has been made. 
Nothing in this Section 11 requires the Company to be responsible for, or 
have any liability or obligation with respect to, Executives excise tax 
liabilities under section 4999 of the Code.

12. Clawback. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, Executive acknowledges and agrees that any amounts payable under 
this Agreement shall be subject to clawback, cancellation, recoupment, 
rescission, payback or other action in accordance with the terms of any 
policy (the Policy) (whether in existence as of the Effective Date or 
later adopted) established by the Company providing for clawback, 
cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback or other action of amounts 
paid to Executive. Executive agrees and consents to the Companys 
application, implementation and enforcement of (a) the Policy and (b) any 
provision of applicable law relating to the clawback, cancellation, 
recoupment, rescission or payback of Executives compensation, and 
expressly agrees that the Company may take such actions as are necessary to 
effectuate the Policy or applicable law without further consent or action 
being required by Executive. To the extent that the terms of this Agreement 
and the Policy conflict, then the terms of the Policy shall prevail.

13. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other 
communications provided for herein will be in writing and deemed to have 
been duly given (i) when received if delivered personally or by courier, or 
(ii) on the date receipt is acknowledged if delivered by certified mail, 
postage prepaid, return receipt requested, as follows:
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If to Executive, addressed to:
   	
Oleg Tolmachev
113 Forbes Field Circle
Boalsburg, PA 16827, or the last known
residential address reflected in the Companys
records
If to the Company, addressed to:
   	
Eclipse Resources Corporation
2121 Old Gatesburg Road, Suite 110
State College, Pennsylvania 16803
Attention: General Counsel

or to such other address as either party may furnish to the other in 
writing, except that notices or changes of address are effective only upon 
receipt.

(b) Applicable Law. This Agreement is entered into under, and governed for 
all purposes by, the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without 
regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.

(c) No Waiver. No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice 
of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance with, any 
condition or provision of this Agreement will be deemed a waiver of similar 
or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or 
subsequent time.

(d) Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any 
provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, then the 
invalidity or unenforceability of that provision will not affect the 
validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, and 
all other provisions remain in full force and effect.

(e) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same Agreement.

(f) Withholding of Taxes and Other Employee Deductions. The Company or its 
affiliates may withhold from any benefits and payments made pursuant to 
this Agreement all federal, state, city, and other taxes and withholdings 
as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling 
and all other customary deductions made with respect to the Companys 
employees generally.

(g) Headings. The section headings have been inserted for purposes of 
convenience and may not be used for interpretive purposes.

(h) Gender and Plurals. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine 
gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes 
the plural and conversely.
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) Third Party Beneficiaries. Each affiliate of the Company will be a 
third party beneficiary of, and may directly enforce, Executives 
obligations under Sections 6, 7 and 8.

(j) Survival. Termination of this Agreement will not affect any right or 
obligation of any party which is accrued or vested prior to such 
termination. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, the 
provisions of Sections 6, 7, 8 and 12, and those provisions necessary to 
interpret and apply them will survive any termination of this Agreement.

(k) Entire Agreement. Except as provided in any signed written agreement 
contemporaneously or hereafter executed by the Company and Executive, this 
Agreement (i) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with regard 
to the subject matter hereof, (ii) supersedes all prior agreements, 
arrangements, and understandings, written or oral, relating to the subject 
matter hereof, and (iii) contains all the covenants, promises, 
representations, warranties, and agreements between the parties with 
respect to employment of Executive by the Company. Without limiting the 
scope of the preceding sentence, all understandings and agreements 
preceding the date of execution of this Agreement and relating to the 
subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force and 
effect. As of the Effective Date, the Previous Employment Agreement shall 
be void and have no legal effect and neither the Company nor Executive 
shall have any further liability or obligation thereunder (other than with 
respect to any breach thereof prior to the Effective Date).

(l) Modification; Waiver. Any modification to or waiver of this Agreement 
will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the parties to 
this Agreement.

(m) Actions by the Board. Any and all determinations or other actions 
required of the Board hereunder that relate specifically to Executives 
employment or the terms and conditions of such employment will be made by 
the members of the Board, other than Executive if Executive is a member of 
the Board, and Executive will not have any right to vote or decide upon any 
such matter.

(n) Forum and Venue. With respect to any claims, legal proceeding or 
litigation arising in connection with this Agreement, the parties hereto 
hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum, and venue of the state 
and federal courts, as applicable, located in Centre County, Pennsylvania.

14. Certain Definitions. In addition to the terms defined in the body of 
this Agreement, for purposes of this Agreement the following capitalized 
words have the meanings indicated below:

(a) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(b) Cause means the occurrence of any of the following events, as 
reasonably determined by the Board: (i) Executives willful or continued 
failure to perform his material duties for the Company; (ii) Executives 
conviction of a felony, or his guilty plea to or entry of a nolo contendere 
plea to a felony charge; (iii) the willful or grossly negligent engagement 
by Executive in conduct that is materially injurious to the
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Company, financially or otherwise; or (iv) Executives breach of any 
material term of this Agreement or the Companys material written policies 
and material procedures, as in effect from time to time; provided, that, 
with respect to (i), (iii) or (iv) above, such termination for Cause will 
only be effective upon a majority vote of the members of the Board after 
notice to Executive and a period of not less than thirty (30) calendar days 
during which time Executive will have an opportunity to appear before the 
Board to demonstrate that he has cured the conduct giving rise to Cause.

(c) Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following 
events:

(i) Any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (within the 
meaning of section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934), acquires ownership of the Companys common stock that, together with 
stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 40 percent of the 
total fair market value or total voting power of the Companys common 
stock. However, if any one person or more than one person acting as a group 
is considered to own more than 40 percent of the total fair market value or 
total voting power of the Companys common stock, the acquisition of 
additional common stock by the same person or persons will not be a Change 
of Control. An increase in the percentage of common stock owned by any one 
person, or persons acting as a group, as a result of a transaction in which 
the Company acquires its stock in exchange for property will be treated as 
an acquisition of common stock for purposes of this Section 15(c). This 
section applies only when there is a transfer of common stock (or issuance 
of common stock) and common stock in the Company remains outstanding after 
the transaction.

(ii) A majority of the members of the Board are replaced during any 
12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed 
by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the 
appointment or election.

(iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys 
assets, which will occur on the date that any one person, or more than one 
person acting as a group (within the meaning of section 13(d)(3) or 
14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) acquires (or has acquired 
during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent 
acquisition by such person or group of persons) assets from the Company 
that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent 
of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company 
immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, 
that a sale of a substantial portion of the Companys assets in the 
ordinary course of business and investment of the proceeds into similar 
assets for use in the business of the Company will not constitute a change 
in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets for 
purposes of this provision. For this purpose, gross fair market value means 
the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being 
disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with 
such assets.
 
-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Change of Control Period means the period beginning six (6) months 
before the date of a Change of Control and ending on the one-year 
anniversary of such Change of Control.

(e) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(f) Disability means Executives inability to engage in any substantial 
gainful activity necessary to perform his duties hereunder by reason of any 
medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected 
to result in death or which has lasted, or can be expected to last, for a 
continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. Executive agrees to 
submit to such medical examinations as may be necessary to determine 
whether a Disability exists, pursuant to such reasonable requests made by 
the Company from time to time. Any determination as to the existence of a 
Disability will be made by a physician selected by the Company.

(g) Good Reason means any of the following, but only if occurring without 
the Executives consent: (i) a material diminution in Executives Base 
Salary; (ii) a material diminution in Executives authority, duties, or 
responsibilities; (iii) the relocation of Executives principal office to 
an area more than 50 miles from its location immediately prior to such 
relocation; or (iv) the material failure of the Company to comply with any 
material provision of this Agreement. Such termination by Executive will 
not preclude the Company from terminating the Executives employment prior 
to the Termination Date established by Executives Notice of Termination.

(h) Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) indicates the 
specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the 
extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and 
circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executives 
employment under that provision, and (iii) if the Termination Date is other 
than the date the notice is given, specifies the Termination Date (which 
must not be more than 30 days or, in the case of a termination by Executive 
for Good Reason, 60 days after the date on which the Notice of Termination 
is given). The failure by the Company or Executive to set forth in the 
Notice of Termination the facts or circumstances giving rise to Cause or 
Good Reason, as applicable, will not waive any right of the Company or 
Executive under this Agreement or preclude the Company or Executive from 
asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Companys or 
Executives rights under this Agreement.

(i) Termination Date means: (i) if Executives employment is terminated 
by death, the date of death; (ii) if Executives employment is terminated 
pursuant to Section 4(a) due to a Disability, thirty (30) days after the 
Notice of Termination is given; (iii) if Executives employment is 
terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason 
pursuant to Section 4(b) or 4(c), on the effective date of termination 
specified in the Notice of Termination; (iv) if Executive voluntarily 
terminates his employment with the Company without Good Reason, the date of 
Executives termination of employment; or (v) if Executives employment is 
terminated by the Company for Cause pursuant to Section 4(b), the date on 
which the Notice of Termination is given.
 
 


[Signatures begin on next page.]
 
-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement 
effective as of the Effective Date.
 
ECLIPSE RESOURCES CORPORATION
  	
 By:
  	
/s/ Benjamin W. Hulburt
 Name:
  	Benjamin W. Hulburt
 Title:
  	President & CEO
 
 
EXECUTIVE
  	
 By:
  	
/s/ Oleg Tolmachev
 Name:
  	Oleg Tolmachev
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

RELEASE

1. In consideration of the payments and benefits to be made under the 
Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2017 (the Employment 
Agreement), by and between Oleg Tolmachev (Executive) and Eclipse 
Resources Corporation (the Company) (each of Executive and the Company, a 
Party and together, the Parties), the sufficiency of which Executive 
acknowledges, Executive, with the intention of binding himself or herself, 
and his heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, does hereby release, 
remise, acquit and forever discharge the Company and each of its 
subsidiaries and affiliates (the Company Affiliated Group), their present 
and former officers, directors, executives, stockholders, agents, 
attorneys, employees and employee benefit plans (and the fiduciaries 
thereof), and the successors, predecessors and assigns of each of the 
foregoing (collectively, the Company Released Parties), of and from any 
and all claims, actions, causes of action, complaints, charges, demands, 
rights, damages, debts, sums of money, accounts, financial obligations, 
suits, expenses, attorneys fees and liabilities of whatever kind or nature 
in law, equity or otherwise, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, 
unliquidated or otherwise and whether now known or unknown, suspected or 
unsuspected, which Executive, individually or as a member of a class, now 
has, owns or holds, or has at any time heretofore had, owned or held, 
arising on or prior to the date hereof, against any Company Released Party 
that arises out of, or relates to, the Employment Agreement, Executives 
employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates, or 
any termination of such employment, including claims (i) for severance or 
vacation or paid time off benefits, unpaid wages, salary or incentive 
payments, (ii) for breach of contract, wrongful discharge, impairment of 
economic opportunity, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional harm 
or other tort, (iii) for any violation of applicable state and local labor 
and employment laws (including, without limitation, all laws concerning 
unlawful and unfair labor and employment practices) and (iv) for employment 
discrimination under any applicable federal, state or local statute, 
provision, order or regulation, and including, without limitation, any 
claim under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Title VII), the 
Civil Rights Act of 1988, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Americans with 
Disabilities Act (ADA), the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Executive 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), the Equal Pay Act, the Uniformed 
Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act and any similar or 
analogous state statute. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Release will 
not apply and expressly excludes: (a) vested benefits under any plan 
maintained by the Company that provides for deferred compensation, equity 
compensation or pension or retirement benefits; (b) health benefits under 
any policy or plan currently maintained by the Company that provides for 
health insurance continuation or conversion rights including, but not 
limited to, rights and benefits to continue health care coverage under the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended or 
similar state law; (c) any claim that cannot by law be waived or released 
by private agreement; (d) claims arising after the date of the Release; (e) 
to the extent not paid as of the date of this Release, payments and 
benefits to be made under the Employment Agreement; (f) claims under any 
directors and officers insurance policies; and (g) rights to 
indemnification Executive may have under the by-laws or certificate of 
incorporation of the Company and its Affiliates, any applicable 
indemnification agreements with the Company and its Affiliates or 
applicable law.
 
 
Exhibit A  Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the release of claims set forth 
in this Release is not to be construed in any way as an admission of any 
liability whatsoever by any Company Released Party, any such liability 
being expressly denied.

3. The release of claims set forth in this Release applies to any relief no 
matter how called, including, without limitation, (i) wages, (ii) back pay 
or front pay, (iii) compensatory damages, liquidated damages, punitive 
damages, damages for pain or suffering, (iv) costs, (v) attorneys fees and 
expenses, and (vi) any right to receive any compensation or benefit from 
any complaint, claim, or charge with any local, state or federal court, 
agency or board, or in any proceeding of any kind which may be brought 
against the Company as a result of such a complaint, claim or charge.

4. Executive specifically acknowledges that his acceptance of the terms of 
the release of claims set forth in this Release is, among other things, a 
specific waiver of his rights, claims and causes of action under Title VII, 
ADEA, ADA and any state or local law or regulation in respect of 
discrimination of any kind; provided, however, that nothing herein will be 
deemed, nor does anything contained herein purport, to be a waiver of any 
right or claim or cause of action which by law Executive is not permitted 
to waive.

5. As to rights, claims and causes of action arising under the ADEA, 
Executive acknowledges that he has been given a period of twenty-one (21) 
days1 to consider whether to execute this Release. If Executive accepts the 
terms hereof and executes this Release, he may thereafter, for a period of 
seven (7) days following (and not including) the date of execution, revoke 
this Release as it relates to the release of claims arising under the ADEA. 
If no such revocation occurs, this Release will become irrevocable in its 
entirety, and binding and enforceable against Executive, on the day next 
following the day on which the foregoing seven-day period has elapsed. If 
such a revocation occurs, Executive will irrevocably forfeit any right to 
payment of the severance benefits described in Section 5 of the Employment 
Agreement.

6. Other than as to rights, claims and causes of action arising under the 
ADEA, the release of claims set forth in this Release will be immediately 
effective upon execution by Executive.

7. Executive acknowledges and agrees that he has not, with respect to any 
transaction or state of facts existing prior to the date hereof, filed any 
complaints, charges or lawsuits against any Company Released Party with any 
governmental agency, court or tribunal.

8. Executive acknowledges that he is hereby advised to seek, and has had 
the opportunity to seek, the advice and assistance of an attorney with 
regard to the release of claims set forth in this Release, and has been 
given a sufficient period within which to consider the release of claims 
set forth in this Release.

9. Executive acknowledges that the release of claims set forth in this 
Release relates only to claims that exist as of the date of this Release.
 
 
1  	Consideration period must be forty-five (45) days if release relates to 
an exit incentive or other employment termination program offered to a 
group or class of employees.
 
 
Exhibit A  Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10. Executive acknowledges that the severance benefits described in Section 
5 of the Employment Agreement he will receive in connection with the 
release of claims set forth in this Release and his obligations under this 
Release are in addition to anything of value to which Executive is entitled 
from the Company.

11. Each provision hereof is severable from this Release, and if one or 
more provisions hereof are declared invalid, the remaining provisions will 
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this 
Release is so broad, in scope, or duration or otherwise, as to be 
unenforceable, such provision will be interpreted to be only so broad as is 
enforceable.

12. This Release constitutes the complete agreement of the Parties in 
respect of the subject matter hereof and will supersede all prior 
agreements between the Parties in respect of the subject matter hereof 
except to the extent set forth herein.

13. The failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this 
Release or to require at any time performance by another party of any of 
the provisions hereof will in no way be construed to be a waiver of such 
provisions or to affect the validity of this Release, or any part hereof, 
or the right of any party thereafter to enforce each and every such 
provision in accordance with the terms of this Release.

14. This Release may be executed in several counterparts, each of which 
will be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute 
one and the same instrument. Signatures delivered by facsimile will be 
deemed effective for all purposes.

15. This Release will be binding upon any and all successors and assigns of 
Executive and the Company.

16. Except for issues or matters as to which federal law is applicable, 
this Release will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance 
with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without resort to any 
principle of conflict of laws that would require application of the laws of 
any other jurisdiction.

[Signature Page Follows]
 
 
Exhibit A  Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Release has been signed as of                      
               , 20    .
 
By: 	  	
  	
 
  	Oleg Tolmachev
 
 
Exhibit A  Page 4