 EX-10.6 3 ex106.htm EXHIBIT 10.6
Exhibit 10.6
 
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT


THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into 
as of [___________], 2016 between Boston Omaha Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation (the "Company"), and [________] ("Indemnitee").

WITNESSETH THAT:

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve 
corporations as directors or in other capacities unless they are provided 
with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification 
against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of 
their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") has determined 
that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company may 
seek to obtain and maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, 
liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its 
subsidiaries from certain liabilities.  Although the furnishing of such 
insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among United 
States-based business enterprises, the Company believes that, given 
insurance market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to 
it now and in the future only at prohibitively high premiums and/or with 
exclusions that effectively undermine the value of the coverage.  At the 
same time, directors and other persons in service to business enterprises 
are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation 
relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been 
brought only against business enterprise itself.  The Bylaws and 
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company provide for indemnification of 
the officers and directors of the Company under certain circumstances.  
Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General 
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("DGCL").  The Bylaws and 
Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL expressly provide that the 
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby 
contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and 
members of the Board, officers and other persons with respect to 
indemnification;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to 
indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining 
such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in 
attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests 
of the Company's stockholders and that the Company should act to assure 
such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in 
the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company 
contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on 
behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law 
so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue 
concern that they will not be so indemnified;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws 
and Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and any resolutions adopted 
pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to 
diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

------------------------------------------------------------------------


WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the 
Company's Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation as adequate in the 
present circumstances, and may not be willing to serve as an officer or 
director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to 
serve in such capacity.  Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve 
and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the 
condition that he be so indemnified; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee has or may have certain rights to indemnification 
and/or insurance provided by Investor Indemnitors (as defined below) which 
Indemnitee and Investor Indemnitors intend to be secondary to the primary 
obligation of the Company to indemnify Indemnitee as provided herein, with 
the Company's acknowledgement and agreement to the foregoing being a 
material condition to Indemnitee's willingness to serve on the Board.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitee's agreement to serve as an 
officer and/or director from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto 
agree as follows:

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee.  The Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and 
indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be 
amended from time to time.  In furtherance of the foregoing 
indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof.

(a) Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.  
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in 
this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitee's Company Status (as 
hereinafter defined), the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a 
party to or participant in any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) other 
than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company.  Pursuant to this 
Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses (as 
hereinafter defined), judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on 
Indemnitee's behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue 
or matter therein, if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner 
the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best 
interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had 
no reasonable cause to believe the Indemnitee's conduct was unlawful.

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.  Indemnitee shall be 
entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section 1(b) if, 
by reason of Indemnitee's Company Status, the Indemnitee is, or is 
threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought 
by or in the right of the Company.  Pursuant to this Section 1(b), 
Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and 
reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee, or on the Indemnitee's behalf, in 
connection with such Proceeding if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and 
in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to 
the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so 
provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect 
of any claim, issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee 
shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company unless and to the 
extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall determine 
that such indemnification may be made.

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly 
Successful.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the 
extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitee's Company Status, a 
party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, 
Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as 
such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and 
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee's behalf in connection 
therewith.  If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but 
is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than 
all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall 
indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred 
by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee's behalf in connection with each 
successfully resolved claim, issue or matter.  For purposes of this Section 
and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in 
such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed 
to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d) Indemnification of Appointing Stockholder.  If (i) Indemnitee is or was 
affiliated with one or more investors that has invested in the Company (an 
"Appointing Stockholder"), and (ii) the Appointing Stockholder is, or is 
threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding 
relating to or arising by reason of Appointing Stockholder's position as a 
stockholder of, or lender to, the Company, or Appointing Stockholder's 
nomination, designation or appointment of or affiliation with Indemnitee, 
including, without limitation, any alleged misappropriation of a Company 
asset or corporate opportunity, any claim of misappropriation or 
infringement of intellectual property relating to the Company, any alleged 
false or misleading statement or omission made by the Company (or on its 
behalf) or its employees or agents, or any allegation of inappropriate 
control or influence over the Company or its Board members, officers, 
equity holders or debt holders, then the Appointing Stockholder will be 
entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same extent as 
Indemnitee, and the terms of this Agreement as they relate to procedures 
for indemnification of Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply 
to any such indemnification of Appointing Stockholder.  The Company and 
Indemnitee agree that the Appointing Stockholder is an express third party 
beneficiary of the terms of this Section 1(d).

2. Additional Indemnity.  In addition to, and without regard to any 
limitations on, the indemnification provided for in Section 1 of this 
Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless 
Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts 
paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf 
if, by reason of his Company Status, he is, or is threatened to be made, a 
party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in 
the right of the Company), including, without limitation, all liability 
arising out of the negligence or active or passive wrongdoing of 
Indemnitee; provided, however, that (a) no indemnity shall be made under 
this Section 2 on account of Indemnitee's conduct which has been 
adjudicated to constitute a breach of Indemnitee's duty of loyalty to the 
Company or its shareholders or to constitute an act or omission not in good 
faith or involving intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law and 
(b) the Company shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee 
that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the 
presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful.

3. Contribution.

(a) Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof 
is available, in respect of any threatened, pending or completed action, 
suit or proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee 
(or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), the Company 
shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or 
settlement of such action, suit or proceeding without requiring Indemnitee 
to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and 
relinquishes any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee.  The 
Company shall not enter into any settlement of any action, suit or 
proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would 
be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding) unless such settlement 
provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against 
Indemnitee.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set 
forth in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall 
elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or 
settlement in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or 
proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would 
be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), the Company shall 
contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by 
Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company 
and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than 
Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined 
in such action, suit or proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on 
the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such action, suit 
or proceeding arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on 
the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to 
law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company 
and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than 
Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in 
such action, suit or proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the 
other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in 
such expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other 
equitable considerations which applicable law may require to be considered. 
 The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees 
of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with 
Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), on 
the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by 
reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were 
motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to 
which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their 
conduct is active or passive.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee 
harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, 
directors, or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be 
jointly liable with Indemnitee.

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the 
indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee 
for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, 
shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for 
judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in 
settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an 
indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed 
fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding 
in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and 
Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause 
to such Proceeding and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its 
directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection 
with such event(s) and/or transaction(s).

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness.  Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of 
his Company Status, a witness, or is made (or asked) to respond to 
discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, 
he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably 
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

5. Advancement of Expenses.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf 
of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitee's 
Company Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of 
a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or 
advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of 
such Proceeding.  Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence 
the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or 
accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay 
any Expenses advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee 
is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses.  Any advances and 
undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and 
interest free.

6. Procedures and Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to 
Indemnification.  It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for 
Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted 
under the DGCL and public policy of the State of Delaware.  Accordingly, 
the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall 
apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to 
indemnification under this Agreement:

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit 
to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such 
documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and 
is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee 
is entitled to indemnification.  The Secretary of the Company shall, 
promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the 
Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a 
request to the Company, or to provide such a request in a timely fashion, 
shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to 
Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and 
materially prejudices the interests of the Company.

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the 
first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a determination with respect to 
Indemnitee's entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one 
of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board 
(1) by a majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though less 
than a quorum, (2) by a committee of disinterested directors designated by 
a majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though less than a 
quorum, (3) if there are no disinterested directors or if the disinterested 
directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion to 
the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee, or (4) if 
so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the Company.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(c) If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by 
Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, the Independent 
Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c).  The 
Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board.  Indemnitee may, within 
ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, 
deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection; provided, 
however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the 
Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of "
Independent Counsel" as defined in Section 13 of this Agreement, and the 
objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such 
assertion.  Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected 
shall act as Independent Counsel.  If a written objection is made and 
substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as 
Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court 
has determined that such objection is without merit.  If, within twenty 
(20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for 
indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel 
shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or 
Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or 
other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which 
shall have been made by the Indemnitee to the Company's selection of 
Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a 
person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall 
designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so 
resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under 
Section 6(b) hereof.  The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and 
expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in 
connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company 
shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of 
this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent 
Counsel was selected or appointed.

(d) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to 
indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such 
determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification 
under this Agreement.  Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall 
have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and 
convincing evidence.  Neither the failure of the Company (including by its 
directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior 
to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that 
indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met 
the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the 
Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that 
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a 
defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met 
the applicable standard of conduct.

(e) Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee's 
action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise (as 
hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information 
supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of 
their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on 
information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an 
independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert 
selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise.  In addition, the 
knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, 
agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for 
purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.  
Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(e) are satisfied, 
it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in 
good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed 
to the best interests of the Company.  Anyone seeking to overcome this 
presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by 
clear and convincing evidence.  The provisions of this Section 6(e) shall 
not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other 
circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the 
applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(f) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 6 
to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not 
have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the 
Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement 
to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall 
be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee 
of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make 
Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the 
request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification 
under applicable law; provided, however, that such sixty (60) day period 
may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty 
(30) days, if the person, persons or entity making such determination with 
respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such 
additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information 
relating thereto; and provided further, that the foregoing provisions of 
this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the determination of entitlement to 
indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) 
of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the 
Company of the request for such determination, the Board or the 
Disinterested Directors, if appropriate, resolve to submit such 
determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual 
meeting thereof to be held within seventy five (75) days after such receipt 
and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of 
stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the 
purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose 
within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such determination 
is made thereat.

(g) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other agent of 
the Company or any other Enterprise relating to Indemnitee's Company Status 
shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining Indemnitee's 
right to indemnification under this Agreement.

(h) Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making 
such determination with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement to 
indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon 
reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not 
privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably 
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination.  
Any Independent Counsel, member of the Board or stockholder of the Company 
shall act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination regarding 
the Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement.  Any 
costs or expenses (including attorneys' fees and disbursements) incurred by 
Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such 
determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the 
determination as to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification) and the 
Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless 
therefrom.

(i) The Company acknowledges that a settlement or other disposition short 
of final judgment may be successful if it permits a party to avoid expense, 
delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty.  In the event that any 
action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in 
any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including, 
without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or 
without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that 
Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, 
suit or proceeding.  Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have 
the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing 
evidence.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(j) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter 
therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of 
nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of 
Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did 
not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in 
or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any 
criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that 
his conduct was unlawful.

7. Remedies of Indemnitee.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 6 of 
this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under 
this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to 
Section 5 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to 
indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within 
ninety (90) days after receipt by the Company of the request for 
indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to 
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a 
written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification is not made 
within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is 
entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been 
made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled 
to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitee's entitlement to 
such indemnification.  Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking an 
adjudication within one hundred eighty (180) days following the date on 
which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding pursuant 
to this Section 7(a).  The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee's right to 
seek any such adjudication.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to 
Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to 
indemnification, any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 
7 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits, and 
Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination 
under Section 6(b).

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of 
this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company 
shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced 
pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a 
material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make 
Indemnitee's misstatement not materially misleading in connection with the 
application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such 
indemnification under applicable law.

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, seeks a 
judicial adjudication of his rights under, or to recover damages for breach 
of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors' and officers' 
liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company shall 
pay on his behalf, in advance, any and all expenses (of the types described 
in the definition of Expenses in Section 13 of this Agreement) actually and 
reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication, regardless of 
whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such 
indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance recovery.

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial 
proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and 
presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and 
shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the 
provisions of this Agreement.  The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 
against any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within 
ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) 
advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such expenses to Indemnitee, 
which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by 
Indemnitee for indemnification or advance of Expenses from the Company 
under this Agreement or under any directors' and officers' liability 
insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether 
Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, 
advancement of Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be.

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no 
determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement 
shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the 
Proceeding.

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Primacy of 
Indemnification; Subrogation.

(a) The rights of indemnification as provided by this Agreement shall not 
be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time 
be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the 
By-laws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors 
of the Company, or otherwise.  No amendment, alteration or repeal of this 
Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of 
Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted 
by such Indemnitee in his Company Status prior to such amendment, 
alteration or repeal.  To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by 
statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be 
afforded currently under the Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and this 
Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall 
enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change.  
No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any 
other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative 
and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or 
hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise.  The assertion or 
employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not 
prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or 
remedy.

(b) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or 
policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, 
or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other 
enterprise that such person serves at the request of the Company, 
Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with 
its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any 
director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under such policy or 
policies.  If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant 
to the terms hereof, the Company has directors' and officers' liability 
insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the 
commencement of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in the respective policies.  The Company shall 
thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to 
pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such 
proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(c) The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee has certain rights to 
indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or insurance provided by 
Appointing Stockholder and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the "
Investor Indemnitors").  The Company hereby agrees (i) that it is the 
indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to Indemnitee are primary 
and any obligation of the Investor Indemnitors to advance expenses or to 
provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by 
Indemnitee are secondary), (ii) that it shall be required to advance the 
full amount of expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall be liable for the 
full amount of all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid 
in settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms 
of this Agreement and the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the 
Company (or any other agreement between the Company and Indemnitee), 
without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against the Investor 
Indemnitors, and (iii)  that it irrevocably waives, relinquishes and 
releases the Investor Indemnitors from any and all claims against the 
Investor Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of 
any kind in respect thereof.  The Company further agrees that no 
advancement or payment by the Investor Indemnitors on behalf of Indemnitee 
with respect to any claim for which Indemnitee has sought indemnification 
from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Investor Indemnitors 
shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of 
such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee 
against the Company.  The Company and Indemnitee agree that the Investor 
Indemnitors are express third party beneficiaries of the terms of this 
Section 8(c).

(d) Except as provided in paragraph (c) above, in the event of any payment 
under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such 
payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee (other than against 
the Investor Indemnitors), who shall execute all papers required and take 
all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such 
documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce 
such rights.

(e) Except as provided in paragraph (c) above, the Company shall not be 
liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise 
indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise 
actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, 
agreement or otherwise.

(f) Except as provided in paragraph (c) above, the Company's obligation to 
indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving 
at the request of the Company as a director, manager, officer, employee or 
agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee 
benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee 
has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from 
such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit 
plan or other enterprise.

9. Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in 
this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to 
make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee 
under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with 
respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or 
other indemnity provision , provided, that the foregoing shall not affect 
the rights of Indemnitee or the Investor Indemnitors set forth in Section 
8(c) above; or

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale 
and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning 
of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or 
similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) 
initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any 
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, 
officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized 
the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, or 
(ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, 
pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. Duration of Agreement.  All agreements and obligations of the Company 
contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is an officer 
or director of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the 
Company as a director, manager, officer, employee or agent of another 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise) and 
shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any 
Proceeding (or any proceeding commenced under Section 7 hereof) by reason 
of his Company Status, whether or not he is acting or serving in any such 
capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which 
indemnification can be provided under this Agreement.  This Agreement shall 
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the 
parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or 
indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all 
or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, 
spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives.

11. Security.  To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the 
Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security 
to Indemnitee for the Company's obligations hereunder through an 
irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral.  Any 
such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released 
without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee.

12. Enforcement.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this 
Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to 
induce Indemnitee to serve as an officer or director of the Company, and 
the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in 
serving as an officer or director of the Company.

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties 
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior 
agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------

13. Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement:

(a) "Company Status" describes the status of a person who is or was a 
director, manager, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or 
of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee 
benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the 
express written request of the Company.

(b) "Disinterested Director" means a director of the Company who is not and 
was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is 
sought by Indemnitee.

(c) "Enterprise" shall mean the Company and any other corporation, limited 
liability company, limited liability partnership, limited partnership, 
general partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other 
entity or enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the express 
written request of the Company as a director, manager, officer, employee, 
agent or fiduciary.

(d) "Expenses" shall include all reasonable attorneys' fees, retainers, 
court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel 
expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, 
postage, delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses of 
the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, 
preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or 
preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting 
to, a request to provide discovery in any Proceeding.  Expenses also shall 
include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any 
Proceeding and any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on the 
Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments 
under this Agreement, including without limitation the premium, security 
for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersede as bond, or other 
appeal bond or its equivalent.  Expenses, however, shall not include 
amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or 
fines against Indemnitee.

(e) "Independent Counsel" means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that 
is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor 
in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or 
Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with 
respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other 
indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other 
party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification 
hereunder.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Independent Counsel" 
shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of 
professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in 
representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine 
Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement.  The Company agrees to pay the 
reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully 
indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities 
and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement 
pursuant hereto.

(f) "Proceeding" includes any threatened, pending or completed action, 
suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, 
inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or 
completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or 
otherwise and whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in 
which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise, by 
reason of his or her Company Status, by reason of any action taken by him 
or of any inaction on his part while acting in his or her Company Status; 
in each case whether or not he is acting or serving in any such capacity at 
the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can 
be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the 
date of this Agreement, but excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee 
pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce his rights under this 
Agreement.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------

14. Severability.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision 
hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other 
provision. Further, the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision 
hereof as to any of Indemnitee, Appointing Stockholder or any other 
Investor Indemnitor shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability 
of any provision hereof as to any other of such persons or entities. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is 
intended to confer upon Indemnitee and Appointing Stockholder 
indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws.  
In the event any provision hereof conflicts with any applicable law, such 
provision shall be deemed modified, consistent with the aforementioned 
intent, to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict.

15. Modification and Waiver.  No supplement, modification, termination or 
amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by 
both of the parties hereto.  No waiver of any of the provisions of this 
Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other 
provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute 
a continuing waiver.

16. Notice By Indemnitee.  Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company 
in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons, 
citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document 
relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to 
indemnification covered hereunder.  The failure to so notify the Company 
shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to 
Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent 
that such failure or delay actually and materially prejudices the Company.

17. Notices.  All notices and other communications given or made pursuant 
to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given 
(a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by 
confirmed electronic mail if sent during normal business hours of the 
recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five 
(5) business days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, 
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) business day 
after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying 
next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt.  All 
communications shall be sent:

(a) To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitee signature 
hereto.

(b) To the Company at:

              Boston Omaha Corporation
              292 Newbury Street, Boston, MA 02115
              Attention:  Co-Chief Executive Officer

or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the 
Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be.

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------

18. Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same the same instrument.  
Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including 
pdf) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be 
deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective 
for all purposes.

19. Headings.  The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are 
inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of 
this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

20. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction.  This Agreement and the 
legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and 
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without 
regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby 
irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding 
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only 
in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware Court"), and 
not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or 
any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding 
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) appoint, to the 
extent such party is not otherwise subject to service of process in the 
State of Delaware, irrevocably the Secretary of the Company as its agent in 
the State of Delaware as such party's agent for acceptance of legal process 
in connection with any such action or proceeding against such party with 
the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally 
within the State of Delaware, (iv) waive any objection to the laying of 
venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (v) 
waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or 
proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or 
inconvenient forum.


SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Indemnification 
Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written.
  

  

 
COMPANY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 	
 
 
Name: 	
 
 
Title: 	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEMNITEE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Address:   	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
 
 
 
 
 

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 