 EX-10.8 15 f1012g2017ex10viii_abthold.htm SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.8
 
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This Securities Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated as of 
January 30, 2017, between ABT Holdings, Inc., an Idaho corporation (the “
Company”), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto 
(each, including its successors and assigns, a “Purchaser” and 
collectively, the “Purchasers”).
 
WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company 
desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally 
and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the 
Company as more fully described in this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I.
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1  Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this 
Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have 
the meanings given to such terms in the Debentures (as defined herein), and 
(b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:
 
      “Additional Redemption Shares” shall have the meaning ascribed to
      such term in the Debentures.
       
      “Affiliate” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one
      or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under
      common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed
      under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The term “control”
      (including the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”)
      means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct
      or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person,
      whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
      otherwise.
       
      “BHCA” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
      3.1(oo).
       
      “Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the Company.
       
      “Business Day” means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day
      which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on
      which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
      required by law or other governmental action to close.
       
      “Closing” means the closing of the purchase and sale of the
      Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.
       

 

 
       
      “Closing Date” means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction
      Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
      thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers’
      obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Company’s
      obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been
      satisfied or waived.
       
      “Closing Statement” means the Closing Statement in the form set forth
      on Annex A attached hereto.
       
      “Commission” means the United States Securities and Exchange
      Commission.
       
      “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company, par value
      $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
      securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.
       
      “Common Stock Equivalents” means any securities of the Company or the
      Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
      time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred
      stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time
      convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise
      entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.
       
      “Company Counsel” means Sichenzia Ross Ference Kesner LLP, with
      offices located at 61 Broadway, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10016.
       
      “Conversion Price” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      the Debentures.
       
      “Conversion Shares” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      the Debentures.
       
      “Debentures” means the 8% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures due,
      subject to the terms therein, January 1, 2019, issued by the Company
      to the Purchasers hereunder, in the form of Exhibit A attached
      hereto.
       
      “Disclosure Schedules” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
      in Section 3.1.
       
      “Disqualification Event” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
      in Section 3.1(qq).
       
      “Evaluation Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      Section 3.1(s).
       
      “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
      and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
       

  	2 	 

 

       
      “Exempt Issuance” means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or
      options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant
      to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a
      majority of the members of the Board of Directors; provided, however,
      that the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which may
      be issued pursuant to this subsection (a) is 20,000,000 shares
      (subject to adjustment for forward and reverse stock splits and the
      like that occur after the date hereof), (b) securities upon the
      exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued
      hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or
      convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the
      date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been
      amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of
      such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or
      conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with
      stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
      securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or
      strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
      directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only
      be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself
      or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an
      asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and
      shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the
      investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the
      Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising
      capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
      securities and (d) the issuance of 324,800 Preferred Shares to the
      Purchasers.
 
      “Exercise Price” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the
      Warrants.
       
      “FCPA” means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
       
      “Federal Reserve” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      Section 3.1(oo).
       
      “GAAP” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
      3.1(h).
       
      “Indebtedness” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      Section 3.1(bb).
       
      “Intellectual Property Rights” shall have the meaning ascribed to
      such term in Section 3.1(p).
       
      “Issuer Covered Person” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
      in Section 3.1(qq).
       
      “Knowledge” means, with respect to a specific Person, the actual or
      constructive knowledge of such Person (or if such Person is an
      entity, any director, manager or other executive officer of such
      Person), after due inquiry.
       
      “Legend Removal Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      Section 4.1(c).
       
      “Liens” means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance,
      right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.
       
      “Material Adverse Effect” shall have the meaning assigned to such
      term in Section 3.1(b).
       

  	3 	 

 

       
      “Material Permits” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      Section 3.1(n).
       
      “Maximum Rate” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      Section 5.17.
       
      “Money Laundering Laws” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
      in Section 3.1(pp).
       
      “OFAC” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
      3.1(mm).
       
      “PC” means Pryor Cashman LLP, with offices located at 7 Times Square,
      New York, New York 10036.
       
      “Perfection Certificate” means the Perfection Certificate executed by
      the Company and delivered to the Purchasers hereunder, in the form of 
      Exhibit B attached hereto.
       
      “Person” means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust,
      incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited
      liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or
      subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.
       
      “Pledged Securities” means any and all certificates and other
      instruments representing or evidencing all of the capital stock and
      other equity interests of the Subsidiaries.
       
      “Preferred Shares” means those certain shares of Series A Preferred
      Stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, issuable by the
      Company to the Purchasers hereunder.
       
      “Principal Amount” means, as to each Purchaser, the amounts set forth
      below such Purchaser’s signature block on the signature pages hereto
      next to the heading “Principal Amount,” in United States Dollars,
      which shall equal such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount multiplied by
      1.16.
       
      “Proceeding” means an action, claim, suit, investigation or
      proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation
      or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or
      threatened.
       
      “Public Company Date” means the date the Company (or any
      successor/surviving entity in a reverse merger or other business
      combination transaction) becomes subject to the reporting
      requirements under the Exchange Act.
       
      “Public Information Failure” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
      term in Section 4.3(b).
       
      “Public Information Failure Payments” shall have the meaning ascribed
      to such term in Section 4.3(b).
       
      “Purchaser Party” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      Section 4.10.
       
      “Required Approvals” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
      Section 3.1(e).
       

  	4 	 

 

       
      “Required Minimum” means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate
      number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable
      in the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including any
      Underlying Shares issuable upon exercise in full of all Warrants or
      conversion in full of all Debentures, ignoring any conversion or
      exercise limits set forth therein, and assuming that each of the
      Conversion Price and Exercise Price is at all times on and after the
      date of determination 75% of the then Conversion Price or Exercise
      Price, as applicable, on the Trading Day immediately prior to the
      date of determination.
 
      “Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to
      the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or
      any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission
      having substantially the same effect as such Rule.
       
      “Rule 424” means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to
      the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
      time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by
      the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as
      such Rule.
       
      “Securities” means the Debentures, the Warrants, the Preferred
      Shares, the Conversion Shares, the Additional Redemption Shares and
      the Warrant Shares.
       
      “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
      the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
       
      “Security Agreement” means that certain Security Agreement, dated as
      of October 7, 2016, among the Company and the Purchasers signatory
      thereto.
       
      “Security Documents” shall mean the Security Agreement, the
      Subsidiary Guarantees, the original Pledged Securities, along with
      medallion guaranteed executed blank stock powers to the Pledged
      Securities, the Perfection Certificate, and any other documents and
      filing required thereunder in order to grant the Purchasers a second
      priority security interest in the assets of the Company and the
      Subsidiaries as provided in the Security Agreement, including all
      UCC-1 filing receipts.
       
      “Short Sales” means all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 of
      Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to
      include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of
      Common Stock).
     
      “Subscription Amount” means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate
      amount to be paid for Debentures and Warrants purchased hereunder as
      specified below such Purchaser’s name on the signature page of this
      Agreement and next to the heading “Subscription Amount,” in United
      States dollars and in immediately available funds.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
      “Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on 
      Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct
      or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the
      date hereof.
       
      “Subsidiary Guarantee” means that certain Subsidiary Guarantee, dated
      October 7, 2016, by each Subsidiary in favor of the Purchasers party
      to the Security Agreement.
       
      “Trading Day” means a day on which the principal Trading Market is
      open for trading.
       
      “Trading Market” means any of the following markets or exchanges on
      which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
      question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global
      Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
      OTCQB or OTCQX or the “Pink Sheets” published by OTC Markets, Inc.
      (or any successors to any of the foregoing).
       
      “Transaction Documents” means this Agreement, the Debentures, the
      Warrants, the Security Documents, all exhibits and schedules thereto
      and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in
      connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.
       
      “Transfer Agent” means Columbia Stock Transfer Company, the current
      transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1869 E
      Seltice Way #292, Post Falls, ID 83854 and a facsimile number of 
      855-664-3544, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.
       
      “Underlying Shares” means the Conversion Shares, Warrant Shares and
      any shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares, in each
      case without respect to any limitation or restriction on the
      conversion of the Debentures or the exercise of the Warrants.
       
      “Variable Rate Transaction” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
      term in Section 4.12(a).
       
      “VWAP” means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the
      following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then
      listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted
      average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
      preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is
      then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a
      Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New
      York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is a Trading Market, the
      volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or
      the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if
      the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or
      OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the
      “Pink Sheets” published by OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar
      organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting
      prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so
      reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share
      of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in
      good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the
      Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
      the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
      “Warrants” means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants
      delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section
      2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and
      have a term of exercise equal to five years, in the form of Exhibit C 
      attached hereto (the “Warrants”).
       
      “Warrant Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
      exercise of the Warrants.
       
ARTICLE II.
PURCHASE AND SALE
 
2.1  Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution 
and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to 
sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up 
to an aggregate of $2,320,000 in Principal Amount of the Debentures 
(corresponding to an aggregate Subscription Amount of up to $2,000,000). 
Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer or a 
certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser’s 
Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by 
such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its 
respective Debenture, Warrant, Preferred Shares, as determined pursuant to 
Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other 
items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon 
satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 
2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of PC or such other location as 
the parties shall mutually agree.
 
2.2  Deliveries.
 
      (a)  On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or
      cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:
 
        (i)  this Agreement duly executed by the Company;
         
        (ii)  a legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in the form
        of Exhibit D attached hereto;
         
        (iii)  a Debenture with a principal amount equal to such
        Purchaser’s Subscription Amount multiplied by 1.16, registered in
        the name of such Purchaser;
         
        (iv)  a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to
        purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of
        the initial Principal Amount of the Debenture to be issued to such
        Purchaser divided by $0.50, with an exercise price per share equal
        to $0.50, subject to adjustment therein; and
         
        (v)  160,000 Preferred Shares for every $1,000,000 of Principal
        Amount invested by such Purchaser.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
      (b)  On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or
      cause to be delivered to the Company the following:
 
        (i)  this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and
 
        (ii)  such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the
        account specified in writing by the Company.
 
2.3  Closing Conditions.
 
      (a)  The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the
      Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:
 
        (i)  the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent
        representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or
        Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the
        Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the
        Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein
        in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);
 
        (ii)  all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser
        required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have
        been performed; and
         
        (iii)  the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in
        Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.
 
      (b)  The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in
      connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions
      being met:
 
        (i)  the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent
        representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or
        Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the
        Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company
        contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which
        case they shall be accurate as of such date);
         
        (ii)  all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company
        required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have
        been performed;
         
        (iii)  the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in
        Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;
         
        (iv)  the Chief Executive Officer of the Company shall have
        invested $500,000 into the Company in a manner acceptable to the
        Purchasers in their sole discretion, which such investment shall be
        subordinated to the Debenture to the satisfaction of the
        Purchasers;
         

  	8 	 

 

         
        (v)  there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect
        to the Company since the date hereof; and
         
        (vi)  from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the
        Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the
        Company’s principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the
        Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by
        Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum
        prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades
        are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a
        banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States
        or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any
        material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or
        international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any
        material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each
        case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it
        impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the
        Closing.
 
ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
3.1  Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in 
the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part 
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the 
extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the 
Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following 
representations and warranties to each Purchaser, as of the date hereof and 
as of the Closing Date (unless as of a specific date therein in which case 
as of such date):
 
      (a)  Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the
      Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly
      or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of
      each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued
      and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are
      validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of
      preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
      securities.
       
      (b)  Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the
      Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
      validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
      jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization as set forth on 
      Schedule 3.1(b)(i), with the requisite power and authority to own and
      use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as
      currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
      violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective
      certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
      organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the
      Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
      standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each
      jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or
      property owned by it makes such qualification necessary as set forth
      on Schedule 3.1(b)(ii), except where the failure to be so qualified
      or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably
      be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate: (i) a
      material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability
      of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the
      results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition
      (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, or
      (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to perform
      in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any
      Transaction Document or to consummate the transactions contemplated
      hereby (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a “Material Adverse Effect”) and
      no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking,
      limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such
      power and authority or qualification.
       

  	9 	 

 

       
      (c)  Authorization; Enforcement.
       
    (i)  The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to
    enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to
    carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and
    delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents
    by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
    contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all
    necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is
    required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Company’s
    stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in
    connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other
    Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery
    will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in
    accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid
    and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company
    in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general
    equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
    reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
    affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as limited
    by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
    injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as
    indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
    applicable law.
     
    (ii)  With respect to the Subsidiary Guarantee, each of the
    Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter
    into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by such agreement
    and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution
    and delivery of the Subsidiary Guarantees and the consummation by the
    Company of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly
    authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company, and no
    further action is required by the respective Subsidiary, its managers
    or its members in connection therewith. The Subsidiary Guarantee has
    been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the respective
    Subsidiaries and, when delivered in accordance with the terms thereof,
    will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the respective
    Subsidiary enforceable against such Subsidiary in accordance with its
    terms, except: (A) as limited by general equitable principals and
    applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
    laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights
    generally, (B) as limited by laws relating to the availability of
    specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
    (C) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be
    limited by applicable law.
 

  	10 	 

 

 
      (d)  No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the
      Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
      which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the
      consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and
      thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any
      provision of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or
      articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter
      documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event
      that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
      under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties
      or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any
      rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with
      or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit
      facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or
      Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the
      Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or
      asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii)
      subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a
      violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
      decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to
      which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and
      state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or
      asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in
      the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or
      reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
       
      (e)  Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company and the
      Subsidiaries are not required to obtain any consent, waiver,
      approval, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any
      filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local
      or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with
      the execution, delivery and performance by the Company and the
      Subsidiaries of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the
      filings required pursuant to Section 4.6 of this Agreement and (ii)
      the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are
      required to be made under applicable state securities laws
      (collectively, the “Required Approvals”).
 
      (f)  Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized
      and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
      Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid
      and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company
      other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction
      Documents. The Underlying Shares, when issued in accordance with the
      terms of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully
      paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the
      Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the
      Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly
      authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for
      issuance of the Underlying Shares at least equal to the Required
      Minimum on the date hereof.
       

  	11 	 

 

       
      (g)  Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set
      forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include
      the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of
      record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. Except as
      set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital
      stock since June 30, 2016, other than pursuant to the exercise of
      employee stock options under the Company’s stock option plans, the
      issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the
      Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the
      conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as
      of June 30, 2016. No Person has any right of first refusal,
      preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to
      participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
      Documents. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g) and as a result of
      the purchase and sale of the Securities hereunder, there are no
      outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or
      commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities,
      rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
      for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any
      shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or
      contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
      Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional
      shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock
      of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder
      will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of
      Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the
      Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company
      securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset
      price under any of such securities. Except as set forth in Schedule
      3.1(g), there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
      Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar
      provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
      or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may
      become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
      The company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom
      stock” plans or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding
      shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly
      issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance
      with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such
      outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights
      or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further
      approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors
      or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities
      hereunder. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or
      other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock
      to which the Company is a party or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
      between or among any of the Company’s stockholders.
 
      (h)  SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has made
      available, through the OTC Disclosure & News Service, its unaudited
      financial statements for the Company for the past two fiscal years
      and its unaudited financial statements for the quarter ended
      September 30, 2016. Such financial statements have been prepared in
      accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
      principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
      (“GAAP”), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
      statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial
      statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
      present in all material respects the financial position of the
      Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates
      thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods
      then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal,
      immaterial, year-end audit adjustments and none of such financial
      statements, when made available, contained any untrue statement of a
      material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
      stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
      in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
      misleading.
 

  	12 	 

 

 
      (i)  Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or
      Developments. Since the date of the latest unaudited financial
      statements made available through the OTC Disclosure & News Service:
      (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had
      or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
      Effect, (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not incurred any
      liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables
      and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business
      consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be
      reflected in the Company’s or the Subsidiaries’ financial statements
      pursuant to GAAP, (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not
      altered their method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared
      or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its
      stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to
      purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the
      Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director
      or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans.
      Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this
      Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability,
      fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists
      or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the
      Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses,
      properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be
      required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities
      laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has
      not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the
      date that this representation is made.
       
      (j)  Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(j), there is no
      action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or
      investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened
      against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
      respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator,
      governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
      (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an “Action
      ”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity
      or enforceability of, or adversely affects the performance by the
      Company or the Subsidiaries of their respective obligations under,
      any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if
      there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to
      result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any
      Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the
      subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability
      under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of
      fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the Knowledge of the
      Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by
      the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
      director or officer of the Company.
       
      (k)  Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the Knowledge of
      the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the
      Company or the Subsidiaries, which could reasonably be expected to
      result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company’s or its
      Subsidiaries’ employees is a member of a union that relates to such
      employee’s relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and
      neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a
      collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries
      believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To
      the Knowledge of the Company, no director, manager or executive
      officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to
      be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract,
      confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or
      non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any
      restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
      employment of each such director, manager or executive officer does
      not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
      with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its
      Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
      and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and
      employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages
      and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not,
      individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
      Material Adverse Effect.
       

  	13 	 

 

       
      (l)  Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in
      default under, in conflict with, or in violation or breach of (and no
      event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or
      lapse of time or both, would result in a default under, result in the
      acceleration of or create in any party the right to accelerate,
      terminate, modify or cancel), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary
      received notice of a claim that it is in default under, in conflict
      with, or in violation or breach of, any indenture, loan or credit
      agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party
      or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such
      default, conflict, violation or breach has been waived), (ii) is in
      violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
      or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation
      of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
      authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state
      and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection,
      occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and
      employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have
      or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
       
      (m)  Environmental Laws.	The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in
      compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
      to pollution or protection of human health or the environment
      (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
      subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges,
      releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
      contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes
      (collectively, “Hazardous Materials”) into the environment, or
      otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use,
      treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous
      Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or
      demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice
      letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered,
      promulgated or approved thereunder (“Environmental Laws”), (ii) have
      received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them
      under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
      businesses, and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions
      of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i),
      (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected
      to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
       
      (n)  Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all
      certificates, approvals, authorizations and permits issued by the
      appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities
      necessary to conduct their respective businesses as they are
      presently conducted, except where the failure to possess such permits
      could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
      Adverse Effect (“Material Permits”), and neither the Company nor any
      Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the
      revocation or modification of any Material Permit.
       

  	14 	 

 

       
      (o)  Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and
      marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and
      good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that
      is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in
      each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not
      materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
      interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property
      by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of
      federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have
      been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which
      is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and
      facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are
      held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with
      which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.
       
      (p)  Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or
      have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
      trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets,
      inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property
      rights and similar rights as necessary or required for use in
      connection with their respective businesses as they are presently
      conducted and which the failure to so have could have a Material
      Adverse Effect (collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”).
      None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a
      notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property
      Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to
      expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the
      date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
      received, since the date of the latest unaudited financial statements
      made available through the OTC Disclosure & News Service, a written
      notice of a claim or otherwise has any Knowledge that the
      Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of
      any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to
      have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, all
      such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no
      existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual
      Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken
      reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
      and value of all of their Intellectual Property Rights, except where
      failure to do so could not have or reasonably be expected to have a
      Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate.
       
      (q)  Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by
      insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
      and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the
      businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged that
      are sufficient for compliance with all applicable laws and contracts
      to which each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is a party or by
      which each of them is bound, including, but not limited to, directors
      and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate
      Subscription Amount. True and complete copies of such insurance
      policies have been made available to the Purchasers. Such insurance
      policies are in full force and effect and shall remain in full force
      and effect following the consummation of the transactions
      contemplated by this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any
      Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to
      renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
      expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be
      necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in
      cost.
       

  	15 	 

 

       
      (r)  Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth
      in Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the Company
      or any Subsidiary and, to the Knowledge of the Company, none of the
      employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
      any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for
      services as employees, officers and directors), including, without
      limitation, any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing
      for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
      or personal property to or from providing for the borrowing of money
      from or lending of money to, or otherwise requiring payments to or
      from any officer, director or such employee or, to the Knowledge of
      the Company, any entity in which any officer, director or any such
      employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
      trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of
      $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for
      services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf
      of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock
      option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.
       
      (s)  Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and
      the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls
      sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are
      executed in accordance with management’s general or specific
      authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
      preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to
      maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted
      only in accordance with management’s general or specific
      authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is
      compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and
      appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
       
      (t)  Certain Fees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(t), no
      brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions are or will be payable by
      the Company or any Subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or
      consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other
      Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the
      Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with
      respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on
      behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this
      Section 3.1(t) that may be due in connection with the transactions
      contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
       
      (u)  Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers’
      representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
      registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and
      sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as
      contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities
      hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the
      Trading Market on which any securities of the Company are listed or
      designated.
       

  	16 	 

 

       
      (v)  Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate
      of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will
      not be or be an Affiliate of, an “investment company” within the
      meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The
      Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not
      become an “investment company” subject to registration under the
      Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
       
      (w)  Registration Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(w), no
      Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration
      under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any
      Subsidiaries.
       
      (x)  Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Company has not, in
      the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice
      from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been
      listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
      with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market.
      The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the
      foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such
      listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently
      eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company
      or another established clearing corporation and the Company is
      current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or
      such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such
      electronic transfer.
       
      (y)  Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board
      of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to
      render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business
      combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
      agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the
      Company’s articles of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or
      the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become
      applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the
      Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under
      the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, as a result
      of the Company’s issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers’
      ownership of the Securities.
       
      (z)  Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and
      conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
      Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person
      acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their
      agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes
      or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company
      understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the
      foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of
      the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the
      Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
      their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby,
      including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
      correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
      or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
      statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which
      they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by
      the Company during the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this
      Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
      material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
      therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
      light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made,
      not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser
      makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to
      the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
      set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
       

  	17 	 

 

       
      (aa)  No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the
      Purchasers’ representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
      neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting
      on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
      or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security,
      under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
      to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of
      (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
      such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable
      shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
      the securities of the Company are listed or designated.
       
      (bb)  Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the
      Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by
      the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities
      hereunder: (i) the fair saleable value of the Company’s assets
      exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect
      of the Company’s existing debts and other liabilities (including
      known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Company’s
      assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
      business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including
      its capital needs taking into account the particular capital
      requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated
      and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof,
      and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the
      proceeds the Company would receive hereunder, were it to liquidate
      all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of
      the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of
      its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The
      Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such
      debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of
      cash to be payable on or in respect of its existing debt). The
      Company has no Knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it
      to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under
      the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one
      (1) year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the
      date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the
      Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary
      has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Indebtedness”
      means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in
      excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
      ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and
      other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
      whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Company’s
      consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
      by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or
      similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the
      present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under
      leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither
      the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any
      Indebtedness.
       

  	18 	 

 

       
      (cc)  Tax Status. 	Except for matters that would not, individually or
      in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
      Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i)
      has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
      and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and
      declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject,
      (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and
      charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on
      such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its
      books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
      taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns,
      reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any
      material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any
      jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary
      know of no basis for any such claim.
       
      (dd)  No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person
      acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the
      Securities by any form of general solicitation or general
      advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to
      the Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement and certain other
      “accredited investors” within the meaning of Rule 501 under the
      Securities Act.
       
      (ee)  Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any
      Subsidiary, nor to the Knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary,
      any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any
      Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for
      unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
      expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made
      any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or
      employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or
      campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any
      contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any
      Person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is
      in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any
      provision of FCPA.
       
      (ff)  Accountants. The Company’s and the Subsidiaries’ accounting
      firms are set forth on Schedule 3.1(ff) of the Disclosure Schedules.
      To the Knowledge and belief of the Company, each such accounting firm
      is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange
      Act.
       
      (gg)  Seniority. As of the Closing Date, no Indebtedness or other
      claim against the Company or the Subsidiaries is senior to the
      Debentures in right of payment, whether with respect to interest or
      upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than
      Indebtedness secured by purchase money security interests (which is
      senior only as to underlying assets covered thereby) and capital
      lease obligations (which is senior only as to the property covered
      thereby).
       

  	19 	 

 

       
      (hh)  No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no
      disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably
      anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the
      Subsidiaries, on one hand, and their respective accountants and
      lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the
      Subsidiaries, on the other hand, and the Company and the Subsidiaries
      are current with respect to any fees owed to their respective
      accountants and lawyers which could affect the Company’s or the
      Subsidiaries’ ability to perform any of their respective obligations
      under any of the Transaction Documents.
       
      (ii)  Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers’ Purchase of Securities.
      The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is
      acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length purchaser with
      respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions
      contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no
      Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the
      Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction
      Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice
      given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or
      agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the
      transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the
      Purchasers’ purchase of the Securities. The Company further
      represents to each Purchaser that the Company’s decision to enter
      into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been
      based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
      contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.
       
      (jj)  Acknowledgment Regarding Purchaser’s Trading Activity. Anything
      in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
      (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and
      acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
      asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to
      desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of
      the Company, or “derivative” securities based on securities issued by
      the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii)
      past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser,
      specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or
      “derivative” transactions, before or after the closing of this or
      future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the
      market price of the Company’s publicly-traded securities, (iii) any
      Purchaser, and counter-parties in “derivative” transactions to which
      any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently
      have a “short” position in the Common Stock and (iv) each Purchaser
      shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any
      arm’s length counter-party in any “derivative” transaction. The
      Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one (1) or more
      Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during
      the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without
      limitation, during the periods that the value of the Underlying
      Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined,
      and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of
      the existing stockholders’ equity interests in the Company at and
      after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The
      Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do
      not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.
       

  	20 	 

 

       
      (kk)  Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its
      Knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or
      indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the
      stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the
      Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities,
      (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for
      soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or
      agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another
      to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the
      case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Company’s
      placement agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.
       
      (ll)  Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company
      under the Company’s stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
      with the terms of the Company’s stock option plan and (ii) with an
      exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
      Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under
      GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Company’s
      stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly
      granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
      to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly
      coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other
      public announcement of material information regarding the Company or
      its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.
       
      (mm)  Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any
      Subsidiary nor, to the Company’s Knowledge, any director, manager,
      officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of the Company or any
      Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by
      the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department
      (“OFAC”).
       
      (nn)  U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. Neither the Company nor
      any of its Subsidiaries is or has been a U.S. real property holding
      corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue
      Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon
      Purchaser’s request.
       
      (oo)  Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its
      Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act
      of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”) or to regulation by the Board of
      Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”).
      Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or
      controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the
      outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five
      percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity
      that is subject to the BHCA or to regulation by the Federal Reserve.
      Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
      exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of
      a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA or to regulation by
      the Federal Reserve.
       
      (pp)  Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its
      Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
      with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements
      of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
      amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules
      and regulations thereunder (collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws
      ”), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or
      governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving
      the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering
      Laws is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company or any
      Subsidiary, threatened.
       

  	21 	 

 

       
      (qq)  No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to
      be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
      Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any
      Affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer or other officer
      of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any
      beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the Company’s
      outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of
      voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405
      under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity
      at the time of sale (each, an “Issuer Covered Person”) is subject to
      any of the “Bad Actor” disqualifications described in Rule
      506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a “Disqualification
      Event”), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule
      506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to
      determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a
      Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent
      applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and
      has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided
      thereunder.
       
      (rr)  Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any Person
      (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid
      (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers
      in connection with the sale of any Regulation D Securities.
       
      (ss)  Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the
      Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any
      Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii)
      any event that would, with the passage of time, become a
      Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.
       
3.2  Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for 
itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the 
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as 
of a specific date therein in which case as of such date):
       
      (a)  Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual
      or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in
      good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
      or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
      liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to
      consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
      and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
      The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the
      performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the
      Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary
      corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action,
      as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction
      Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such
      Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with
      the terms hereof or thereof, will constitute the valid and legally
      binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in
      accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general
      equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
      reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
      affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as limited
      by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
      injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as
      indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
      applicable law.
       

  	22 	 

 

       
      (b)  Own Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are
      “restricted securities” and have not been registered under the
      Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is
      acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not
      with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or
      any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
      state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of
      such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
      state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or
      understandings with any other Persons to distribute or regarding the
      distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or
      any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
      not limiting such Purchaser’s right to sell the Securities in
      compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such
      Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary
      course of its business.
       
      (c)  Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the
      Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date
      on which it exercises any Warrants or converts any Debentures it will
      be an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2),
      (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act.
       
      (d)  Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or
      together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
      and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable
      of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in
      the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such
      investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an
      investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to
      afford a complete loss of such investment.
       
      (e)  General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchaser’s
      Knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any
      advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the
      Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or
      broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any
      other general solicitation or general advertisement.
       
      (f)  Confidentiality. Other than to other Persons party to this
      Agreement or to such Purchaser’s representatives, including, without
      limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other
      advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has
      maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in
      connection with the transactions contemplated under the Transaction
      Documents (including the existence and terms of the Transaction
      Documents). For avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall
      constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
      with respect to the identification of the availability of, or
      securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short
      Sales or similar transactions in the future.
 

  	23 	 

 

 
    The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained
    in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchaser’s
    right to rely on the Company’s representations and warranties contained
    in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in
    any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument
    executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the
    consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby.
 
ARTICLE IV.
OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES
 
4.1  Transfer Restrictions.
 
      (a)  The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state
      and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of
      Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement
      or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in
      connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the
      Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company
      an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably
      acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion
      shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that
      such transfer does not require registration of such transferred
      Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any
      such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of
      this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a
      Purchaser under this Agreement.
       
      (b)  The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required
      by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the
      following form:
 
    [NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS
    [EXERCISABLE] [CONVERTIBLE]] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE
    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
    STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE
    SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND,
    ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
    REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
    AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE
    REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
    APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES
    ISSUABLE UPON [EXERCISE] [CONVERSION] OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED
    IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED
    BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN
    “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
    ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.
 

  	24 	 

 

 
      The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to
      time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a
      registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all
      of the Securities to a financial institution that is an “accredited
      investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who
      agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if
      required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may
      transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured
      parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval
      of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee,
      secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith.
      Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the
      applicable Purchaser’s expense, the Company will execute and deliver
      such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of
      Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or
      transfer of the Securities, including, without limitation, if the
      Securities are subject to registration, the preparation and filing of
      any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the
      Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to
      appropriately amend the list of selling stockholders thereunder.
       
      (c)  Certificates evidencing the Underlying Shares shall not contain
      any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof):
      (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such
      security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any
      sale of such Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such
      Underlying Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 without
      restrictions or (iv) if such legend is not required under the
      applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
      interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the
      Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal
      opinion to the Transfer Agent if required by the Transfer Agent to
      effect the removal of the legend hereunder and shall pay all fees and
      expenses associated therewith. If all or any portion of a Debenture
      is converted or Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an
      effective registration statement to cover the resale of the
      Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying Shares may be sold under
      Rule 144 or if such legend is not otherwise required under the
      applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
      interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the
      Commission) then such Underlying Shares shall be issued free of all
      legends. The Company agrees that at such time as such legend is no
      longer required under this Section 4.1(c), or applicable law, it
      will, no later than three (3) Trading Days following the delivery by
      a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate
      representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a
      restrictive legend (such third (3rd) Trading Day, the “Legend Removal
      Date”), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a
      certificate representing such Underlying Shares that is free from all
      restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation
      on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that
      enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.1.
      Certificates for Underlying Shares subject to legend removal
      hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser
      by crediting the account of the Purchaser’s prime broker with the
      Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser.
       

  	25 	 

 

       
      (d)  In addition to such Purchaser’s other available remedies, the
      Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, the greater of (i) as
      partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of
      Underlying Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date
      such Securities are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for
      removal of the restrictive legend, and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10
      per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading
      Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day
      after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered
      without a legend; and (ii) if the Company has not delivered such
      certificates by the Legend Removal Date and if, after the Legend
      Removal Date, such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction
      or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a
      sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares
      of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock
      equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock
      that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without
      any restrictive legend, then, the amount, if any, by which (x) the
      Purchaser’s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and
      other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
      so purchased exceeds the product of (y) (A) such number of Underlying
      Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by
      the Legend Removal Date, multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale
      price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period
      commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the
      Company of the applicable Underlying Shares and ending on the date of
      such delivery and payment under this clause (ii).
 
      (e)  Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other
      Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any
      Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the
      Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery
      requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are
      sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in
      compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and
      acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from
      certificates representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1
      is predicated upon the Company’s reliance upon this understanding.
 
4.2  Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance 
of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of 
Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market 
conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to 
issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are 
unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, 
counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such 
dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and 
regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the 
ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.
 
4.3  Furnishing of Information; Public Information.
 
      (a)  From and after the Public Company Date until such time that no
      Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the
      registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the
      Exchange Act, and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect
      thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
      required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to
      the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the
      reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.
       
      (b)   From and after the Public Company Date, if the Company (i)
      shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information
      requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer
      described in Rule 144 (i)(1)(i) or hereafter becomes such an issuer
      described in Rule 144 (i)(1)(i), and (y) the Company shall fail to
      satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a “Public
      Information Failure”), then, in addition to such Purchaser’s other
      available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as
      partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any
      such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an
      amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate
      Subscription Amount of such Purchaser’s Securities on the day of a
      Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day
      (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty (30) days)
      thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information
      Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no
      longer required for the Purchasers to transfer the Underlying Shares
      pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be
      entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) are referred to herein as “
      Public Information Failure Payments.” Public Information Failure
      Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the
      calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments
      are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or
      failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is
      cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information
      Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure
      Payments shall bear interest at the rate of one and one-half percent
      (1.5%) per month (pro-rated for partial months) until paid in full.
      Nothing herein shall limit such Purchaser’s right to pursue actual
      damages for any Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall
      have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in
      equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
      performance and/or injunctive relief.
 
4.4  Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit 
offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined 
in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer 
or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration 
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be 
integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the 
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require 
shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction, unless 
shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent 
transaction.
 
4.5  Conversion and Exercise Procedures. Each of the form of Notice of 
Exercise included in the Warrants and the form of Notice of Conversion 
included in the Debentures set forth the totality of the procedures 
required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants or convert the 
Debentures. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original 
Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any 
medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any 
Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion form be required in order to 
exercise the Warrants or convert the Debentures. No additional legal 
opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the 
Purchasers to exercise their Warrants or convert their Debentures. The 
Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and conversions of the 
Debentures and shall deliver the applicable Underlying Shares in accordance 
with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction 
Documents.
 

  	26 	 

 

 
4.6  Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall by 9:00 a.m. 
(New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date 
hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the 
transactions contemplated hereby. From and after the filing of such press 
release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have 
publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of 
the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates, 
or any of their respective officers, directors, managers, employees or 
agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents. In addition, effective upon the filing of such press release, 
the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or 
similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between 
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates, or any of their 
respective officers, directors, managers, employees or agents, on the one 
hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates, on the other 
hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with 
each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the 
transactions contemplated under the Transaction Documents, and neither the 
Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise 
make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, 
with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior 
consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the 
Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, 
except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing 
party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such 
public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include 
the name of any Purchaser in any filing with any regulatory agency or 
Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except 
to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market 
regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with 
prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this Section 4.6.
 
4.7  Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the 
Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any 
Purchaser is an “Acquiring Person” under any control share acquisition, 
business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a 
rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or 
hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to 
trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of 
receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other 
agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.
 
4.8  Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and 
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, 
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.6, the Company covenants and 
agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will 
provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that 
constitutes, or that the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material 
non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have 
consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to 
keep such information confidential. To the extent that the Company delivers 
any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such 
Purchaser’s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such 
Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of 
its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, 
directors, managers, employees or agents, nor a duty to the Company, any of 
its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, 
directors, managers, employees or agents, not to trade on the basis of such 
material, non-public information; provided, that the Purchasers shall 
remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided in 
the Transaction Documents constitutes, or contains, material, non-public 
information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company 
shall simultaneously (i) if prior to the Public Company Date, issue a press 
release disclosing the material, non-public information contained in such 
notice, or (ii) if after the Public Company Date, file such notice with the 
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company 
understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the 
foregoing covenants of this Section 4.8 in effecting transactions in 
securities of the Company.
 

  	27 	 

 

 
4.9  Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9 attached hereto, 
the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities 
hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) 
for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company’s debt (other than 
payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Company’s business 
and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common 
Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or 
(d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, $719,412 of the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities 
hereunder shall be used to pay off in full Richmond Capital Group, LLC, who 
will provide a payoff letter to such affect.
 
4.10  Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this 
Section 4.10, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its 
directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents 
(and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person 
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other 
title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of 
Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and 
the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners, employees 
and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a 
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any 
other title) of such controlling Persons (each, a “Purchaser Party”), 
harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, 
contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, 
amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as 
a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations or 
warranties, or any failure to perform or comply with any covenants or 
agreements, made by the Company in this Agreement or in any other 
Transaction Documents or (b) any Proceeding instituted against any 
Purchaser Party, in any capacity, by any stockholder of the Company who is 
not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the 
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such 
Proceeding is based upon a breach of such Purchaser Party’s representations 
or warranties, or any failure of such Purchaser Party to perform or comply 
with any of its covenants or agreements, in this Agreement or in any other 
Transaction Documents, or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state 
or federal securities laws, or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which 
constitutes actual fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any 
Action or Proceeding shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in 
respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such 
Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the 
Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of 
its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any 
Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such 
Action or Proceeding and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees 
and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser 
Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been 
specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has 
failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to 
employ counsel or (iii) in such Action or Proceeding there is, in the 
reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue 
between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser 
Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable 
fees and expenses of no more than one (1) such separate counsel. The 
Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (x) 
for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Company’s 
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; 
or (y) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or 
liability is attributable to any Purchaser Party’s gross negligence, 
willful misconduct, breach of any of the representations or warranties, or 
any failure to perform or comply with any of the covenants or agreements, 
made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in any other Transaction 
Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.10 shall be made 
by periodic payments of the indemnity amount thereof during the course of 
the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are 
incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to 
any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the 
Company or other Persons and any liabilities the Company may be subject to 
pursuant to applicable law.
 

  	28 	 

 

 
4.11  Reservation and Listing of Securities.
 
      (a)  The Company shall maintain a reserve of the Required Minimum
      from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant
      to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required
      to timely fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction
      Documents.
       
      (b)  If, on any date of determination, the number of authorized but
      unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less
      than the Required Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors
      shall use its best efforts to promptly amend the Company’s
      certificate or articles of incorporation to increase the number of
      authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the
      Required Minimum at such time, as soon as possible and in any event
      not later than the seventy-fifth (75th) calendar day after such date
      of determination.
       
      (c)  The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner
      required by the principal Trading Market on which any of the
      Company’s securities are listed or designated, prepare and file with
      such Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering
      a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required
      Minimum on the date of such application, (ii) take all steps
      necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for
      listing or quotation on such Trading Market as soon as possible
      thereafter, (iii) provide to the Purchasers evidence of such listing
      or quotation and (iv) maintain the listing or quotation of such
      Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on
      such date on such Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the
      eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the
      Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation,
      including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the
      Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing
      corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.
 

  	29 	 

 

 
4.12  Subsequent Equity Sales.
 
      (a)  From the date hereof until such time as no Purchaser holds the
      Warrants, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
      into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its
      Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or any
      combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction.
      “Variable Rate Transaction” means a transaction in which the Company
      (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are
      convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the
      right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a
      conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that
      is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or
      quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the
      initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a
      conversion price, exercise price or exchange price that is subject to
      being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such
      debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or
      contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of
      the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into
      any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of
      credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future
      determined price. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain
      injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
      which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.
       
      (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply
      in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate
      Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance.
 
4.13  Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any 
modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any 
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of 
the Transaction Documents, unless the same consideration is also offered to 
all of the parties to such Transaction Documents. Further, the Company 
shall not make any payment of principal or interest on the Debentures in 
amounts which are disproportionate to the respective principal amounts 
outstanding on the Debentures at any applicable time. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Section 4.13 constitutes a separate right granted to each 
Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and 
is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall 
not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a 
group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or 
otherwise.
 
4.14  Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally 
and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor 
any Affiliate acting on its behalf, will execute any purchases or sales, 
including Short Sales, of any of the Company’s securities during the period 
commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time 
that the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents are first 
publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in 
Section 4.6. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other 
Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated 
by the Transaction Documents are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant 
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6, such Purchaser 
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this 
transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents and 
the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and 
notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the 
Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any 
representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in 
effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that 
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents are first 
publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in 
Section 4.6, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from 
effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance 
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the 
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents are first publicly 
announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6 
and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not 
to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its 
Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described 
in Section 4.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser 
that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio 
managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the 
portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions 
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s 
assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the 
portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment 
decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Purchaser shall engage in any Short Sales 
with respect to the Common Stock until the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date 
(as defined in the Debentures) or (ii) such time as the Debentures have 
been fully converted into Common Stock.
 

  	30 	 

 

 
4.15  Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D 
with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to 
provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company 
shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is 
necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities 
for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or 
“Blue Sky” laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide 
evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.
 
4.16   Accrued Salaries. Until such time as the Debentures are no longer 
outstanding, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall pay any salaries 
accrued up to and including the Closing Date.
 
4.17  Secured Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of 
the Company and the Subsidiaries under the Transaction Documents are 
secured by the Security Agreement. Further, the term “Obligations” as 
defined in the Security Agreement shall include, without limitation: (i) 
principal of, and interest on the Debentures and the loans extended 
pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, 
obligations and liabilities of the Purchasers from time to time under or in 
connection with this Agreement, the Debentures, the Subsidiary Guarantee 
and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or 
delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts 
(including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the 
foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to 
pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of 
a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Company or 
any Subsidiary.
 
4.18  Additional Investment Option.
 
      (a)  From the date of this Agreement until March 31, 2017, the
      Purchasers, subject to approval by the Company, shall have the right
      to purchase from the Company the same securities issued pursuant to
      the Transaction Documents on the same terms, conditions and price
      provided for in the Transaction Documents, in an aggregate
      subscription amount (which shall be distributed amongst the
      Purchasers on a pro rata basis depending upon each such Purchaser’s
      Subscription Amount) up to $3,000,000.
       
      (b)  The Company and each Purchaser agree that if any Purchaser
      elects to purchase the same securities on the same terms, conditions
      and price provided for in the Transaction Documents, the transaction
      documents related to such additional investment shall not include any
      term or provision whereby such Purchaser shall be required to agree
      to any restrictions on trading as to any of the securities purchased
      thereunder or be required to consent to any amendment to or
      termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in
      connection with, this Agreement, without the prior written consent of
      such Purchaser.
 

  	31 	 

 

 
4.19  Rollover of Prior Debenture. The Company and Purchaser hereby agree 
that the debenture previously issued to Purchaser on October 7, 2016 (the “
Prior Debenture) shall be treated as though it is being reinvested on the 
terms set forth in these Transaction Documents with a Subscription Amount 
equal to $5,400,000, and the Debenture shall reflect such reinvestment.
 
4.20  Investment by CEO. Prior to February 9, 2017, the Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company shall have invested an additional $250,000 into the 
Company in a manner acceptable to the Purchasers in their sole discretion, 
which investment shall be subordinated to the Debenture to the satisfaction 
of the Purchasers.
 
4.21  Exercise Price Adjustments.
 
      (a)  If Purchasers do not receive evidence of compliance with Section
      4.20 herein by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on February 9, 2017,
      then without any further action, the exercise price of all warrants,
      including, but not limited to, the Warrants, beneficially owned by
      the Purchasers shall be reduced, and only reduced, to equal $0.20 per
      share.
       
      (b)  If the Company breaches Section 7(a) of the Debenture, then
      without any further action, the exercise price of all warrants,
      including, but not limited to, the Warrants, beneficially owned by
      the Purchasers shall be reduced, and only reduced, to equal $0.10 per
      share.
 
ARTICLE V.
MISCELLANEOUS
 
5.1  Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to 
such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect 
whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, 
by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been 
consummated on or before February 3, 2017; provided, however, that such 
termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by 
any other party (or parties).
 
5.2  Fees and Expenses. At the Closing, the Company has agreed to reimburse 
Hillair Capital Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“
Hillair”), (i) the non-accountable sum of $60,000 for its due diligence 
expenses, plus expenses associated with background checks of management and 
directors (or director/management candidates) made by Hillair, (ii) its 
legal fees and expenses and (iii) reasonable travel expenses incurred by 
Hillair. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser, prior to the Closing, 
a completed and executed copy of the Closing Statement, attached hereto as 
Annex A. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the 
contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, 
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses 
incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, 
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any 
instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or exercise 
notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties 
levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.
 

  	32 	 

 

 
5.3  Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the 
exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede 
all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to 
such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such 
documents, exhibits and schedules.
 
5.4  Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries 
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of 
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or 
email attachment at the facsimile number or email address, respectively, as 
set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. 
(New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the 
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via 
facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address, 
respectively, as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day 
that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on 
any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of 
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or 
(d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be 
given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set 
forth on the signature pages attached hereto.
 
5.5  Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, 
modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in 
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers holding at 
least sixty-seven percent (67%) in interest of the Securities then 
outstanding or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom 
enforcement of any such waived provision is sought; provided, that if any 
amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts 
a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) relative to the comparable rights and 
obligations of the other Purchasers, the consent of such disproportionately 
impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No 
waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or 
requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in 
the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other 
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission 
of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the 
exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this 
Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchase and holder of Securities 
and the Company.
 
5.6  Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not 
constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or 
affect any of the provisions hereof.
 
5.7  Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. 
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations 
hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than 
by acquisition by merger or consolidation with, or by sale of a substantial 
portion or all of the assets, stock or other equity of the Company to, any 
other Person). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this 
Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any 
Securities; provided, that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, 
with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents that apply to the “Purchasers.”
 

  	33 	 

 

 
5.8  No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be 
enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 
4.10.
 
5.9  Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, 
enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be 
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws 
of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of 
law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the 
interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought 
against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, 
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced 
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New 
York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of 
Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection 
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein 
(including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction 
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any 
Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the 
jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper 
or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby 
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process 
being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via 
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of 
delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under 
this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and 
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein 
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. If any party hereto shall commence an Action or 
Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in 
addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.10, the 
prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the 
non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and 
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of 
such Action or Proceeding.
 
5.10  Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall 
survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.
 
5.11  Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more 
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and 
the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been 
signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood 
that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any 
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a 
“.pdf” format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding 
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is 
executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” 
signature page were an original thereof.
 

  	34 	 

 

 
5.12  Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this 
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, 
illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the 
parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and 
employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same 
result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or 
restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of 
the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be 
hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.
 
5.13  Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any 
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a 
right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the 
Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods 
therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole 
discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any 
relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice 
to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a 
rescission of a conversion of a Debenture or exercise of a Warrant, the 
applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock 
subject to any such rescinded conversion or exercise notice concurrently 
with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate conversion or exercise 
price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such 
Purchaser’s right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchaser’s 
Debenture or Warrant, as the case may be (including, issuance of a 
replacement debenture or warrant certificate evidencing such restored 
right).
 
5.14  Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument 
evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the 
Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for 
and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of 
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon 
receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, 
theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument 
under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs 
(including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such 
replacement Securities.
 
5.15  Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights 
provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of 
the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance 
under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages 
may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any 
breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby 
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action or Proceeding for specific 
performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would 
be adequate.
 
5.16  Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or 
payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a 
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or 
payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part 
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or 
preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be 
refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver 
or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any 
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of 
action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part 
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued 
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such 
enforcement or setoff had not occurred.
 

  	35 	 

 

 
5.17  Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees 
not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will 
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage 
of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in 
connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by any 
Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under any Transaction 
Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any 
Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total 
liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in 
the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized 
under applicable law (the “Maximum Rate”), and, without limiting the 
foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or 
both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest 
that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents 
exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of 
interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is 
increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action 
subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest 
allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction 
Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application 
is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, 
interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to any 
Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction 
Documents, such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser to the unpaid 
principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, 
the manner of handling such excess to be at such Purchaser’s election.
 
5.18  Independent Nature of Purchasers’ Obligations and Rights. The 
obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several 
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser 
shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of 
the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. 
Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no 
action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed 
to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint 
venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the 
Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to 
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and 
enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out 
of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall 
not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional 
party in any Action or Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been 
represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation 
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience 
only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate 
with the Company through PC. PC does not represent all of the Purchasers 
and only represents Hillair. The Company has elected to provide all 
Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the 
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to 
do so by any of the Purchasers.
 
5.19  Liquidated Damages. The Company’s obligations to pay any partial 
liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents 
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all 
unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid 
notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which 
such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall 
have been canceled.
 

  	36 	 

 

 
5.20  Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.	If the last or appointed day for 
the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted 
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such 
right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.
 
5.21  Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their 
respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the 
Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to 
the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting 
party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction 
Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference 
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document 
shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock 
dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common 
Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.
 
5.22  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY 
JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH 
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES 
FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.
 
(Signature Pages Follow)
 

  	37 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
ABT HOLDINGS, inc.
  	
Address for Notice:
  	  	  	
396 S. PASADENA AVE.
  	  	  	PASADENA, CA 91105
By: 	/s/ Shahan Ohanessian 	  	
Facsimile Number:
  	
Name: SHAHAN OHANESSIAN
  	
  	Title: CEO 	  	Email Address:
  	
  	
shahan@abtholdings.com
  	  	  	shahan@scoobeez.com
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]
 

  	38 	 

 

 
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 
__________________________________
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: 
____________________________________________________
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: 
_____________________________________________________
 
Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
_____________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
__________________________________________
 
 
 
Address for Notice to Purchaser:
 
 
 
 
 
Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for 
notice):
 
Subscription Amount: _____________
 
Principal Amount (1.16 x Subscription Amount): _____________
 
Warrant Shares: _________________
 
EIN Number: _______________________
 
[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
 

  	39 	 

 

 
Annex A
 
CLOSING STATEMENT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
EXHIBIT A
 
Form of Debentures
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
EXHIBIT B
 
FORM OF PERFECTION CERTIFICATE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 
 
EXHIBIT C
 
FORM OF WARRANT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 
 
EXHIBIT D
 
FORM OF COMPANY COUNSEL LEGAL OPINION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 