 EX-10.6 7 d101223dex106.htm EX-10.6
Exhibit 10.6

TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).

Execution Version

AMENDED AND RESTATED
GAS PROCESSING AND FRACTIONATION AGREEMENT

by and between

HESS TRADING CORPORATION,

as Customer

and

HESS TIOGA GAS PLANT LLC,

as Provider

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).


TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	     	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION
   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.1
     	Definitions 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.2
     	References and Rules of Construction 	   	  	2 	  
 ARTICLE 2 TGP SYSTEM; TERM
   	  	2 	  
   Section 2.1
     	TGP System 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 2.2
     	Term 	   	  	2 	  
 ARTICLE 3 SYSTEM SERVICES; PROVIDER COVENANTS
   	  	3 	  
   Section 3.1
     	System Services 	   	  	3 	  
   Section 3.2
     	Services Standard 	   	  	4 	  
   Section 3.3
     	Exchange of Information 	   	  	4 	  
   Section 3.4
     	Providers Discretion to Operate TGP System; Bypass; Ethane Recovery 	
   	  	4 	  
   Section 3.5
     	Third Party Facilities 	   	  	5 	  
   Section 3.6
     	Reports 	   	  	5 	  
 ARTICLE 4 DEDICATION OF PRODUCTION; CUSTOMER COVENANTS
   	  	6 	  
   Section 4.1
     	Dedication 	   	  	6 	  
   Section 4.2
     	Conflicting Dedications 	   	  	7 	  
   Section 4.3
     	Customers Reservations 	   	  	7 	  
   Section 4.4
     	Releases from Dedication 	   	  	7 	  
 ARTICLE 5 DEVELOPMENT PLAN; SYSTEM PLAN; AND PLANT EXPANSIONS
   	  	9 	  
   Section 5.1
     	Development Plans 	   	  	9 	  
   Section 5.2
     	System Plans 	   	  	11 	  
   Section 5.3
     	Agreement on Proposed Development Plan and System Plan; Meetings; 
Amendments to Currently Agreed Development Plan and System Plan 	   	  	12 	
  
   Section 5.4
     	Expansion of TGP System; Committed Build-Outs 	   	  	14 	  
 ARTICLE 6 MINIMUM VOLUME COMMITMENT; SHORTFALL CREDITS
   	  	15 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	     	  	   	Page 	 
   Section 6.1
     	MVC 	   	  	15 	  
   Section 6.2
     	MVC Shortfall Credits 	   	  	16 	  
 ARTICLE 7 FEES; CHARGES; DEDUCTIONS
   	  	16 	  
   Section 7.1
     	Fees 	   	  	17 	  
   Section 7.2
     	Charges 	   	  	20 	  
   Section 7.3
     	Flaring 	   	  	20 	  
   Section 7.4
     	System GL&U 	   	  	20 	  
   Section 7.5
     	System Fuel 	   	  	20 	  
   Section 7.6
     	NGLs and Residue Gas 	   	  	21 	  
 ARTICLE 8 TENDER, NOMINATION AND PROCESSING OF PRODUCTION
   	  	21 	  
   Section 8.1
     	Priority of Service 	   	  	21 	  
   Section 8.2
     	Governmental Action 	   	  	21 	  
   Section 8.3
     	Tender of Dedicated Production, Customer Injected NGLs and 	   	 	 	
     	Additional Gas 	   	  	22 	  
   Section 8.4
     	Nominations, Scheduling and Curtailment 	   	  	22 	  
   Section 8.5
     	Suspension/Shutdown of Service 	   	  	22 	  
   Section 8.6
     	Hydrocarbon Marketing and Transportation 	   	  	23 	  
   Section 8.7
     	Downstream Delivery Points 	   	  	23 	  
   Section 8.8
     	Loading Point Vetting 	   	  	24 	  
 ARTICLE 9 QUALITY AND PRESSURE SPECIFICATIONS
   	  	24 	  
   Section 9.1
     	Quality Specifications 	   	  	24 	  
   Section 9.2
     	Pressure 	   	  	24 	  
 ARTICLE 10 TERMINATION
   	  	25 	  
   Section 10.1
     	Termination 	   	  	25 	  
   Section 10.2
     	Effect of Termination or Expiration of the Term 	   	  	26 	  
   Section 10.3
     	Damages for Early Termination 	   	  	27 	  
 ARTICLE 11 TITLE AND CUSTODY
   	  	27 	  
   Section 11.1
     	Title 	   	  	27 	  
   Section 11.2
     	Custody 	   	  	27 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	     	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 12 BILLING AND PAYMENT
   	  	28 	  
   Section 12.1
     	Invoices 	   	  	28 	  
   Section 12.2
     	Payments 	   	  	28 	  
   Section 12.3
     	Audit 	   	  	28 	  
 ARTICLE 13 REMEDIES
   	  	29 	  
   Section 13.1
     	Suspension of Performance; Release from Dedication 	   	  	29 	  
   Section 13.2
     	No Election 	   	  	29 	  
 ARTICLE 14 FORCE MAJEURE
   	  	29 	  
   Section 14.1
     	Events of Force Majeure 	   	  	29 	  
   Section 14.2
     	Actions 	   	  	30 	  
   Section 14.3
     	Strikes, Etc 	   	  	30 	  
 ARTICLE 15 REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS
   	  	31 	  
   Section 15.1
     	Party Representations 	   	  	31 	  
   Section 15.2
     	Joint Representations 	   	  	31 	  
   Section 15.3
     	Applicable Laws 	   	  	31 	  
   Section 15.4
     	Government Authority Modification 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 15.5
     	Taxes 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 15.6
     	Exclusive Producer Purchase Right 	   	  	32 	  
 ARTICLE 16 INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
   	  	32 	  
   Section 16.1
     	Custody and Control Indemnity 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 16.2
     	Customer Indemnification 	   	  	33 	  
   Section 16.3
     	Provider Indemnification 	   	  	33 	  
   Section 16.4
     	Actual Direct Damages 	   	  	34 	  
   Section 16.5
     	Penalties 	   	  	34 	  
   Section 16.6
     	Insurance 	   	  	34 	  
 ARTICLE 17 ASSIGNMENT
   	  	34 	  
   Section 17.1
     	Assignment of Rights and Obligations under this Agreement 	   	  	34 	
  
   Section 17.2
     	Pre-Approved Assignment 	   	  	35 	  
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	     	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 18 CUSTOMER GUARANTEE; ADEQUATE ASSURANCES
   	  	35 	  
   Section 18.1
     	Customer Guarantee 	   	  	35 	  
   Section 18.2
     	Adequate Assurances 	   	  	35 	  
 ARTICLE 19 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	36 	  
   Section 19.1
     	Relationship of the Parties 	   	  	36 	  
   Section 19.2
     	Notices; Voice Recording 	   	  	36 	  
   Section 19.3
     	Expenses 	   	  	37 	  
   Section 19.4
     	Waivers; Rights Cumulative 	   	  	37 	  
   Section 19.5
     	Confidentiality 	   	  	37 	  
   Section 19.6
     	Entire Agreement; Conflicts 	   	  	38 	  
   Section 19.7
     	Amendment 	   	  	38 	  
   Section 19.8
     	Governing Law; Disputes 	   	  	38 	  
   Section 19.9
     	Parties in Interest 	   	  	38 	  
   Section 19.10
     	Preparation of Agreement 	   	  	38 	  
   Section 19.11
     	Severability 	   	  	39 	  
   Section 19.12
     	Operating Terms; Service Interface Rules 	   	  	39 	  
   Section 19.13
     	Counterparts 	   	  	39 	  
 
iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).

APPENDICES AND EXHIBITS
 
 APPENDIX I
   	
 OPERATING TERMS AND CONDITIONS
 APPENDIX II
   	
 DEFINITIONS
 APPENDIX III
   	
 SERVICE INTERFACE RULES
 EXHIBIT A-1
   	
 PLANT
 EXHIBIT A-2
   	
 PLANT FACILITIES
 EXHIBIT B-1
   	
 DEDICATED AREA
 EXHIBIT B-2
   	
 DEDICATED CONTRACTS
 EXHIBIT C
   	
 CONFLICTING DEDICATIONS
 EXHIBIT D
   	
 CURRENT DEVELOPMENT PLAN
 EXHIBIT E
   	
 CURRENT SYSTEM PLAN
 EXHIBIT F
   	
 CURRENT MINIMUM VOLUME COMMITMENTS
 EXHIBIT G-1
   	
 FEES
 EXHIBIT G-2
   	
 FEE RECALCULATION MODEL
 EXHIBIT G-3
   	
 TARGET ETHANE RECOVERY TABLES
 EXHIBIT G-4
   	
 SECONDARY TERM FEE
 EXHIBIT H
   	
 RECEIPT POINTS
 EXHIBIT I
   	
 DELIVERY POINTS
 EXHIBIT J
   	
 INSURANCE
 EXHIBIT K
   	
 ADDRESSES FOR NOTICE PURPOSES
 
v

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED GAS PROCESSING AND FRACTIONATION AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED GAS PROCESSING AND FRACTIONATION AGREEMENT (as 
the same may be amended from time to time in accordance herewith, this 
Agreement) is made effective for all purposes (except as otherwise 
expressly set forth herein) as of January 1, 2014 at 12:01 a.m. CCT (the 
Effective Time), by and between Hess Trading Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation (Customer), and Hess Tioga Gas Plant LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (Provider). Customer and Provider are sometimes 
together referred to in this Agreement as the Parties and individually as 
a Party.


RECITALS

WHEREAS, on (a) October 30, 2014, the Parties entered into that certain Gas 
Processing and Fractionation Agreement, dated effective as of the Effective 
Time, (b) April 2, 2015, the Parties entered into that certain First 
Amendment to Gas Processing and Fractionation Agreement, dated effective as 
of the Effective Time, (c) July 1, 2015, the Parties entered into that 
certain Second Amendment to Gas Processing and Fractionation Agreement, 
dated effective as of the Effective Time, and (d) December 2, 2016, the 
Parties entered into that certain Third Amendment to Gas Processing and 
Fractionation Agreement, dated effective as of the Effective Time (such 
agreement, as the same has been amended, modified or supplemented as of the 
date hereof pursuant to the amendments referenced above, the Original 
Agreement)

WHEREAS, Provider owns, operates and maintains the TGP System (as defined 
herein), which allows Provider to process Gas (as defined herein) and 
Injected NGLs (as defined herein) for the extraction of NGLs (as defined 
herein) and to perform fractionation and other services in connection 
therewith; and

WHEREAS, Customer owns or Controls (as defined herein), and has the right 
to Tender (as defined herein), certain Gas (such Gas, Customer Gas) and 
certain Injected NGLs (such Injected NGLs, Customer Injected NGLs) into 
the TGP System, and Provider desires to provide the System Services (as 
defined herein) for the Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs, on the 
terms and subject to the conditions in this Agreement.

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement to 
modify certain terms and conditions set forth therein.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
AGREEMENTS

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, covenants, and 
conditions in this Agreement contained, Provider and Customer hereby agree 
to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety as follows:


ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

Section 1.1    Definitions. As used in this Agreement, capitalized words 
and terms shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in Appendix II 
attached hereto.

Section 1.2    References and Rules of Construction. All references in this 
Agreement to Exhibits, Appendices, Articles, Sections, subsections and 
other subdivisions refer to the corresponding Exhibits, Appendices, 
Articles, Sections, subsections and other subdivisions of or to this 
Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise. Titles appearing at the 
beginning of any Articles, Sections, subsections and other subdivisions of 
this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute any part of this 
Agreement, and shall be disregarded in construing the language hereof. The 
words this Agreement, herein, hereby, hereunder and hereof, and 
words of similar import, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any 
particular Article, Section, subsection or other subdivision unless 
expressly so limited. The word including (in its various forms) means 
including without limitation. All references to $ or dollars shall be 
deemed references to United States dollars. Each accounting term not 
defined herein will have the meaning given to it under generally accepted 
accounting principles. Pronouns in masculine, feminine or neuter genders 
shall be construed to state and include any other gender, and words, terms 
and titles (including terms defined herein) in the singular form shall be 
construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless the context 
otherwise requires. References to any Law means such Law as it may be 
amended from time to time.


ARTICLE 2
TGP SYSTEM; TERM

Section 2.1    TGP System. The Plant means that certain cryogenic Gas 
processing and NGL fractionation facility located in Williams County, North 
Dakota and commonly described as the Tioga Gas Plant, as the same is more 
particularly described on Exhibit A-1. As used herein, the Plant shall 
also include all appurtenant facilities operated by Provider and located on 
the lands described on Exhibit A-1 (the Plant Site), including inlet 
facilities, residue outlets, pipelines and interconnects with Downstream 
Facilities, in each case, as such plant, facilities, pipelines and 
interconnects may be modified and/or extended from time to time, including 
pursuant to a Plant Expansion. The Plant Facilities means those certain 
pipelines, associated facilities and interconnects with Downstream 
Facilities that are, in each case, owned and operated by Provider but not 
located on the Plant Site, including the Hess North Dakota Pipeline, in 
each case, as the same may be modified and/or extended from time to time, 
including pursuant to a Facilities Modification, and as the same are more 
particularly described on Exhibit A-2. The Plant and Plant Facilities are 
collectively referred to herein as the TGP System.

Section 2.2    Term. Subject to earlier termination pursuant to Section 
10.1 (a) this Agreement shall commence at the Effective Time and shall 
remain in effect until the 10th anniversary of the Effective Time (the 
Initial Term), (b) Provider shall have the option, exercisable by the 
delivery of written Notice to Customer on or before the date that is three
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Years prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, to renew this Agreement 
for one additional ten Year period (such second ten Year period, the 
Secondary Term), and (c) thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically 
renew for successive Yearly periods unless terminated by either Party 
through the delivery of written Notice to the other Party on or before the 
date that is 180 Days prior to the end of the Secondary Term or the 
then-current Yearly term, as applicable (the Initial Term, the Secondary 
Term and any subsequent Yearly renewal periods, collectively, the Term). 
Should Provider elect to renew this Agreement for the Secondary Term 
pursuant to this Section 2.2, then, upon the beginning of the Secondary 
Term (and thereafter during the Term of this Agreement), the provisions of 
Section 7.1(j) and Exhibit G-4 shall be applicable hereunder. For the 
avoidance of doubt, during the Initial Term the provisions of Section 
7.1(j) and Exhibit G-4 shall not be applicable hereunder.


ARTICLE 3
SYSTEM SERVICES; PROVIDER COVENANTS

Section 3.1    System Services. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement 
and rights of all applicable Governmental Authorities, during the Term, 
Provider shall provide, or cause to be provided, the following services 
with respect to Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs, in each case, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (collectively, 
the System Services):

(a)    Processing Services, which means: (i) the receipt of Customer Gas 
and Customer Injected NGLs Tendered by or on behalf of Customer at the 
Receipt Points; (ii) the transportation, as applicable, of such Customer 
Gas and Customer NGLs to the Plant via the Plant Facilities; (iii) the 
processing and/or treatment of such Customer Gas; (iv) the fractionation 
and/or treatment of NGLs; (v) the redelivery of Residue Gas and NGLs 
produced from the processing, fractionation and/or treatment, as 
applicable, of Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs and allocable to 
Customer in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof (such Residue 
Gas, Customer Residue Gas, and such NGLs, Customer NGLs) at the 
relevant Delivery Points (as Nominated by Customer) for Customers account, 
with an equivalent Thermal Content to such Customer Gas and Customer 
Injected NGLs, less System Fuel and Losses allocated to Customer in 
accordance with this Agreement; (vi) the metering of such Customer Gas and 
Customer Injected NGLs at the Receipt Points; and (vii) the metering of 
such Customer Residue Gas and Customer NGLs at the Delivery Points (other 
than the Loading Points);

(b)    Gas Lift Services, which means the compressing and redelivery of 
Customer Residue Gas to the Gas Lift Delivery Points;

(c)    Loading Services, which means (i) the loading of Customer NGLs 
onto trucks and rail cars at the Loading Points; and (ii) the metering of 
Customer NGLs at the Loading Points;

(d)    Transportation Services, which means the redelivery of Customer 
Residue Gas at a HNDP Delivery Point; and
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(e)    those other services to be performed by Provider in respect of 
Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs as set forth in this Agreement.

Section 3.2    Services Standard. Provider agrees to own, operate, and 
maintain, at its sole cost, risk and expense, the TGP System and the other 
facilities, in each case, as are necessary to provide the System Services 
contemplated in this Agreement in accordance with the then-current 
Development Plan and System Plan and in a good and workmanlike manner in 
accordance with standards customary in the industry in the geographic area 
where the TGP System is located.

Section 3.3    Exchange of Information. Each Party agrees to use its 
reasonable efforts to provide, on a timely basis, such information to the 
other Party as may be reasonably needed by such other Party to perform its 
obligations hereunder (including, in the case of Provider, to provide the 
System Services hereunder).

Section 3.4    Providers Discretion to Operate TGP System; Bypass; Ethane 
Recovery. Provider shall have sole and exclusive control, management, and 
operational discretion in operating the TGP System. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing:

(a)    Any decision by Provider to curtail or Bypass any System Services 
hereunder (other than such a decision made pursuant to Section 3.4(b)), or 
alter the recovery parameters of the processing train, shall be undertaken 
in the manner set forth in the Operating Terms.

(b)    Customer shall have the option, at any time during the Term, to 
request that all or a portion of the Customer Gas Bypass certain System 
Services in order for Customer to meet its obligations under contractual 
requirements with a Downstream Facility. To the extent that such request 
would not, in Providers sole discretion, be reasonably likely to (i) cause 
Provider to not be able to deliver the System Services hereunder in 
accordance with this Agreement, (ii) cause Provider, or the TGP System, to 
be unable to comply with any applicable Law, or (iii) cause any adverse 
effect on Provider, the TGP System or any other asset of Provider, then, in 
such case, Provider shall consider such request and use its good faith 
efforts to implement such request.

(c)    The base operating mode of the Plant will be Ethane Recovery Mode
, for the separate recovery of ethane from the Gas and Injected NGL 
stream. If Provider, in its sole discretion, believes that operating in 
Ethane Recovery Mode would be reasonably likely to (w) cause Provider to 
not be able to deliver the System Services hereunder in accordance with 
this Agreement, (x) cause Provider, or the TGP System, to be unable to 
comply with any applicable Law, (y) cause any adverse effect on Provider, 
the TGP System or any other asset of Provider, or (z) result in Customer 
Residue Gas (other than any Customer Residue Gas constituting System Fuel 
and Losses) failing to meet any quality specifications of any Downstream 
Facility, then, in any such case, Provider may cause the Plant to operate 
in Ethane Rejection Mode.    Should Provider intend to cause the Plan to 
operate in Ethane Rejection Mode pursuant to the preceding sentence, 
Provider shall give Customer written Notice of such desire as soon as is 
reasonably practicable following such determination.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(i)    Assuming that all Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs Tendered 
by or on behalf of Customer at the Receipt Points meet the respective 
quality specifications contained in Section 1.1 of the Operating Terms, 
Provider shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the TGP 
System to (A) achieve the recovery rates set forth in Exhibit G-3 under the 
heading Ethane Recovery Mode when operating in Ethane Recovery Mode, and 
(B) achieve the recovery rates set forth in Exhibit G-3 under the heading 
Ethane Rejection Mode when operating in Ethane Rejection Mode.

(ii)    To the extent that ethane is not recovered (or is recovered but 
returned to the Residue Gas stream), it shall be accounted for to Customer 
as part of Customer Residue Gas. To the extent that ethane is separately 
recovered (and not returned to the Residue Gas stream), then ethane shall 
be accounted for to Customer as a Customer NGL.

(d)    The base operating mode of the Plant will be Sulfur Recovery Mode
, for the separate recovery of sulfur from the Gas and Injected NGL 
stream. If (i) Provider, in its sole discretion, believes that operating in 
Sulfur Recovery Mode would be reasonably likely to (A) cause Provider to 
not be able to deliver the System Services hereunder in accordance with 
this Agreement, (B) cause Provider, or the TGP System, to be unable to 
comply with any applicable Law, (C) cause any adverse effect on Provider, 
the TGP System or any other asset of Provider, or (D) result in any 
Customer Residue Gas (other than any Customer Residue Gas constituting 
System Fuel and Losses) or NGLs failing to meet any quality specifications 
of any Downstream Facility, or (ii) the Customer Gas and/or Customer 
Injected NGLs delivered hereunder contain less than a total of ** percent 
(**%) by volume of hydrogen sulfide, then, in any such case, Provider may 
cause the Plant to cease operating in Sulfur Recovery Mode. Provider shall 
give Customer written Notice of any determination made by Provider to cease 
operating the Plant in Sulfur Recovery Mode as far in advance as is 
reasonably possible from the date upon which Provider intends to cease 
operating the Plant in Sulfur Recovery Mode.

Section 3.5    Third Party Facilities. Except for situations of Force 
Majeure, or as may be required by necessary repairs, maintenance, or 
outages on the TGP System, or as otherwise agreed by the Parties, Provider 
shall not utilize or substitute any Gas processing and/or NGL fractionation 
facilities other than the TGP System for performance of the System Services 
under this Agreement, and then only with notice to Customer as soon as 
reasonably practical.

Section 3.6    Reports. Provider shall file all necessary reports and/or 
notices required by applicable Laws with respect to the performance by 
Provider of the System Services pursuant to this Agreement.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
ARTICLE 4
DEDICATION OF PRODUCTION; CUSTOMER COVENANTS

Section 4.1    Dedication.

(a)    Subject to the provisions of Section 4.1 through Section 4.4 and 
Article 17, Customer exclusively dedicates and commits to deliver to 
Provider under this Agreement all:

(i)    Customer Gas formerly owned or Controlled by Producer and produced 
from those oil and gas properties located in the area described on Exhibit 
B-1 (such area, as the same may be modified from time to time by the 
Parties hereunder, the Dedicated Area) that are operated by Producer or 
that are not operated by Producer, but from which Producer has elected to 
take its applicable production in-kind (such Gas, Dedicated Producer Gas
); and

(ii)    Customer Gas that Customer owns or Controls through one of the 
contracts described on Exhibit B-2, which Exhibit shall be updated at least 
annually by the Parties as part of the Development Plan and System Plan 
processes pursuant to Article 5 (such contracts, the Dedicated Contracts
). Pending any formal amendment of Exhibit B-2 to update the list of 
Dedicated Contracts contained thereon, the Parties acknowledge and agree 
that Customers delivery of Notice to Provider pursuant to Section 19.2 
indicating Customers intent to dedicate a contract to Provider under this 
Agreement as a Dedicated Contract shall be sufficient to classify (A) 
such contract as a Dedicated Contract for all purposes hereunder until 
Exhibit B-2 is formally amended to include the same, and (B) all volumes 
owned or Controlled by Customer pursuant to such contract and delivered to 
Provider hereunder (to the extent such volumes were delivered from and 
after the last update of Exhibit B-2 and prior to the delivery of such 
written notice or after the delivery of such notice) as Dedicated 
Production for all purposes hereunder.

(b)    All Dedicated Producer Gas and all Customer Gas subject to a 
Dedicated Contract that (i) is not described in Section 4.1(c)(i), (ii) is 
not subject to a Conflicting Dedication, (iii) has not been reserved and 
utilized by Customer pursuant to Section 4.3, and (iv) has not been 
released (either temporarily or permanently) from dedication pursuant to 
Section 4.4, is referred to collectively hereunder as Dedicated Production
.

(c)    Notwithstanding the foregoing:

(i)    any Dedicated Producer Gas (A) that is produced from a well that was 
drilled and completed, and is operated, in each case, by a Non-Party that 
is not an Affiliate of Customer, and (B) that such Non-Party operator (and 
not Customer or any of Customers Affiliates) markets under applicable 
contractual arrangements with respect to such well and such Customer Gas, 
shall not be considered Dedicated Production hereunder; and

(ii)    no Dedicated Contract may be amended, modified or otherwise 
supplemented by Customer such that the volume of Dedicated Production 
resulting therefrom would be reduced without the prior written consent of 
Provider, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, 
that such restrictions shall not apply
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
to (A) any termination or expiration of any such Dedicated Contract 
pursuant to its terms, or (B) the removal of any individual well from the 
coverage of any such Dedicated Contract that, on average, produces less 
than 100 Mcf of Gas a Month.

Section 4.2    Conflicting Dedications. Notwithstanding anything in this 
Agreement to the contrary, Customer shall have the right to comply with 
each processing, fractionation or transportation agreement or any 
commitment or arrangement (including any volume commitment) that would 
require any Customer Gas to be processed or fractionated at any processing 
or fractionation facility other than the TGP System (each, a Conflicting 
Dedication) that (a) is in effect as of January 1, 2017 and is described 
in Exhibit C, or (b) that is applicable and in effect as of the date that 
Customer acquires Control of any Gas produced from lands covered by the 
Dedicated Area that was not under the Control of Customer as of January 1, 
2017. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall only have the right to 
comply with the applicable Conflicting Dedication up to and until the first 
Day of the Month following the termination of such Conflicting Dedication 
(without giving effect to any right of Customer to renew or extend the term 
of such Conflicting Dedication). For the avoidance of doubt, any Customer 
Gas that, but for a Conflicting Dedication, would be considered Dedicated 
Production hereunder, shall, automatically upon the termination of the 
applicable Conflicting Dedication, be considered Dedicated Production 
hereunder. As of January 1, 2017, Customer represents that, except as set 
forth in Exhibit C, the Dedicated Production is not subject to any 
Conflicting Dedication.

Section 4.3    Customers Reservations. Customer reserves the following 
rights respecting Dedicated Producer Gas and all Customer Gas subject to a 
Dedicated Contract for itself: to deliver or furnish to the applicable 
lessors and holders of other burdens on production such Customer Gas as is 
required to satisfy the terms of the applicable oil and gas leases or other 
applicable instruments.

Section 4.4    Releases from Dedication.

(a)    If Provider has failed to complete the facilities necessary to 
connect a Planned Receipt Point to the TGP System within:

(i)    90 Days of the applicable Target Completion Date contained in the 
then-currently agreed System Plan, then, upon written Notice from Customer 
to Provider, Customer shall be entitled to:

(A)    in the case of any such written Notice delivered during the Initial 
Term: (1) request a temporary Recalculation Election pursuant to Section 
7.1(g)(y), in which case (x) the Dedicated Production Estimate that is 
applicable to such Planned Receipt Point will be deemed deleted from the 
Dedicated Production Estimate contained in the then-currently agreed 
Development Plan, (y) the Committed Build-Out at issue (and all Committed 
Build-Out Costs related thereto) will be deleted from the then-currently 
agreed System Plan, and (z) the Fees resulting from such Recalculation 
Election will be utilized, subject to the last
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
sentence of this Section 4.4(a)(i)(A), for the remainder of the 
then-current Year, and (2) a temporary reduction in the then-applicable MVC 
to reflect the deletion of the applicable portion of the Dedicated 
Production Estimate, which reduction in MVC will remain in effect, subject 
to the last sentence of this Section 4.4(a)(i)(A), for the remainder of the 
then-current Year. Any such temporary Recalculation Election and reduction 
in MVC shall, in each case, be terminated, and the Fees and MVC shall each 
revert back to their respective levels prior to such election, upon the 
completion of the connection of the Planned Receipt Point to the TGP 
System; or

(B)    in the case of any such written Notice delivered from and after the 
beginning of the Secondary Term: receive a temporary (1) release from the 
dedication hereunder of the Dedicated Production Estimate that is 
applicable to such Planned Receipt Point, and (2) reduction in the 
then-applicable MVC to reflect the temporary release of the applicable 
portion of the Dedicated Production Estimate, which temporary release and 
reduction in MVC will remain in effect, in each case, until the earlier of 
(x) the end of then-current Year, or (y) the completion of the connection 
of the applicable Planned Receipt Point to the TGP System; or

(ii)    180 Days of the applicable Target Completion Date contained in the 
then-currently agreed System Plan, then, upon written Notice from Customer 
to Provider, the volumes of Dedicated Production applicable to such Planned 
Receipt Point shall be permanently released from the dedication under this 
Agreement and Customer may deliver and commit such Customer Gas that was 
formerly Dedicated Production to such other processor or fractionator as it 
shall determine in its sole discretion.

(b)    Certain Dedicated Production may also be temporarily released from 
dedication under this Agreement in the event of:

(i)    any curtailment or interruption of the System Services to be 
provided to Customer as set forth in Section 8.5(d) or in Section 1.5 of 
the Operating Terms, in each case, other than any Bypass election;

(ii)    a material breach of this Agreement by Provider as provided in 
Section 13.1(b); or

(iii)    an order of a Governmental Authority that causes the curtailment 
of System Services to Customer as provided in Section 8.2.

(c)    In the event that any Dedicated Production (as such term is 
defined in the GGA) is released from the dedication under the GGA, Customer 
shall have the right to request that the corresponding Dedicated Production 
also be released from the dedication hereunder. Any such request shall be 
subject to Providers prior written consent, such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld. Any such release from dedication hereunder shall 
last for the duration specified in the
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
request from Customer, but in no event shall such release hereunder be 
longer than the applicable release under the GGA (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the release requested hereunder may be permanent if the 
corresponding release from dedication under the GGA is permanent); 
provided, however, that no such release of Dedicated Production permitted 
pursuant to this Section 4.4(c) shall result in a reduction in the MVC 
pursuant to Section 6.1.


ARTICLE 5
DEVELOPMENT PLAN; SYSTEM PLAN; AND PLANT EXPANSIONS

Section 5.1    Development Plans. Customer has provided Provider with a 
report attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Current Development Plan) 
describing in detail, as of January 1, 2017, the planned development, 
drilling, production, processing, treating, marketing and other activities 
to take place with respect to Dedicated Production and Customer Injected 
NGLs for the applicable Development Period. The information contained in 
the Current Development Plan is, with respect to the first three Years 
covered by the Current Development Plan, on a Quarter-by-Quarter basis, and 
with respect to the remaining Years covered by the Current Development 
Plan, on a Year-by-Year basis. The Current Development Plan attached hereto 
has been approved by the Parties.

(a)    From time to time during each Year of the Term, the Parties shall 
meet to discuss the planned development, drilling, production, processing, 
treating, marketing and other activities that Customer expects to take 
place with respect to Dedicated Production and Customer Injected NGLs for 
the then-applicable Development Period. Customer and Provider shall each 
make their respective representatives available to participate in such 
meetings and discussions. No later than August 1 of each such Year, 
Customer shall provide (or cause to be provided) to Provider a proposed 
update of the then-currently agreed Development Plan, prepared on the same 
basis as the Current Development Plan and describing in detail the planned 
development, drilling, production, processing, treating, marketing and 
other activities to take place with respect to Dedicated Production and 
Customer Injected NGLs for the then-applicable Development Period (any such 
update, an Updated Development Plan and, together with the Current 
Development Plan, each, a Development Plan).

(b)    Each proposed Development Plan shall include information as to the 
following, in each case, broken out, with respect to the first three Years 
covered by such Development Plan, on a Quarter-by-Quarter basis, and, with 
respect to the remaining Years covered by such Development Plan, on a 
Year-by-Year basis:

(i)    forward-looking production estimates for the applicable time period 
covered by such Development Plan for all Customer Gas and Customer Injected 
NGLs (A) that Customer reasonably and in good faith believes will become 
owned or Controlled by Customer during the time period covered by such 
Development Plan, and/or (B) that will be produced from (I) in the 
aggregate, all Wells then-existing and (II) in the aggregate, all Wells 
that are expected to be drilled during the time period covered by such 
Development Plan (each such Well reflected in such Development Plan, a 
Planned Well and, such collective estimates described in subsections (A) 
and (B), both with respect to a particular Quarter and an entire Year, the 
Dedicated Production Estimates);
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(ii)    (A) each new receipt point (including the location thereof) 
proposed by Customer with respect to the Dedicated Production Estimate 
reflected in such Development Plan (each such receipt point, a Planned 
Receipt Point), (B) each Receipt Point at which Customer expects to Tender 
Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGLs reflected in such Development Plan 
into the TGP System, and (C) the estimated portion of the Dedicated 
Production Estimate contained in such Development Plan that Customer 
expects to Tender at each such Receipt Point and Planned Receipt Point;

(iii)    (A) each new delivery point (including the location thereof) 
proposed by Customer with respect to the Dedication Production Estimate 
reflected in such Development Plan (each such delivery point, a Planned 
Delivery Point), (B) each Delivery Point at which Customer expects to 
Nominate Customer Residue Gas or Customer NGLs produced from the Dedicated 
Production Estimate reflected in such Development Plan to be redelivered to 
Customer, and (C) the estimated volumes of Customer Residue Gas and 
Customer NGLs produced from the Dedication Production Estimate contained in 
such Development Plan that Customer expects to Nominate to each such 
Delivery Point;

(iv)    the earliest date on which each Planned Receipt Point and Planned 
Delivery Point included in the Development Plan is required by Customer to 
be placed into service, which date shall not be earlier than three Months 
after the January 1st that is immediately subsequent to the date that the 
Development Plan that initially reflected such Planned Receipt Point or 
Planned Delivery Point was delivered to Provider hereunder;

(v)    the anticipated characteristics of the production from the Wells and 
Planned Wells reflected in such Development Plan (including liquids content 
and gas and liquids composition) and the projected production volumes and 
production pressures applicable thereto; provided that Customer may utilize 
the existing and historical production information from similarly situated 
Wells;

(vi)    any (A) proposed revision to the then-existing Dedicated Area 
and/or any then-existing Dedicated Contract and/or (B) any new contract 
that Customer proposes to be a Dedicated Contract; and

(vii)    other information reasonably requested by Provider that is 
relevant to the design, construction, and operation of the TGP System, 
including (A) any applicable Plant Expansion or Facilities Modification 
proposed by Customer, (B) the relevant Receipt Point and Planned Receipt 
Point facilities applicable to such Development Plan, and (C) the relevant 
Delivery Point and Planned Delivery Point facilities applicable to such 
Development Plan.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Section 5.2    System Plans. Provider has provided Customer with a report 
attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Current System Plan) describing and/or 
depicting, as of January 1, 2017, the modifications, extensions, 
enhancements, major maintenance and/or other actions necessary in order for 
the TGP System to be able to provide System Services to Customer in 
accordance with the Current Development Plan. The Current System Plan 
attached hereto has been approved by the Parties.

(a)    From time to time during each Year of the Term, the Parties shall 
meet to discuss any modifications, extensions, enhancements, major 
maintenance and/or other actions necessary in order for the TGP System to 
be able to provide System Services to Customer to meet the planned 
development, drilling, production, processing, treating, marketing and 
other activities expected to take place with respect to Dedicated 
Production and Customer Injected NGLs in the Dedicated Area for the 
then-applicable Development Period. Following the receipt of a proposed 
Updated Development Plan from Customer, Provider shall (i) first develop 
and provide to Customer a high-level summary and estimate of any proposed 
update to the Current System Plan or the then-currently agreed System Plan, 
as applicable, and (ii) subsequently (and as soon as reasonably 
practicable) following the delivery of such summary, develop and provide to 
Customer a fully detailed version of such proposed update to the Current 
System Plan or the then-currently agreed System Plan, as applicable, 
describing and/or depicting the modifications, extensions, enhancements, 
major maintenance and/or other actions necessary in order for the TGP 
System to be able to provide System Services to Customer in accordance with 
the proposed Updated Development Plan (each such detailed plan, as the 
then-currently agreed plan may be updated or amended from time to time, a 
System Plan).

(b)    Each proposed System Plan shall include information as to the 
following:

(i)    all Receipt Points, Planned Receipt Points, Delivery Points and 
Planned Delivery Points served or to be served by the TGP System, including 
the contractual operating pressures and maximum operating pressures 
thereof;

(ii)    estimates of all modifications, enhancements and/or extensions to 
(A) the Plant that (1) would be owned and operated by Provider and (2) 
would need to be constructed and/or placed into service hereunder to 
provide the System Services pursuant to the terms hereof (each, a Plant 
Expansion), and (B) the Plant Facilities that (1) would be owned and 
operated by Provider and (2) would need to be constructed and/or placed 
into service hereunder to provide the System Services pursuant to the terms 
hereof (each, a Facilities Modification), in each case of (A) and (B) 
above, that are necessary in order for Provider to provide the System 
Services to Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs (including any Customer 
Residue Gas and Customer NGLs allocable thereto) as set forth in the 
applicable Development Plan (the Committed Build-Outs);

(iii)    the estimated schedule for completing the construction and 
installation of the planned Committed Build-Outs (such estimate, with 
respect to each such Committed Build-Out, the Target Completion Date); 
and
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(iv)    the estimated changes to the Fees that would result if a Party made 
a Recalculation Election as a result of such updated System Plan and 
applicable Updated Development Plan.

(c)    Simultaneously with the delivery of any proposed System Plan, 
Provider shall also prepare and deliver to Customer a report containing the 
following budget and schedule of information with respect to the applicable 
proposed System Plan (each, a System Budget):

(i)    the estimated budgeted amounts (other than Maintenance Capital 
Expenditures and operating expenses) for the construction and installation 
of the planned Committed Build-Outs contained in the applicable System Plan 
(such amounts, collectively, Committed Build-Out Costs and each such 
estimate, a Committed Build-Out Estimate);

(ii)    the estimated budgeted amounts for all Maintenance Capital 
Expenditures that Provider believes will be necessary to provide the System 
Services as contemplated by the applicable Development Plan and System 
Plan, including with respect to all Committed Build-Outs included therein 
(each such estimate, a Maintenance Capital Estimate);

(iii)    the estimated budgeted amounts for all operating expenses that 
Provider believes will be necessary to provide the System Services as 
contemplated by the applicable Development Plan and System Plan, including 
with respect to all Committed Build-Outs included therein (each such 
estimate, an Operating Expense Estimate); and

(iv)    an estimated schedule of all maintenance that Provider deems 
necessary or advisable to perform on the TGP System in the next Year in 
order to provide the System Services set forth in the applicable 
Development Plan and System Plan, including with respect to all Committed 
Build-Outs included therein.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Provider shall be entitled 
to update any System Budget (and any or all of its constituent subparts) 
following the agreement of the Parties on any proposed Updated Development 
Plan and its corresponding proposed System Plan pursuant to Section 5.3(a)
.

Section 5.3    Agreement on Proposed Development Plan and System Plan; 
Meetings; Amendments to Currently Agreed Development Plan and System Plan.

(a)    The Parties shall use their good faith efforts to agree upon a 
proposed Updated Development Plan and corresponding proposed System Plan on 
or before December 31st of the Year in which such Updated Development Plan 
was first delivered to Provider Any failure to agree upon a proposed 
Updated Development Plan and its corresponding proposed System Plan by such 
date shall mean the then-currently agreed Development Plan and System Plan 
shall remain in force until such time as they are replaced by a mutually 
agreed Updated Development Plan and updated System Plan, respectively.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(b)    Customer shall make representatives of Customer available to discuss 
the proposed Updated Development Plan from time to time with Provider and 
its representatives at Providers request. Provider shall make 
representatives of Provider available to discuss the proposed System Plan 
from time to time with Customer and its representatives at Customers 
request.

(c)    The Parties and their respective representatives shall meet not less 
frequently than quarterly during the Term. At all such meetings, the 
Parties shall exchange updated information about the plans for the 
development and expansion of the properties producing the then-existing 
Dedicated Production, including amendments to the then-currently agreed 
Development Plan, and the TGP System, including amendments to the 
then-currently agreed System Plan and then-current System Budget, and shall 
have the opportunity to discuss and provide comments on the other Partys 
plans.

(d)    Customer may deliver to Provider, from time to time, a proposed 
amendment to the then-currently agreed Development Plan. Following delivery 
of such proposed amendment, the Parties shall meet to discuss the adoption 
of any amendments proposed by Customer and use their respective good faith 
efforts to reach agreement on any such proposed amendment and any necessary 
corresponding amendments to the then-currently agreed System Plan. Upon the 
agreement of the Parties upon any such amendment to the then-currently 
agreed Development Plan (and any necessary corresponding amendments to the 
then-currently agreed System Plan), Provider shall be entitled to update 
the applicable System Budget to reflect such agreed-upon amendments.

(e)    Should the Parties be unable to reach agreement on (x) any proposed 
Updated Development Plan or corresponding updated System Plan pursuant to 
Section 5.3(a), (y) any proposed amendment to the then-currently agreed 
Development Plan and/or any necessary corresponding amendments to the 
then-currently agreed System Plan pursuant to Section 5.3(d), or (z) the 
decision to install any additional facilities as contemplated pursuant to 
Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms (and/or any amendments to the 
then-current System Plan that would be needed to incorporate the 
installation of such additional facilities), then either Party may elect, 
by delivering written Notice to the other Party (each, an Executive 
Election) to invoke the following provisions with respect to such disputed 
amendments or facilities, as applicable:

(i)    any Executive Election delivered hereunder shall include (A) the (1) 
proposed Updated Development Plan and/or proposed corresponding updated 
System Plan that such electing Party proposes be adopted, (2) amendment to 
the then-currently agreed Development Plan and/or System Plan that such 
electing Party proposes be adopted, or (3) additional facilities 
contemplated pursuant to Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms that such 
electing Party proposes be installed (and/or any amendments to the 
then-current System Plan that would be needed to incorporate the 
installation of such additional facilities), as applicable, and (B) the 
name and title of (1) the executive who (x) has the authority to settle 
such dispute, (y) is at a Vice President or higher level of management and 
(z) is at a higher level of management than the Persons with direct 
responsibility for administration of this Agreement or the amendments in 
dispute (any
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
such Person, an Executive Representative) of such electing Party who will 
represent such electing Party in resolving such dispute and (2) any other 
Person who will accompany such Executive Representative;

(ii)    within 15 Days after a Partys receipt of the applicable Executive 
Election, the receiving Party shall submit to the electing Party a written 
response to such Executive Election that includes (A) the (1) proposed 
Updated Development Plan and/or proposed corresponding updated System Plan 
that such electing Party proposes be adopted, (2) amendment to the 
then-currently agreed Development Plan and/or System Plan that such 
responding Party proposes be adopted, or (3) additional facilities 
contemplated pursuant to Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms that such 
electing Party proposes be installed (and/or any amendments to the 
then-current System Plan that would be needed to incorporate the 
installation of such additional facilities), as applicable, and (B) the 
name and title of (1) the Executive Representative of such responding Party 
who will represent such responding Party in resolving such dispute and (2) 
any other Person who will accompany such Executive Representative;

(iii)    the Parties shall then attempt in good faith to resolve the 
applicable dispute by negotiations between their respective Executive 
Representatives; and

(iv)    such Executive Representatives of the Parties shall meet at least 
weekly (or as more often as they reasonably deem necessary), at a mutually 
acceptable time and place, until the applicable dispute has been resolved.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event 
shall Provider be required to agree to any Updated Development Plan and 
corresponding updated System Plan that contains a Committed Build-Out that 
(x) has a corresponding Target Completion Date that occurs after the end of 
the Initial Term, and (y) Provider, in its sole discretion, does not wish 
to approve, whether pursuant to an Executive Election and the related 
provisions of this Section 5.3(e) or otherwise.


Section 5.4    Expansion of TGP System; Committed Build-Outs.

(a)    Provider shall, at its sole cost and expense, design, construct and 
operate all Committed Build-Outs contained in the then-currently agreed 
System Plan for the purpose of providing System Services in accordance with 
this Agreement.

(b)    Provider is responsible, at its sole cost, for the acquisition and 
maintenance of rights of way, surface use and/or surface access agreements 
necessary to construct, own and operate the TGP System and provide the 
System Services hereunder (including any Committed Build-Outs); provided, 
however, that in the event (i) any right of way, surface use and/or surface 
access agreement necessary to construct, own or operate any Committed 
Build-Out cannot be obtained by Provider on terms and conditions reasonably 
acceptable to Provider, and (ii) Customer cannot facilitate Providers 
receipt of any such necessary right of way, surface use and/or surface 
access agreement on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Provider, 
then
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Provider shall not be obligated to complete such Committed Build-Out. 
Provider agrees to provide Customer with quarterly updates as to the 
progress of any then-approved Committed Build-Outs. Additionally, should 
Provider reasonably believe that any Committed Build-Out will not be 
completed and placed in-service by the applicable Target Completion Date 
reflected in the applicable System Plan, Provider shall send written Notice 
to Customer of such delay promptly upon Providers determination that such 
delay will be reasonably likely to occur.

(c)    The Parties agree to work together in good faith to obtain the 
necessary permits and authorizations from the appropriate Governmental 
Authorities and the necessary consents, rights of way and other 
authorizations from other Persons necessary to construct, own and operate 
each Committed Build-Out as expeditiously as reasonably practicable. The 
Parties further agree to cooperate with each other and to communicate 
regularly regarding their efforts to obtain such permits, authorizations, 
consents and rights of way.

(d)    Upon the completion of any Committed Build-Out constituting a 
Planned Receipt Point or Planned Delivery Point, the Parties shall amend 
Exhibit H or Exhibit I, as applicable, to include such new Receipt Point or 
Delivery Point.


ARTICLE 6
MINIMUM VOLUME COMMITMENT; SHORTFALL CREDITS

Section 6.1    MVC. For each Quarter during the Term, Customer shall be 
obligated to Tender for delivery into the TGP System a minimum volume of 
Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs (each such minimum amount, a 
Minimum Volume Commitment or MVC). The MVC for the Quarters occurring in 
Year 2017 are set forth on Exhibit F attached hereto. Following Year 2016, 
the MVC with respect to any Quarter occurring in the then-subsequent three 
Year period shall be equal to 80% of the applicable Dedicated Production 
Estimate for such Quarter contained in the then-currently agreed 
Development Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing and regardless of the 
Dedicated Production Estimates with respect to any such Quarter included in 
any Updated Development Plan thereafter, the MVC for such Quarter contained 
in any prior Development Plan shall not be reduced by such Updated 
Development Plan (but the applicable MVC volumes may be increased). Should 
any Dedicated Production be released (either permanently or temporarily) 
from the dedication contained in this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.4 
(other than pursuant to Section 4.4(c)), the then-applicable MVC shall be 
proportionately reduced by the portion of the then-current Dedicated 
Production Estimate so released. Should any such temporary release from 
dedication expire, then, upon such expiration, the then-applicable MVC 
shall be proportionately increased by the portion of the applicable 
Dedicated Production Estimate that is no longer released from dedication 
hereunder.

(a)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to all 
periods prior to January 1, 2017, the definition of MVC contained in the 
Original Agreement and the MVC mechanisms contained in Section 6.1 of the 
Original Agreement shall, in each case, remain applicable hereunder.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Section 6.2    MVC Shortfall Credits. If Customer pays any Shortfall Fee 
with respect to any Quarter in the Secondary Term or thereafter, then, 
subject to the other provisions of this Section 6.2, for a period of four 
full Quarters from the end of the Quarter in which such Shortfall Fee was 
accrued, Customer shall be entitled to a credit with respect to the 
Processing Fees payable by Customer during any such Quarter in connection 
with volumes of Customer Gas Tendered by Customer or for Customers account 
into the Receipt Points during any such Quarter, but only to the extent 
such volumes are in excess of the applicable Dedicated Production Estimate 
for such Quarter (each such volume credit, stated in Mcfs, a MVC Shortfall 
Credit).

(a)    During any subsequent Quarter in which an earned MVC Shortfall 
Credit may be utilized by Customer, Customer may only utilize such MVC 
Shortfall Credit for volumes of Customer Gas delivered in excess of the 
applicable Dedicated Production Estimate for such Quarter as contained in 
the then-currently agreed Development Plan.

(b)    The use of a MVC Shortfall Credit shall result in Customer not being 
obligated to pay any Processing Fee attributable to volumes of Customer 
Gas, stated in Mcfs, delivered into the Receipt Points, but only up to the 
amount of such MVC Shortfall Credit and only with respect to volumes of 
Customer Gas in excess of the applicable Dedicated Production Estimate for 
such Quarter as contained in the then-currently agreed Development Plan.

(c)    Each MVC Shortfall Credit shall expire at the end of the fourth full 
Quarter following the date on which the applicable Shortfall Fee was 
accrued.

(d)    Provider shall be responsible for keeping records and balances of 
any applicable MVC Shortfall Credits that have been earned by Customer and 
providing such balances to Customer upon Customers request.

(e)    The Parties agree that, as of December 31, 2016, there shall be no 
outstanding MVC Shortfall Credits (as such term is defined in the 
Original Agreement), and any such amounts that (i) have accrued on or prior 
to December 31, 2016 pursuant to the Original Agreement, but (ii) have not 
(or cannot) be utilized by Customer hereunder with respect to Customer Gas 
and Customer Injected NGLs Tendered to the TGP System prior December 31, 
2016, shall be of no further force and effect and shall not be given any 
application hereunder. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary but 
subject to the first sentence of this Section 6.2(e), with respect to all 
periods prior to January 1, 2017, the definition of MVC Shortfall Credits 
contained in the Original Agreement and the MVC Shortfall Credit mechanisms 
contained in Section 6.2 and elsewhere of the Original Agreement shall, in 
each case, remain applicable hereunder.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
ARTICLE 7
FEES; CHARGES; DEDUCTIONS

Section 7.1    Fees. The Fees to be paid by Customer to Provider for the 
performance of the System Services are set forth in this Section 7.1.

(a)    Subject to the provisions of Section 6.2 (but only with respect to 
periods prior to January 1, 2017 and with respect to the Secondary Term 
thereafter), each Month, Customer shall pay to Provider a fee in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement for the Processing Services provided by 
Provider with respect to Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs received 
by Provider from Customer or for Customers account during such Month that 
is determined as follows: (i) the aggregate volume of Customer Gas and 
Customer Injected NGLs received by Provider from Customer or for Customers 
account at the Receipt Points during such Month, stated in Mcfs or MCFEs, 
as applicable, multiplied by (ii) the Processing Fee.

(b)    Each Month, Customer shall pay to Provider a fee in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement for the Gas Lift Services provided by Provider 
with respect to Customer Gas received by Provider from Customer or for 
Customers account during such Month that is determined as follows: (i) the 
aggregate volume of Customer Gas utilizing the Gas Lift Services, stated in 
Mcfs, multiplied by (ii) the Gas Lift Fee.

(c)    Each Month, Customer shall pay to Provider fees in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement for the Loading Services provided by Provider 
with respect to Customer NGLs during such Month that is determined as 
follows:

(i)    with respect to Customer NGLs utilizing the Loading Services at the 
Truck Delivery Points: (A) the aggregate volume of Customer NGLs utilizing 
the Loading Services at the Truck Delivery Points during such Month, stated 
in Barrels, multiplied by (B) the Truck Loading Fee; and

(ii)    with respect to Customer NGLs utilizing the Loading Services at the 
Rail Car Delivery Points: (A) the aggregate volume of Customer NGLs 
utilizing the Loading Services at the Rail Car Delivery Points during such 
Month, stated in Barrels, multiplied by (B) the Rail Loading Fee.

(d)    Each Month, Customer shall pay to Provider a fee in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement for the Transportation Services provided by 
Provider with respect to Customer Gas received by Provider from Customer or 
for Customers account during such Month that is determined as follows: (i) 
an amount equal to (A) the aggregate volume of Customer Gas delivered to 
the HNDP Fee Points during such Month, stated in Mcfs, less (B) the 
aggregate volume of Customer Gas utilizing the Gas Lift Services during 
such Month, stated in Mcfs, multiplied by (ii) the HNDP Fee.

(e)    For any Quarter, should Customer fail to Tender an aggregate volume 
of Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs to Provider at the Receipt 
Points equal to the MVC for such Quarter, then Customer shall pay to 
Provider the following fees in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
as a result of such shortfall (such fee, a Shortfall Fee): (i) (A) the 
then-applicable MVC, minus (B) the aggregate volumes, stated in Mcfs or 
MCFEs, as applicable, of Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs actually 
delivered into the TGP System at the Receipt Points by Customer or for 
Customers account during such Quarter, minus (C) the aggregate volumes, 
stated in Mcfs or MCFEs, as applicable, of Dedicated Production and
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Customer Injected NGLs Tendered for delivery by Customer or on Customers 
account into the TGP System at the Receipt Points during such Quarter but 
not received into the TGP System by Provider due to reasons of Force 
Majeure or curtailment, minus (D) the aggregate volumes, stated in Mcfs, of 
Dedicated Producer Gas not Tendered for delivery by Customer or on 
Customers account into the TGP System at the Receipt Points during such 
Quarter due to reasons of a Force Majeure event affecting Customer that 
Provider has accepted as a Force Majeure event hereunder, multiplied by 
(ii) the Processing Fee.

(f)    If any Updated Development Plan contains, for any Year, a Dedicated 
Production Estimate that is at least 15% greater than the Dedicated 
Production Estimate for such Year contained in the most recent previously 
agreed-upon Development Plan, then the then-current Return on Capital shall 
be permanently increased by two percent (2%) for each 15% increase 
represented by such Dedicated Production Estimate.

(g)    (x) at any time on or prior to January 15th of each Year, either 
Party may make an election to have the then-currently agreed Fees 
recalculated with respect to such Year (a Recalculation Election); 
provided, that, prior to the date such Recalculation Election is made, the 
Parties shall have agreed upon an Updated Development Plan for such Year or 
the Parties shall have been unable to agree upon an Updated Development 
Plan for such Year, and (y) Customer shall have the right, in accordance 
with Section 4.4(a)(i), to make a temporary Recalculation Election with 
respect to the remainder of the current Year. Upon a Recalculation Election 
being made pursuant to this Section 7.1(g), the Fees will be recalculated 
based upon such then-currently agreed Development Plan. Any such 
recalculation shall be based on the model attached hereto as Exhibit G-2, 
which takes into account:

(i)    the aggregate volumes of Dedicated Production and Customer Injected 
NGLs (including volumes of Dedicated Production, Customer Injected NGLs and 
other Customer Gas that Customer intends to dedicate pursuant to a new 
Dedicated Contract but for which Exhibit B-2 has not yet been amended 
pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(ii)) contained in a Dedicated Production 
Estimate that have actually been delivered by Customer into the Receipt 
Points, in each case, prior to such Year during the Term; provided, 
however, that such aggregate volumes shall not, for purposes of the 
recalculation (A) exceed the applicable Dedicated Production Estimates for 
such Years as contained in the applicable Development Plans or (B) be 
deemed to be lower than the applicable MVC for such Years as contained in 
the applicable Development Plans;

(ii)    any Committed Build-Out Costs actually incurred by Provider prior 
to such Year during the Term, regardless whether or not such amounts are 
less than, equal to or greater than the applicable Committed Build-Out 
Estimates for such Years;

(iii)    the Committed Build-Out Estimates contained in the then-current 
System Budget for the current and future Years;
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(iv)    the Maintenance Capital Estimates (A) for the previous Years of the 
Term as contained in the System Budgets applicable to such Years, and (B) 
contained in the then-current System Budget for the current and future 
Years;

(v)    the Operating Expense Estimates (A) for the previous Years of the 
Term as contained in the System Budgets applicable to such Years, and (B) 
contained in the then-current System Budget for the current and future 
Years;

(vi)    the Historical Capital Expenditures;

(vii)    the Dedicated Production Estimates;

(viii)    the then-current Return on Capital; and

(ix)    the percentage change, from the preceding Year, in the Consumer 
Price Index as published by the Department of Labor, in the subsection 
titled Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (such index, the 
CPI). For purposes of any Recalculation Election and notwithstanding 
anything in the foregoing to the contrary, (A) no increase or decrease to 
any Fee resulting solely from a CPI adjustment shall exceed 3.0% for any 
given Year, and (B) no Fee shall ever be decreased as a result of any 
applicable CPI percentage change below the original amount of such Fee set 
forth in Exhibit G-1 for Year 2014.

(h)    Except as set forth in Section 4.4(a)(i), any Fees recalculated 
under Section 7.1(g) shall apply as of January 1st of the Year to which the 
relevant Updated Development Plan leading to such Recalculation Election 
first applies, and shall remain in effect for the remainder of the Term 
until such Fees may subsequently be re-calculated pursuant to Section 
7.1(g).

(i)    Following any (i) Recalculation Election made pursuant to Section 
7.1(g), (ii) determination of any Fee pursuant to Section 7.1(j) (once such 
Section of this Agreement becomes applicable hereunder), or (iii) other 
agreement by the Parties upon any changes to any Fee hereunder, whether 
such changes are agreed pursuant to an agreed Updated Development Plan and 
related updated System Plan or otherwise, in each case, the Parties shall 
update Exhibit G-1 to reflect such updated Fee amount(s).

(j)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, 
effective as of the first Year of the Secondary Term:

(i)    each Fee hereunder shall be recalculated for each Year, effective as 
of January 1 of each Year, in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit 
G-4 attached hereto; and

(ii)    the provisions of Section 5.2(b)(iv), Section 7.1(f), Section 
7.1(g) and Section 7.1(h) shall no longer be applicable hereunder and such 
Sections shall be disregarded for all purposes of this Agreement.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(k)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to all 
periods prior to January 1, 2017, the definition of Fee and its 
constituent sub-definitions contained in the Original Agreement and the Fee 
mechanisms set forth in Section 7.1(a) through 7.1(j) of the Original 
Agreement shall, in each case, remain applicable hereunder with respect to 
the System Services provided prior to January 1, 2017.

Section 7.2    Charges. Each Month, Customer shall pay to Provider an 
amount equal to Customers allocated portion of the actual costs incurred 
by Provider for electricity required for the ownership, maintenance and 
operation of the TGP System, such allocation to be based upon the aggregate 
volumes of (a) Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs Tendered by Customer 
at the Receipt Points and received by Provider into the TGP System during 
such Month, and (b) Non-Party Gas and Non-Party Injected NGLs tendered by a 
Non-Party at the Receipt Points and received by Provider into the TGP 
System during such Month; provided, that costs for electricity required for 
compression will be allocated proportionately among only that Customer Gas 
and Non-Party Gas that require the use of such compression (such amount as 
allocated to Customer for a Month, the Charges).

Section 7.3    Flaring. In the event that (a) any volume of Customer Gas 
(including any Customer Residue Gas) is flared after being delivered into 
the TGP System, and (b) (i) such flaring was caused by the Operational 
Failure of the TGP System or by the gross negligence or willful misconduct 
of Provider, then Customer shall (A) nevertheless be entitled to count such 
flared volumes of Customer Gas as having been Tendered to the TGP System 
for purposes of meeting any applicable MVC, and (B) shall not be required 
to pay any applicable Fees with respect to such flared volumes of Customer 
Gas (with such volumes of Gas for which Customer is not obligated to pay 
Fees to be reflected in the applicable Invoice for such Month), or (ii) 
such flaring was caused by any other reason, then Customer shall not be 
entitled to any credit or other reduction in Fees as a result of such 
flaring. Notwithstanding the above, the Parties shall use their 
commercially reasonable efforts to minimize overall flaring in the TGP 
System.

Section 7.4    System GL&U. Customer acknowledges that certain volumetric 
losses and/or gains of Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs (and/or the 
resulting Customer Residue Gas and Customer NGLs) will occur even if the 
System Services are conducted in accordance with the provisions of Section 
3.2, and such gains and/or losses attributable to System GL&U shall be 
shared and allocated among all customers on the TGP System in the 
proportion that each such customer Tenders Gas and Injected NGLs to the 
Receipt Points on the TGP System. Customers allocated share of the System 
GL&U shall be based on actual gains and losses attributable to System GL&U 
and shall not be subject to any minimum or maximum limits.

Section 7.5    System Fuel. Reductions in volumes of Customer Gas 
(including any Customer Residue Gas) due to the usage of Customer Gas as 
measured System Fuel shall be shared and allocated among all customers on 
the TGP System in the proportion that each such customer Tenders Gas to the 
Receipt Points on the TGP System. Customers allocated share of the System 
Fuel shall be based on actual usage of System Fuel and shall not be subject 
to any minimum or maximum limits.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Section 7.6    NGLs and Residue Gas. All NGLs and Residue Gas recovered 
from the operation of the TGP System and the provision of the Processing 
Services that are allocated to Customer in accordance with Section 1.7 of 
the Operating Terms (including any System GL&U) shall be the property of 
Customer, and Provider shall have no claim of ownership with respect 
thereto.


ARTICLE 8
TENDER, NOMINATION AND PROCESSING OF PRODUCTION

Section 8.1    Priority of Service.

(a)    All Dedicated Production Tendered to the Receipt Points shall, up to 
an aggregate volume of **% of the then-current total capacity of the TGP 
System, be entitled to Anchor Customer Firm Service.

(b)    All Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs that are not Dedicated 
Production shall, only to the extent such volumes of Customer Gas and 
Customer Injected NGLs (together with all quantities of Dedicated 
Production Tendered to the TGP System) are both (i) needed by Customer to 
fulfill the then-applicable MVC, and (ii) less than or equal to **% of the 
then-current total capacity of the TGP System, be entitled to Anchor 
Customer Firm Service.

(c)    All Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs that are not Dedicated 
Production shall, to the extent such Customer Gas and Customer Injected 
NGLs (together with all other quantities of Customer Gas and Customer 
Injected NGLs Tendered to the TGP System, including any Dedicated 
Production) is in excess of the then-applicable MVC, but less than or equal 
to **% of the then-current total capacity of the TGP System, be entitled to 
Firm Service.

(d)    All Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs not described in 
subsections (a) through (c) above shall only be entitled to Interruptible 
Service.

Section 8.2    Governmental Action. In the event any Governmental Authority 
issues an order requiring Provider to allocate capacity on the TGP System 
to another customer, Provider shall do so by (a) first, reducing 
Hydrocarbons entitled to Interruptible Service, (b) second, reducing 
Hydrocarbons entitled to Firm Service, and shall only curtail Hydrocarbons 
entitled to Firm Service (which curtailment shall be done in accordance 
with Section 8.5) to the extent necessary to allocate such capacity as 
required by the Governmental Authority to such other customer, after 
complete curtailment of Interruptible Service, and (c) third, reducing 
Hydrocarbons entitled to Anchor Customer Firm Service, and shall only 
curtail Hydrocarbons entitled to Anchor Customer Firm Service (which 
curtailment shall be done in accordance with Section 8.5) to the extent 
necessary to allocate such capacity as required by the Governmental 
Authority to such other customer, after complete curtailment of 
Interruptible Service and Firm Service. In such event Provider shall not be 
in breach or default of its obligations under the Agreement and shall have 
no liability to Customer in connection with or resulting from any such 
curtailment; provided, however, that Provider shall, at Customers request, 
temporarily release from the dedication under this Agreement all of 
Customers volumes of Dedicated Production
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(including the resulting Customer Residue Gas and Customer NGLs) 
interrupted or curtailed as the result of such allocation, but only for the 
duration of such mandated allocation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should 
any Governmental Authority issue an order requiring Provider to allocate 
capacity on the TGP System to a customer other than Customer, Provider 
agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with, and 
support, Customer in such actions that Customer may in good faith take 
against such Governmental Authority and/or order; provided, however, that 
Provider shall not be required to cooperate in any such undertaking that 
Provider, in its good faith opinion, believes would materially and 
adversely affect Provider or the TGP System.

Section 8.3    Tender of Dedicated Production, Customer Injected NGLs and 
Additional Gas. Subject to Article 14 and all applicable Laws, each Day 
during the Term Customer shall Tender to the TGP System at each applicable 
Receipt Point all of the Dedicated Production and Customer Injected NGLs 
available to Customer at such Receipt Point up to the applicable capacity 
of such Receipt Point. Customer shall have the right to Tender to Provider 
for System Services under this Agreement Additional Gas; provided that, 
subject to Section 8.1, any such Additional Gas shall only be entitled to 
Interruptible Service unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties.

Section 8.4    Nominations, Scheduling and Curtailment. Nominations and 
scheduling of Hydrocarbons available for, and interruptions, Bypass and 
curtailment of, System Services under this Agreement shall be performed in 
accordance with the applicable Operating Terms set forth in Appendix I.

Section 8.5    Suspension/Shutdown of Service.

(a)    During any period when all or any portion of the TGP System is shut 
down because of necessary maintenance, repairs or modifications or Force 
Majeure or because such shutdown is necessary to avoid injury or harm to 
persons, property, the environment, or the integrity of the TGP System, 
receipts and/or deliveries of Customer Gas and/or Customer Injected NGLs 
(including the resulting Customer Residue Gas and Customer NGLs) may be 
curtailed as set forth in Section 1.5 of the Operating Terms. In such 
cases, Provider shall have no liability to Customer, except to the extent 
such shut down is caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of 
Provider (and then Provider shall have liability only to the extent of such 
gross negligence or willful misconduct).

(b)    Provider shall have the right to curtail or interrupt receipts and 
deliveries of Gas and/or Injected NGLs (including the resulting Residue Gas 
and NGLs) for brief periods to perform necessary maintenance of and repairs 
or modifications to (including modifications required to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement) the TGP System; provided, however, that 
Provider shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) coordinate 
its maintenance, repair, and modification operations on the TGP System with 
the operations of Customer and (ii) schedule maintenance, repair, and 
modification operations on the TGP System so as to avoid or minimize, to 
the greatest extent possible, service curtailments or interruptions on the 
TGP System. Provider shall provide Customer with (A) 60 Days prior Notice 
of any upcoming
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
normal and routine maintenance, repair, and modification projects that 
Provider has planned that would result in a curtailment or interruption of 
Customers deliveries of Customer Gas and/or Customer Injected NGLs 
(including the resulting Customer Residue Gas and Customer NGLs) on the TGP 
System and the estimated time period for such curtailment or interruption, 
whether or not such maintenance, repair or modifications activities are 
contained in the then-current System Budget, and (B) Notice of any 
amendment, modification or other change to the schedule of maintenance, 
repair or modifications activities contained in the then-current System 
Budget.

(c)    It is specifically understood by Customer that operations and 
activities on facilities upstream or downstream of the TGP System beyond 
Providers control may impact operations on the TGP System, and the Parties 
agree that Provider shall have no liability therefor unless any such impact 
was caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Provider (and 
then Provider shall have liability only to the extent of such gross 
negligence or willful misconduct). Customer is required to obtain, maintain 
or otherwise secure capacity on or into the Downstream Facilities 
applicable to each Delivery Point that is sufficient to accommodate the 
volumes of Customer Residue Gas and/or Customer NGLs that were Nominated by 
Customer to such Delivery Points. Notwithstanding the provisions of 
Section 8.6, should Customer fail to arrange such adequate downstream 
transportation, Provider may (i) cease receipts of Customer Gas and/or 
Customer Injected NGLs at the Receipt Points, or (ii) may continue receipts 
of Customer Gas and/or Customer Injected NGLs at the Receipt Points and 
then deliver and sell any Residue Gas or NGLs allocable to such Customer 
Gas and/or Customer Injected NGLs to any purchaser at its sole discretion, 
accounting to Customer for the net value received from the sale of such 
Hydrocarbons (after costs of transportation, taxes, and other costs of 
marketing).

(d)    If at any time Provider interrupts or curtails receipts and 
deliveries of Customer Gas and/or Customer Injected NGLs pursuant to this 
Section 8.5 (other than Section 8.5(c)) for a period of 30 consecutive 
Days, then, at Customers written request, the affected volumes of 
Dedicated Production shall be temporarily released from dedication to this 
Agreement for a period commencing as of the date of such request and ending 
as of the next first Day of a Month following the expiration date of 
Customers mitigating commercial arrangement for such Dedicated Production; 
provided that, in any event, such period shall end no more than 180 Days 
following Customers receipt of Notice from Provider that such receipts and 
deliveries are no longer interrupted or curtailed.

Section 8.6    Hydrocarbon Marketing and Transportation. As between the 
Parties, Customer shall be solely responsible for, and shall make all 
necessary arrangements at and downstream of the Delivery Points for, 
receipt, further transportation, processing, and marketing of Customer 
Residue Gas and Customer NGLs.

Section 8.7    Downstream Delivery Points. Provider shall use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain, and shall act as a reasonable 
and prudent operator in maintaining, all interconnect and operating 
agreements with Non-Parties reasonably necessary to facilitate the 
redelivery of Customer Residue Gas and Customer NGLs to Customer at the 
Delivery Points.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Section 8.8    Loading Point Vetting. Customer shall have the obligation to 
ensure that procedures are in place such that all trucks and rail cars 
receiving Customer NGLs at a Loading Point meet the Applicable Requirements 
and all Plant Rules. Provider shall advise Customer of such standards and 
any changes thereto.


ARTICLE 9
QUALITY AND PRESSURE SPECIFICATIONS

Section 9.1    Quality Specifications. All Gas and Injected NGLs delivered 
at the Receipt Points by Customer to Provider shall meet the applicable 
quality specifications set forth in Section 1.1 of the Operating Terms.

(a)    Provided that Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs delivered to 
the Receipt Points complies with the applicable quality specifications set 
forth in Section 1.1 of the Operating Terms, all Customer Residue Gas and 
Customer NGLs that are redelivered at the Delivery Points by Provider to 
Customer shall meet the quality specifications of the applicable Downstream 
Facilities at the relevant Delivery Points; provided, however, that in the 
event any such quality specifications of the applicable Downstream 
Facilities change from and after the date of this Agreement, Providers 
obligations under this Section 9.1(a) shall be subject to the provisions of 
Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms.

(b)    The Parties recognize and agree that Customer Gas and Customer 
Injected NGLs received into the TGP System may be commingled with other Gas 
and Injected NGL receipts and, subject to Providers obligation set forth 
in Section 9.1(a), (i) such Hydrocarbons shall be subject to such changes 
in quality, composition and other characteristics as may result from such 
commingling, and (ii) Provider shall have no other obligation to Customer 
associated with changes in quality of Hydrocarbons as the result of such 
commingling.

Section 9.2    Pressure. Customer shall Tender or cause to be Tendered 
Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs to each applicable Receipt Point at 
sufficient pressure to enter the TGP System against its contractual 
operating pressure, but not in excess of the maximum operating pressure for 
such Receipt Point. Provider shall redeliver Customer Residue Gas and 
Customer NGLs at each applicable Delivery Point at pressures not in excess 
of the maximum operating pressure for such Delivery Point.

(a)    Customer shall have the means to ensure that Customer Gas and 
Customer Injected NGLs are prevented from entering the TGP System at 
pressures in excess of the applicable maximum operating pressure, and 
Provider shall have the obligation and right to restrict the flow of Gas 
and Injected NGLs into the TGP System to protect the TGP System from over 
pressuring.

(b)    Providers obligation to redeliver Customer Residue Gas and Customer 
NGLs to a given Delivery Point shall, subject to Providers compliance with 
Section 8.7, be subject to the operational limitations of the Downstream 
Facility receiving such Customer Residue Gas or Customer NGLs, including 
the Downstream Facilitys capacity, measurement capability, operating 
pressures and any operational balancing agreements as may be applicable.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
ARTICLE 10
TERMINATION

Section 10.1    Termination.

(a)    This Agreement may be terminated in its entirety as follows:

(i)    by Provider upon written Notice to Customer, if Customer fails to 
pay pursuant to Section 12.2 any Invoice rendered pursuant to Section 12.1 
and such failure is not remedied within 30 Days of written Notice of such 
failure to Customer by Provider;

(ii)    by one Party upon written Notice to the other Party, if such second 
Party fails to perform or comply with any material warranty, covenant or 
obligation contained in this Agreement (other than (A) as provided above in 
Section 10.1(a)(i), (B) for reasons of Force Majeure in accordance with 
Article 14, or (C) with respect to any material warranty, covenant or 
obligation contained in this Agreement for which this Agreement expressly 
sets forth a specific remedy or consequence (other than termination) as a 
result of any breach of, or failure to comply with, such material warranty, 
covenant or obligation), and such failure has not been remedied within 60 
Days after receipt of written Notice from the non-defaulting Party of such 
failure;

(iii)    by Provider upon written Notice to Customer, if Customer or 
Customer Parent (A) makes an assignment or any general arrangement for the 
benefit of creditors, (B) files a petition or otherwise commences, 
authorizes, or acquiesces in the commencement of a proceeding or cause 
under any bankruptcy or similar Law for the protection of creditors or has 
such petition filed or proceeding commenced against either of them, or (C) 
otherwise becomes bankrupt or insolvent (however evidenced);

(iv)    by Provider upon written Notice to Customer pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 15.4(c); and

(v)    by Provider upon written Notice to Customer pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 18.2.

(b)    This Agreement may be terminated if the TGP System is Uneconomic 
during any six consecutive Months, by Provider upon written Notice to 
Customer delivered within 180 Days following the end of such sixth 
consecutive Month.

(i)    As used herein, Uneconomic means that (A) the total direct 
operating costs and expenses incurred by Provider in the operation of the 
TGP System (including general and administrative expenses, insurance costs 
and any out of pocket repair and/or maintenance costs and expenses) exceeds 
(B) the total net revenues received by Provider for the operation of the 
TGP System, all as determined in accordance with United States generally 
accepted accounting principles.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(ii)    Should Provider reasonably believe that the TGP System will be 
Uneconomic for more than three consecutive Months, Provider shall advise 
Customer of such belief and shall provide Customer with supporting 
documentation reasonably necessary to confirm such Uneconomic status.

(iii)    Promptly following Provider advising Customer of such potential 
Uneconomic status, the Parties shall meet to discuss Providers belief and 
related calculations and any measures that may be taken by the Parties to 
mitigate and/or reverse the Uneconomic status of the TGP System.

(iv)    Should (A) the Parties fail to reach agreement upon any such 
appropriate mitigation measures prior to the date upon which Provider would 
otherwise be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 
10.1(b), (B) the Parties reasonably believe that agreement upon such 
mitigation measures will nevertheless be possible, and (C) Customer makes 
Provider whole during any such Uneconomic periods occurring during such 
negotiation period such that, due to Customers payment efforts, the 
operation of the TGP System is not Uneconomic to Provider (whether through 
Customer paying of the operating costs of the TGP System or otherwise), 
then for so long as subparts (B) and (C) of this Section 10.1(b)(iv) 
remain true, Provider shall not be entitled to exercise its termination 
rights pursuant to this Section 10.1(b).

(v)    Upon the implementation of any such mitigating measures hereunder, 
should (A) the Uneconomic condition cease to exist for three consecutive 
Months, and (B) the reversion of any such mitigating measures not be 
reasonably likely to cause such Uneconomic condition to return, then any 
terms of this Agreement affected by such mitigating measures will revert 
back to the terms in effect prior to Providers declaration of Uneconomic 
status pursuant to this Section 10.1(b).

Section 10.2    Effect of Termination or Expiration of the Term.

(a)    Upon the end of the Term (whether pursuant to a termination pursuant 
to Section 10.1(a) or otherwise), this Agreement shall forthwith become 
void and the Parties shall have no liability or obligation under this 
Agreement, except that (i) the termination of this Agreement shall not 
relieve any Party from any expense, liability or other obligation or remedy 
therefor which has accrued or attached prior to the date of such 
termination, and (ii) the provisions of Section 16.2 through Section 16.5, 
and Article 19 (other than Section 19.3), and such portions of Appendix II 
as are necessary to give effect to the foregoing, shall, in each case, 
survive such termination and remain in full force and effect indefinitely.

(b)    Upon the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.1(b), 
this Agreement shall forthwith become void and the Parties shall have no 
liability or obligation under this Agreement, except that (i) the 
termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any Party from
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
any expense, liability or other obligation or remedy therefor which has 
accrued or attached prior to the date of such termination, and (ii) the 
provisions of Section 16.2 through Section 16.5 shall survive such 
termination and remain in full force and effect indefinitely.

Section 10.3    Damages for Early Termination. If a Party terminates this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 10.1(a)(i), Section 10.1(a)(ii), Section 
10.1(a)(iii), or Section 10.1(a)(v), then such terminating Party may pursue 
any and all remedies at law or in equity for its claims resulting from such 
termination, subject to Section 16.4.


ARTICLE 11
TITLE AND CUSTODY

Section 11.1    Title. A Nomination (or Tendering without a Nomination) of 
Gas or Injected NGLs by Customer shall be deemed a warranty of title to 
such Gas or Injected NGLs (including any Customer Residue Gas or Customer 
NGLs resulting therefrom) by Customer, or a warranty of the right of 
Customer to deliver such Gas or Injected NGLs (including any Customer 
Residue Gas or Customer NGLs resulting therefrom) for processing and 
fractionation under this Agreement. By Nominating Gas and/or Injected NGLs 
for delivery into the TGP System at the Receipt Point(s), Customer also 
agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Provider harmless from any and all 
Losses resulting from any claims by a Non-Party of title or rights to such 
Gas or Injected NGLs (including any Customer Residue Gas or Customer NGLs 
resulting therefrom), other than any claims arising out of Providers 
breach of its warranty made in the succeeding sentence of this Section 11.1
. By receiving Customer Gas and/or Customer Injected NGLs at the Receipt 
Points, Provider (a) warrants to Customer that Provider has the right to 
accept and redeliver such Gas or Injected NGLs (including any Customer 
Residue Gas or Customer NGLs resulting therefrom), less any System Fuel and 
Losses, free and clear of any title disputes, liens or encumbrances arising 
by, through or under Provider, but not otherwise, and (b) agrees to 
indemnify, defend and hold Customer harmless from any and all Losses 
resulting from title disputes, liens or encumbrances arising by, through or 
under Provider, but not otherwise. Title to Customers share of System Fuel 
and Losses shall be transferred to Provider at the Receipt Points. Title to 
any water, contaminants, inerts or other components of Customer Gas or 
Customer Injected NGLs that are removed pursuant to the System Services and 
not returned to Customer or for its account under this Agreement shall 
transfer to Provider at the Receipt Points.

Section 11.2    Custody. From and after the delivery of Customer Gas or 
Customer Injected NGLs to Provider at the Receipt Point(s), until 
Providers redelivery of Customer Residue Gas and/or Customer NGLs 
resulting from such Customer Gas to or for Customers account at the 
applicable Delivery Point(s), as between the Parties, Provider shall have 
custody and control of such Hydrocarbons. In all other circumstances, as 
between the Parties, Customer shall be deemed to have custody and control 
of such Hydrocarbons.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
ARTICLE 12
BILLING AND PAYMENT

Section 12.1    Invoices. On or before the 25th Day of each Month, Provider 
will render to Customer an invoice (each, an Invoice) for all Fees 
(including the calculations thereof) owed for System Services provided to 
Customer for the preceding Month, all Charges attributable to the preceding 
Month and any other amounts as may be due under this Agreement for the 
preceding Month, net of (a) any deductions to which Customer is entitled in 
respect of flaring in accordance with Section 7.3, and (b) any other 
credits or deductions to which Customer is entitled hereunder, including 
any MVC Shortfall Credit. Each Invoice shall also contain the volumes of 
all System Fuel and Losses allocated to Customer in accordance with this 
Agreement. Provider shall include with each Invoice such information in its 
possession as is reasonably sufficient to explain and support both the 
amounts due and any adjustments to amounts previously invoiced.

Section 12.2    Payments. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, payments 
of amounts included in any Invoice delivered pursuant to this Agreement 
shall be due and payable, in accordance with each Invoices instructions, 
on or before the later of (a) the last Day of each Month, and (b) the date 
that is ten Business Days after Customers receipt of the applicable 
Invoice. All payments by Customer under this Agreement shall be made by 
electronic funds transfer of immediately available funds to the account 
designated by Provider in the applicable Invoice. Any amounts not paid by 
the due date will be deemed delinquent and will accrue interest at the 
Interest Rate, such interest to be calculated from and including the due 
date but excluding the date the delinquent amount is paid in full. All 
Invoices shall be paid in full, but payment of any disputed amount shall 
not waive the payors right to dispute the Invoice in accordance with this 
Section 12.2. Customer may, in good faith (i) dispute the correctness of 
any Invoice or any adjustment to an Invoice rendered under this Agreement 
or (ii) request an adjustment of any Invoice for any arithmetic or 
computational error, in each case, within 24 Months following the date on 
which the applicable Invoice (or adjustment thereto) was received by 
Customer. Any dispute of an Invoice by Customer or Invoice adjustment 
requested by Customer shall be made in writing and shall state the basis 
for such dispute or adjustment. Upon resolution of the dispute, any 
required payment shall be made within ten Business Days of such resolution, 
along with interest accrued at the Interest Rate from and including the due 
date but excluding the date paid.

Section 12.3    Audit. Each Party has the right, at its sole expense and 
during normal working hours, to examine the records of the other Party to 
the extent reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of any statement, 
charge or computation made pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
The scope of such examination will be limited to the previous 24 Months 
calculated following the end of the Month in which such Notice of audit, 
statement, charge or computation was presented. No Party shall have the 
right to conduct more than one audit during any Year. If any such 
examination reveals any inaccuracy in any statement or charge, the 
necessary adjustments in such statement or charge and the payments 
necessitated thereby shall be made within ten Business Days of resolution 
of the inaccuracy. This Section 12.3 will survive
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
any termination of the Agreement for the later of (a) a period of 24 Months 
from the end of the Month in which the date of such termination occurred 
and (b) until a dispute initiated within such 24 Month period is finally 
resolved, in each case for the purpose of such statement and payment 
objections.


ARTICLE 13
REMEDIES

Section 13.1    Suspension of Performance; Release from Dedication.

(a)    If Customer fails to pay pursuant to Section 12.2 any Invoice 
rendered pursuant to Section 12.1 and such failure is not remedied within 
five Business Days of written Notice of such failure to Customer by 
Provider, Provider shall have the right to suspend performance under this 
Agreement until such amount, including interest at the Interest Rate, is 
paid in full.

(b)    In the event a Party fails to perform or comply with any material 
warranty, covenant or obligation contained in this Agreement (other than as 
provided in Section 13.1(a)), and such failure has not been remedied within 
30 Days after receipt of written Notice from the other Party of such 
failure, then the non-defaulting Party shall have the right to suspend its 
performance under this Agreement. If Customer elects to suspend performance 
as the result of Providers uncured material default, then the Dedicated 
Production affected by such default shall be deemed to be temporarily 
released from the terms of this Agreement during the period of such 
suspension of performance.

Section 13.2    No Election. In the event of a default by a Party under 
this Agreement, the other Party shall be entitled in its sole discretion to 
pursue one or more of the remedies set forth in this Agreement, or such 
other remedy as may be available to it under this Agreement, at Law or in 
equity, subject, however, to the limitations set forth in Article 16. No 
election of remedies shall be required or implied as the result of a 
Partys decision to avail itself of any remedy under this Agreement.


ARTICLE 14
FORCE MAJEURE

Section 14.1    Events of Force Majeure. An event of Force Majeure means, 
an event that (a) is not within the reasonable control of the Party 
claiming suspension (the Claiming Party), (b) that prevents the Claiming 
Partys performance or fulfillment of any obligation of the Claiming Party 
under this Agreement (other than the payment of money), and (c) that by the 
exercise of due diligence the Claiming Party is unable to avoid or overcome 
in a reasonable manner. An event of Force Majeure includes, but is not 
restricted to: (i) acts of God; (ii) wars (declared or undeclared); (iii) 
insurrections, hostilities, riots, industrial disturbances, blockades or 
civil disturbances; (iv) epidemics, landslides, lightning, earthquakes, 
washouts, floods, fires, storms or storm warnings; (v) acts of a public 
enemy, acts of terror, or sabotage; (vi) explosions, breakage or accidents 
to machinery or lines of pipe; (vii) hydrate obstruction or blockages of 
any kind of lines of pipe; (viii) freezing of wells or delivery facilities, 
partial or entire failure of
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
wells, and other events beyond the reasonable control of Customer that 
affect the timing of production or production levels; (ix) mining 
accidents, subsidence, cave-ins and fires; and (x) action or restraint by 
any Governmental Authority (so long as the Claiming Party has not applied 
for or assisted in the application for, and has opposed where and to the 
extent reasonable, such action or restraint). Notwithstanding anything 
herein to the contrary, an event of Force Majeure specifically excludes the 
following occurrences or events: (A) the loss, interruption, or curtailment 
of interruptible transportation on any Downstream Facility necessary to 
take delivery of Customer Residue Gas or Customer NGLs at any Delivery 
Point, unless and only to the extent the same event also curtails firm 
transportation at the same Delivery Point; (B) increases or decreases in 
Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGL supply (other than any such increase 
or decrease caused by the actions described in subpart (x) above), 
allocation or reallocation of Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGL 
production by the applicable well operators; (C) loss of markets; (D) loss 
of supply of equipment or materials; (E) failure of specific, individual 
wells or appurtenant facilities in the absence of an event of Force Majeure 
broadly affecting other wells in the same geographic area; and (F) price 
changes due to market conditions with respect to the purchase or sale of 
Hydrocarbons or the economics associated with the delivery, connection, 
receipt, gathering, compression, dehydration, treatment, processing, 
fractionation, transportation or redelivery of such Hydrocarbons.

Section 14.2    Actions. If either Provider or Customer is rendered unable 
by an event of Force Majeure to carry out, in whole or part, its 
obligations under this Agreement and such Claiming Party gives Notice and 
reasonably full details of the event to the other Party as soon as 
practicable after the occurrence of the event, then, during the pendency of 
such Force Majeure, but only during that period, the obligations of the 
Claiming Party shall be canceled or suspended, as applicable, to the extent 
required; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in the foregoing 
to the contrary, neither Party shall be relieved from any indemnification 
obligation or any obligation to make any payments hereunder as the result 
of Force Majeure, regardless which Party is affected. The Claiming Party 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remedy the Force Majeure 
condition with all reasonable dispatch, shall give Notice to the other 
Party of the termination of the Force Majeure, and shall resume performance 
of any suspended obligation promptly after termination of such Force 
Majeure. If the Claiming Party is Customer and such Force Majeure is an 
event affecting a Delivery Point (but not all Delivery Points), such 
commercially reasonable efforts shall require, to the extent of capacity 
available to Customer at the applicable Downstream Facilities, Customer to 
Nominate Customer Residue Gas or Customer NGLs for redelivery at those 
Delivery Points not affected by such Force Majeure. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if and to the extent Provider is delayed in completing any Committed 
Build-Outs by a Force Majeure event, then the Target Completion Date 
applicable thereto shall be extended for a period of time equal to that 
during which such obligations of Provider were delayed by such events.

Section 14.3    Strikes, Etc. The settlement of strikes or lockouts shall 
be entirely within the discretion of the Claiming Party, and any obligation 
hereunder to remedy a Force Majeure event shall not require the settlement 
of strikes or lockouts by acceding to the demands of the opposing Person(s) 
when such course is inadvisable in the sole discretion of the Claiming 
Party.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
ARTICLE 15
REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS

Section 15.1    Party Representations.

(a)    Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party as follows: 
(i) there are no suits, proceedings, judgments, or orders by or before any 
Governmental Authority that materially adversely affect (A) its ability to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement or (B) the rights of the other 
Parties hereunder, (ii) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good 
standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, and it has 
the legal right, power and authority and is qualified to conduct its 
business, and to execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its 
obligations hereunder, (iii) the making and performance by it of this 
Agreement is within its powers, and have been duly authorized by all 
necessary action on its part, (iv) this Agreement constitutes a legal, 
valid, and binding act and obligation of it, enforceable against it in 
accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization and other Laws affecting creditors rights generally, and 
with regard to equitable remedies, to the discretion of the court before 
which proceedings to obtain same may be pending, and (v) there are no 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership or other arrangement 
proceedings pending or being contemplated by it.

(b)    Customer represents and warrants to Provider that, during the Term, 
Customer has the sole and exclusive right to purchase all Gas owned or 
Controlled by Producer and produced from those oil and gas properties 
located in the Dedicated Area that are operated by Producer, or that are 
not operated by Producer, but from which Producer has elected to take its 
applicable production in-kind (such right, collectively, the Exclusive 
Producer Purchase Right).

Section 15.2    Joint Representations. Customer and Provider jointly 
acknowledge and agree that (a) the movement of Customer Gas and Customer 
Injected NGLs (including any Customer Residue Gas or Customer NGLs 
resulting therefrom) on the TGP System under this Agreement constitutes 
(and is intended to constitute for purposes of all applicable Laws) a 
movement of Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs (including any Customer 
Residue Gas or Customer NGLs resulting therefrom), in each case, that is 
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
pursuant to the Natural Gas Act or Section 311 of the Natural Gas Policy 
Act, (b) the Fees have been freely negotiated and agreed upon as a result 
of good faith negotiations and are not discriminatory or preferential, but 
are just, fair, and reasonable in light of the Parties respective 
covenants and undertakings herein during the term of this Agreement, and 
(c) neither Customer nor Provider had an unfair advantage over the other 
during the negotiation of this Agreement.

Section 15.3    Applicable Laws. This Agreement is subject to all valid 
present and future Laws, regulations, rules and orders of Governmental 
Authorities now or hereafter having jurisdiction over the Parties, this 
Agreement, or the System Services performed under this Agreement or the TGP 
System and other facilities utilized under this Agreement.
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Section 15.4    Government Authority Modification. It is the intent of the 
Parties that the rates and terms and conditions established by any 
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction shall not alter the rates or 
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. If any Governmental 
Authority having jurisdiction modifies the rates or terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement, then (in addition to any other remedy 
available to the Parties at Law or in equity):

(a)    the Parties hereby agree to negotiate in good faith to enter into 
such amendments to this Agreement and/or a separate arrangement in order to 
give effect, to the greatest extent possible, to the rates and other terms 
and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

(b)    the Parties agree to vigorously defend and support in good faith the 
enforceability of the rates and terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

(c)    in the event that the Parties are not successful in accomplishing 
the objectives set forth in (a) and (b) above such that, following the 
failure to accomplish such objectives, Provider is not in substantially the 
same economic position as it was prior to any such regulation, then 
Provider may terminate this Agreement upon the delivery of written Notice 
of termination to Customer.

Section 15.5    Taxes. Customer shall pay or cause to be paid, and agrees 
to indemnify and hold harmless Provider and its Affiliates from and against 
the payment of, all excise, gross production, severance, sales, occupation, 
and all other taxes, charges, or impositions of every kind and character 
required by statute or by any Governmental Authority with respect to 
Customer Gas and the handling thereof prior to receipt thereof by Provider 
at the Receipt Points. Subject to Section 15.4, Provider shall pay or cause 
to be paid all taxes and assessments, if any, imposed upon Provider for the 
activity of processing, treating and/or fractionating, as applicable, 
Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs (including any Customer Residue Gas 
or Customer NGLs resulting therefrom) after receipt at the Receipt Points 
and prior to redelivery thereof by Provider at the Delivery Points. 
Provider shall refund to Customer any tax paid on Customers behalf (a) 
that is successfully disputed, and (b) for which Provider has actually 
received a refund.

Section 15.6    Exclusive Producer Purchase Right. Customer covenants and 
agrees that, during the Term, it shall not, without the prior written 
consent of Provider (such consent to be given or withheld in Providers 
sole discretion), materially alter, modify or amend the Exclusive Producer 
Purchase Right, including any contract or other arrangement forming a part 
of such right (and shall not commit or agree to do so), in any manner that 
would adversely affect the volumes of Gas (a) to which Customer is entitled 
pursuant to the Exclusive Producer Purchase Right, or (b) delivered to 
Provider by Customer hereunder.


ARTICLE 16
INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

Section 16.1    Custody and Control Indemnity. EXCEPT FOR LOSSES COVERED BY 
THE INDEMNITIES IN SECTION 11.1, THE PARTY HAVING CUSTODY AND CONTROL OF 
HYDROCARBONS UNDER THE TERMS OF SECTION 11.2 SHALL BE
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
RESPONSIBLE FOR AND SHALL RELEASE, DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE 
OTHER PARTY AND SUCH OTHER PARTYS GROUP FROM AND AGAINST EACH OF THE 
FOLLOWING: (A) ANY LOSSES ASSOCIATED WITH ANY PHYSICAL LOSS OF SUCH 
HYDROCARBONS (OTHER THAN SYSTEM FUEL AND LOSSES), INCLUDING THE VALUE OF 
SUCH LOST HYDROCARBONS, AND (B) ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE RELEASE OF 
ANY SUCH HYDROCARBONS; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NO INDEMNIFIED PERSON OR A 
MEMBER OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSONS GROUP SHALL BE ENTITLED TO 
INDEMNIFICATION PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 16.1 WITH RESPECT TO ITS OWN 
NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT.

Section 16.2    Customer Indemnification. SUBJECT TO SECTION 16.1, CUSTOMER 
AGREES TO AND SHALL RELEASE, DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS PROVIDER, 
AND PROVIDERS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARENT, AFFILIATES 
AND SUBSIDIARIES, (ALL OF THE FOREGOING, THE Provider Group) FROM AND 
AGAINST ALL LOSSES WHICH IN ANY WAY RESULT FROM ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: (A) 
THE OWNERSHIP, DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, MAINTENANCE OR OPERATION OF CUSTOMERS 
FACILITIES AND/OR ANY TRUCKS OR TRAINS UTILIZED BY CUSTOMER FOR DELIVERING 
CUSTOMER HYDROCARBONS TO A RECEIPT POINT OR DELIVERING CUSTOMER 
HYDROCARBONS FROM A DELIVERY POINT; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NO MEMBER OF 
THE PROVIDER GROUP SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION PURSUANT TO THIS 
SECTION 16.2 WITH RESPECT TO THE NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF ANY 
MEMBER OF THE PROVIDER GROUP, (B) ANY CUSTOMER GAS OR CUSTOMER INJECTED 
NGLS DELIVERED INTO THE TGP SYSTEM THAT DO NOT MEET THE QUALITY 
SPECIFICATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 1.1(A) OF THE OPERATING TERMS (AS 
REVISED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 1.1(B) OF THE OPERATING TERMS), AND (C) 
THE PAYMENT OR CALCULATION OF ANY PROCEEDS, ROYALTIES OR OTHER BURDENS ON 
PRODUCTION DUE BY ANY PRODUCER TO APPLICABLE LESSORS, LANDOWNERS, ROYALTY 
HOLDERS OR OTHER INTEREST HOLDERS (INCLUDING CO-OWNERS OF WORKING 
INTERESTS), AS APPLICABLE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY GAS OR INJECTED NGLS 
DELIVERED INTO THE TGP SYSTEM BY OR ON BEHALF OF CUSTOMER.

Section 16.3    Provider Indemnification. SUBJECT TO SECTION 16.1 AND 
SECTION 16.5, PROVIDER AGREES TO AND SHALL RELEASE, DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND 
HOLD HARMLESS CUSTOMER, AND CUSTOMERS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
AGENTS, PARENT, AFFILIATES AND SUBSIDIARIES, (ALL OF THE FOREGOING, THE 
Customer Group) FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES WHICH IN ANY WAY RESULT FROM 
THE OWNERSHIP, DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, MAINTENANCE OR OPERATION OF THE TGP 
SYSTEM; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NO MEMBER OF THE CUSTOMER GROUP SHALL BE 
ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 16.3 WITH RESPECT TO 
(A) THE NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
MISCONDUCT OF ANY MEMBER OF THE CUSTOMER GROUP, OR (B) ANY CUSTOMER GAS 
DELIVERED INTO THE TGP SYSTEM THAT DOES NOT MEET THE QUALITY SPECIFICATIONS 
SET FORTH IN SECTION 1.1(A) OF THE OPERATING TERMS (AS REVISED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 1.1(B) OF THE OPERATING TERMS).

Section 16.4    Actual Direct Damages. A PARTYS (OR A MEMBER OF SUCH 
PARTYS GROUPS) DAMAGES RESULTING FROM A BREACH OR VIOLATION OF ANY 
REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, COVENANT, AGREEMENT OR CONDITION CONTAINED IN 
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ACT OR OMISSION ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS 
AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ACTUAL DIRECT DAMAGES AND SHALL NOT INCLUDE 
ANY OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, 
PRODUCTION, OR REVENUES, AND EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY RELEASES THE OTHER PARTY 
AND THE MEMBERS OF SUCH OTHER PARTYS GROUP FROM ALL SUCH CLAIMS FOR LOSS 
OR DAMAGE OTHER THAN ACTUAL DIRECT DAMAGES; PROVIDED, THAT LIMITATION TO 
DIRECT DAMAGES ONLY SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY DAMAGE, CLAIM OR LOSS ASSERTED 
BY OR AWARDED TO THIRD PARTIES AGAINST A PARTY AND FOR WHICH THE OTHER 
PARTY WOULD OTHERWISE BE RESPONSIBLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 16.5    Penalties. EXCEPT FOR INSTANCES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR 
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT BY PROVIDER, CUSTOMER SHALL RELEASE, INDEMNIFY, DEFEND 
AND HOLD PROVIDER AND THE PROVIDER GROUP HARMLESS FROM ANY LOSSES, 
INCLUDING ANY SCHEDULING PENALTIES OR MONTHLY BALANCING PROVISIONS, IMPOSED 
BY A DOWNSTREAM FACILITY IN ANY TRANSPORTATION CONTRACTS OR SERVICE 
AGREEMENTS ASSOCIATED WITH, OR RELATED TO, CUSTOMER GAS OR CUSTOMER 
INJECTED NGLS (INCLUDING ANY CUSTOMER RESIDUE GAS OR CUSTOMER NGLS 
RESULTING THEREFROM), INCLUDING ANY PENALTIES IMPOSED PURSUANT TO A 
DOWNSTREAM FACILITYS TARIFF (IF APPLICABLE), OR WHICH MAY BE CAUSED BY 
OFOS, PDAS, OTHER PIPELINE ALLOCATION METHODS, UNSCHEDULED PRODUCTION, OR 
BY UNAUTHORIZED PRODUCTION.

Section 16.6    Insurance. The Parties shall carry and maintain no less 
than the insurance coverage set forth in Exhibit J.


ARTICLE 17
ASSIGNMENT

Section 17.1    Assignment of Rights and Obligations under this Agreement.

(a)    Customer shall be entitled to assign its rights and obligations 
under this Agreement (in whole or in part) to another Person; provided that 
(i) such transferee has also been
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
assigned the Exclusive Producer Purchase Right (including any contract or 
other arrangement forming a part of such right), (ii) the transferee 
specifically assumes all of Customers rights and obligations hereunder, 
and (iii) the transferee has, in Providers good faith and reasonable 
judgment, the financial and operational capability to perform and fulfill 
Customers obligations hereunder. Provider shall be entitled to assign its 
rights and obligations under this Agreement (in whole or in part) to 
another Person; provided that (A) such Person has acquired all or a portion 
of the TGP System and (B) the portion of the rights and obligations of 
Provider under this Agreement to be transferred to such Person correspond 
to the interest in the TGP System so transferred to such Person.

(b)    This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
respective permitted successors and assigns of the Parties. Any attempted 
assignment made without compliance with the provisions set forth in this 
Section 17.1 shall be null and void ab initio.

(c)    Any release of any of Dedicated Production from dedication under 
this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.4 shall not constitute an assignment 
or transfer of such Dedicated Production for the purposes of this Article 
17.

Section 17.2    Pre-Approved Assignment. Each Party shall have the right, 
without the prior consent of the other Party, to (a) mortgage, pledge, 
encumber or otherwise impress a lien or security interest upon its rights 
and interest in and to this Agreement and (b) make a transfer pursuant to 
any security interest arrangement described in (a) above, including any 
judicial or non-judicial foreclosure and any assignment from the holder of 
such security interest to another Person.


ARTICLE 18
CUSTOMER GUARANTEE; ADEQUATE ASSURANCES

Section 18.1    Customer Guarantee. Concurrently with the execution of the 
Original Agreement, Customer delivered to Provider a guarantee from Hess 
Corporation, the indirect owner of 100% of the issued and outstanding 
shares of Customer (Customer Parent), which guarantee provides a 
guarantee of all of Customers obligations under this Agreement.

Section 18.2    Adequate Assurances. If (a) Customer fails to pay any 
Invoice according to the provisions hereof and such failure continues for a 
period of five Business Days after written Notice of such failure is 
provided to Customer or (b) Provider has reasonable grounds for insecurity 
regarding the performance by Customer of any obligation under this 
Agreement, then Provider, by delivery of written Notice to Customer, may, 
singularly or in combination with any other rights it may have, demand 
Adequate Assurance by Customer. As used herein, Adequate Assurance means, 
at the option of Customer, (i) the advance payment in cash by Customer to 
Provider for System Services to be provided under this Agreement in the 
following Month or (ii) delivery to Provider by Customer of an Adequate 
Letter of Credit in an amount equal to not less than the aggregate amounts 
owed from Customer to Provider hereunder for the prior two Month period. If 
(A) Customer fails to provide Adequate Assurance to Provider within 48 
hours of Providers request therefor pursuant to this Section 18.2 or (B) 
Customer or Customer Parent
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
suffers any of the actions described in Section 10.1(a)(iii), then, in 
either case, Provider shall have the right to, at its sole option, 
terminate this Agreement upon written Notice to Customer or suspend or 
reduce all services under this Agreement without prior Notice to Customer, 
in each case, without limiting any other rights or remedies available to 
Provider under this Agreement or otherwise. If Provider exercises the right 
to terminate this Agreement or suspend or reduce any System Services under 
this Section 18.2, then Customer shall not be entitled to take, or cause to 
be taken, any action hereunder or otherwise against Provider for such 
termination, suspension or reduction. Failure of Provider to exercise its 
right to terminate this Agreement or suspend or reduce any System Service 
as provided in this Section 18.2 shall not constitute a waiver by Provider 
of any rights or remedies Provider may have under this Agreement, 
applicable Law, or otherwise.


ARTICLE 19
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 19.1    Relationship of the Parties. The rights, duties, 
obligations and liabilities of the Parties under this Agreement shall be 
individual, not joint or collective. It is not the intention of the Parties 
to create, and this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to create, a 
partnership, joint venture or association or a trust. This Agreement shall 
not be deemed or construed to authorize any Party to act as an agent, 
servant or employee for any other Party for any purpose whatsoever except 
as explicitly set forth in this Agreement. In their relations with each 
other under this Agreement, the Parties shall not be considered 
fiduciaries.

Section 19.2    Notices; Voice Recording. All notices and communications 
required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be considered 
a Notice and be sufficient in all applicable respects if (a) given in 
writing and delivered personally, (b) sent by bonded overnight courier, (c) 
mailed by U.S. Express Mail or by certified or registered United States 
Mail with all postage fully prepaid, (d) transmitted by facsimile (provided 
that any such fax is confirmed by written confirmation), or (e) by 
electronic mail with a PDF of the notice or other communication attached 
(provided that any such electronic mail is confirmed by written 
confirmation), in each case, addressed to the appropriate Person at the 
address for such Person shown in Exhibit K. Any Notice given in accordance 
herewith shall be deemed to have been given when (i) delivered to the 
addressee in person or by courier, (ii) transmitted by electronic 
communications during normal business hours, or if transmitted after normal 
business hours, on the next Business Day (in each case, provided that any 
such electronic communication is confirmed in writing), or (iii) upon 
actual receipt by the addressee after such notice has either been delivered 
to an overnight courier or deposited in the United States Mail if received 
during normal business hours, or if not received during normal business 
hours, then on the next Business Day, as the case may be. Any Person may 
change their contact information for notice by giving Notice to the other 
Parties in the manner provided in this Section 19.2. Either Party may, from 
time-to-time, agree and request that certain Notices or statements, such as 
operational, scheduling, Nominations, or Invoices, be sent by alternative 
means, such as e-mail, facsimile or otherwise. The Parties hereby agree 
that, to the extent permitted by Law, each Party may electronically record 
telephone conversations between the Parties in connection with oral 
notices,
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
nominations, scheduling, or other operational communications between the 
Parties for purposes of confirming and documenting such communications, 
with or without the use of a prior warning tone or Notice.

Section 19.3    Expenses. Except as otherwise specifically provided, all 
fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Parties in negotiating this 
Agreement shall be paid by the Party incurring the same, including legal 
and accounting fees, costs and expenses.

Section 19.4    Waivers; Rights Cumulative. Any of the terms, covenants, or 
conditions hereof may be waived only by a written instrument executed by or 
on behalf of the Party waiving compliance. No course of dealing on the part 
of any Party, or their respective officers, employees, agents, or 
representatives, and no failure by a Party to exercise any of its rights 
under this Agreement, shall, in either case, operate as a waiver thereof or 
affect in any way the right of such Party at a later time to enforce the 
performance of such provision. No waiver by any Party of any condition, or 
any breach of any term or covenant contained in this Agreement, in any one 
or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or 
continuing waiver of any such condition or breach or a waiver of any other 
condition or of any breach of any other term or covenant. The rights of the 
Parties under this Agreement shall be cumulative, and the exercise or 
partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude the exercise of any 
other right.

Section 19.5    Confidentiality. For the Term of this Agreement and for one 
year after the termination of this Agreement, the Parties shall keep 
confidential the terms of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, 
the Fees paid hereunder, the volumes delivered (and redelivered) hereunder, 
all other material terms of this Agreement and any non-public information 
and materials delivered pursuant to this Agreement (collectively, 
Confidential Information), except as follows:

(a)    to the extent disclosures of Confidential Information may be 
reasonably required to effectuate the performance of this Agreement by 
either Party or the construction, operation or maintenance of the TGP 
System;

(b)    to meet the requirements of any applicable Law or of a Governmental 
Authority with jurisdiction over the matter for which information is 
sought, and in that event, the disclosing Party shall provide prompt 
written Notice to the other Party, if legally permitted to do so, of the 
requirement to disclose the Confidential Information and shall take or 
assist the other Party in taking all reasonable legal steps available to 
suppress the disclosure or extent of disclosure of the information;

(c)    in a sales process involving all or a portion of the TGP System; 
provided that the Parties take all reasonable steps to ensure that the 
confidentiality of Confidential Information is maintained as a result of 
such sales process; and

(d)    to those employees, consultants, agents, advisors and equity holders 
of each Party who need to know such Confidential Information for purposes 
of, or in connection with, the performance of such Partys obligations 
under this Agreement; provided that the Party disclosing
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
the Confidential Information to those Persons shall be liable to the other 
Party for any damages suffered due to a failure by any of such Persons to 
maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information on the basis 
set forth in this Agreement.

Section 19.6    Entire Agreement; Conflicts. THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES THE 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES PERTAINING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND 
SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR AGREEMENTS, UNDERSTANDINGS, NEGOTIATIONS, AND 
DISCUSSIONS, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OF THE PARTIES OR THEIR PREDECESSORS 
PERTAINING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR THE TGP SYSTEM. THERE ARE NO 
WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, OR OTHER AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES RELATING 
TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS 
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE EXHIBITS AND APPENDICES HERETO, AND NO PARTY SHALL 
BE BOUND BY OR LIABLE FOR ANY ALLEGED REPRESENTATION, PROMISE, INDUCEMENT 
OR STATEMENT OF INTENTION NOT SO SET FORTH.

Section 19.7    Amendment. This Agreement may be amended only by an 
instrument in writing executed by the Parties and expressly identified as 
an amendment or modification.

Section 19.8    Governing Law; Disputes. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LEGAL 
RELATIONS AMONG THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULE OR 
PRINCIPLE THAT MIGHT REFER CONSTRUCTION OF SUCH PROVISIONS TO THE LAWS OF 
ANOTHER JURISDICTION. ALL OF THE PARTIES CONSENT TO THE EXERCISE OF 
JURISDICTION IN PERSONAM BY THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL DISTRICT COURTS 
LOCATED IN HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS FOR ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF THIS 
AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. ALL ACTIONS OR 
PROCEEDINGS WITH RESPECT TO, ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN CONNECTION 
WITH, OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE EXCLUSIVELY LITIGATED IN THE UNITED STATES 
FEDERAL DISTRICT COURTS HAVING SITES IN HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS (AND ALL 
APPELLATE COURTS HAVING JURISDICTION THEREOVER). EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF 
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 19.9    Parties in Interest. Nothing in this Agreement shall 
entitle any Non-Party to any claim, cause of action, remedy or right of any 
kind.

Section 19.10    Preparation of Agreement. Both Parties and their 
respective counsel participated in the preparation of this Agreement. In 
the event of any ambiguity in this Agreement, no presumption shall arise 
based on the identity of the draftsman of this Agreement.
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Section 19.11    Severability. If any term or other provision of this 
Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any rule 
of Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this 
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the 
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not 
affected in any adverse manner to any Party. Upon such determination that 
any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being 
enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this 
Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as 
possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions 
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 19.12    Operating Terms; Service Interface Rules. The Operating 
Terms and Service Interface Rules are incorporated into this Agreement for 
all purposes.

Section 19.13    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number 
of counterparts, and each such counterpart hereof shall be deemed to be an 
original instrument, but all of such counterparts shall constitute for all 
purposes one agreement. Any signature hereto delivered by a Party by 
electronic mail shall be deemed an original signature hereto.

[signature page follows]
 
39

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement, in each case, 
to be effective as of the Effective Time.
 
CUSTOMER: 	  	 	  	PROVIDER:
HESS TRADING CORPORATION 	  	 	  	HESS TIOGA GAS PLANT LLC
By: 	  	
/s/  Steven A. Villas
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/  John A. Gatling
Name: 	  	Steven A. Villas 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	John A. Gatling
Title: 	  	President 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	Vice President, Bakken Midstream

Signature Page to
Amended and Restated Gas Processing and Fractionation Agreement
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
APPENDIX I
OPERATING TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.1    Quality Specifications.

(a)    Quality Specifications:

(i)    Customer Gas. All Customer Gas Tendered at the Receipt Points shall 
conform to the following specifications:

(A)    Carbon Dioxide:    All Customer Gas delivered hereunder shall not 
contain more than ** percent **%) by volume of carbon dioxide.

(B)    Hydrogen Sulfide:

(1)    If the Plant is being operated in Sulfur Recovery Mode, then any 
Customer Gas delivered hereunder during such time shall not contain more 
than a total of ** percent (**%) by volume of hydrogen sulfide.

(2)    If the Customer Gas delivered hereunder ever contains less than a 
total of ** percent (**%) by volume of hydrogen sulfide, then Provider may, 
pursuant to Section 3.4(d), cause the Plant to cease operating in Sulfur 
Recovery Mode.

(3)    If the Plant is not being operated in Sulfur Recovery Mode, then all 
Customer Gas delivered hereunder shall not contain more than a total of ** 
parts per million (** ppm) by volume of hydrogen sulfide.

(4)    Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing and for the avoidance of 
doubt, Customer Gas containing hydrogen sulfide shall only be accepted if 
the applicable Downstream Facility is capable of treating for such 
contaminant.

(C)    Sum of Hydrogen Sulfide plus Carbon Dioxide: The sum of the (A) 
hydrogen sulfide content, plus (B) carbon dioxide content of any Customer 
Gas delivered hereunder shall not exceed ** percent (**%) by volume.

(D)    Nitrogen: All Customer Gas delivered hereunder shall not contain 
more than three and one-tenth of one percent (3.1%) of nitrogen by volume.

(E)    Oxygen: No Customer Gas delivered hereunder shall contain any 
oxygen.

(F)    Other Constituents: All Customer Gas delivered hereunder shall be 
commercially free from well treating chemicals, liquid water, dirt, dust, 
crude oil, gums, iron particles, arsenic, mercury, selenium, radon, 
antimony and other impurities or noncombustible gases, in each case, which, 
individually or in the aggregate, would adversely affect the utilization of 
such Customer Gas.
 
Appendix I - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(G)    Gross Heating Value after Processing: The Residue Gas produced from 
the Customer Gas delivered hereunder shall have a calculated Gross Heating 
Value of not less than 967 Btus per cubic foot at Standard Base Conditions.

(H)    Hydrocarbon Dew Point: All Customer Gas delivered hereunder to the 
high pressure Receipt Point(s) identified in Exhibit H shall have a 
hydrocarbon dew point equal or less than thirty degrees (30°) Fahrenheit at 
the then-current operating pressure of such Receipt Point.

(ii)    Customer Injected NGLs. All Customer Injected NGLs Tendered at the 
Receipt Points shall conform to the following specifications:

(A)    Carbon Dioxide:    All Customer Injected NGLs delivered hereunder 
shall contain a content of carbon dioxide such that, when the delivered 
Injected NGLs, including dissolved or entrained carbon dioxide, is 
commingled with all delivered Gas at the Receipt Points, the aggregate 
total content of carbon dioxide contained in the delivered Gas plus 
delivered Injected NGLs shall not be more than ** percent (**%) by volume.

(B)    Hydrogen Sulfide:

(1)    If the Plant is being operated in Sulfur Recovery Mode, then any 
Customer Injected NGLs delivered hereunder during such time shall not 
contain a content of hydrogen sulfide such that, when the delivered 
Injected NGLs, including dissolved or entrained hydrogen sulfide, is 
commingled with all delivered Gas at the Receipt Points, the aggregate 
total content of hydrogen sulfide contained in the delivered Gas plus 
delivered Injected NGLs shall not be (x) more than a total of ** percent by 
volume (**%) of hydrogen sulfide or (y) less than a total of ** percent by 
volume (**%) by volume of hydrogen sulfide.

(2)    If the Customer Injected NGLs delivered hereunder ever contain less 
than a total of ** percent (**%) by volume of hydrogen sulfide, then 
Provider may, pursuant to Section 3.4(d), cause the Plant to cease 
operating in Sulfur Recovery Mode.

(3)    If the Plant is not being operated in Sulfur Recovery Mode, then all 
Customer Injected NGLs delivered hereunder shall not contain more than a 
total of ** parts per million (** ppm) by volume of hydrogen sulfide.

(4)    Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing and for the avoidance of 
doubt, Customer Injected NGLs containing hydrogen sulfide shall only be 
accepted if the applicable Downstream Facility is capable of treating for 
such contaminant.

(C)    Sum of Hydrogen Sulfide plus Carbon Dioxide: The Injected NGLs 
delivered hereunder shall not contain an aggregate total content of carbon 
dioxide plus hydrogen sulfide such that, when the delivered Injected NGLs, 
including dissolved or
 
Appendix I - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
entrained carbon dioxide and dissolved or entrained hydrogen sulfide, is 
commingled with all delivered Gas at the Receipt Points, the sum of the (A) 
aggregate hydrogen sulfide content of all such delivered Injected NGLs and 
delivered Gas, plus (B) aggregate carbon dioxide content of all such 
delivered Injected NGLs and delivered Gas shall not exceed ** percent (**%) 
by volume.

(D)    Nitrogen: All Customer Injected NGLs delivered hereunder shall not 
contain a content of nitrogen such that, when the delivered Injected NGLs, 
including dissolved or entrained nitrogen, is commingled with all delivered 
Gas at the Receipt Points, the aggregate total content of nitrogen 
contained in the delivered Gas plus delivered Injected is more than three 
and one-tenth of one percent (3.1%) of nitrogen by volume.

(E)    Oxygen: No Customer Injected NGLs delivered hereunder shall contain 
any oxygen.

(F)    Other Constituents: All Customer Injected NGLs delivered hereunder 
shall be commercially free from well treating chemicals, liquid water, 
dirt, dust, crude oil, gums, iron particles, arsenic, mercury, selenium, 
radon, antimony and other impurities, in each case, which, individually or 
in the aggregate, would adversely affect the utilization of such Customer 
Injected NGLs.

(b)    Downstream Facilities. Notwithstanding the quality specifications 
above, if a Downstream Facility notifies either Party of different or 
additional quality specifications required at any Delivery Point that are 
more stringent than the specifications shown above, such Party will 
promptly notify the other Party of any such different or additional 
specifications as soon as practicable after being notified of such 
specifications.

(i)    Following the Parties receipt of a notice from a Downstream 
Facility as described in Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms above, the 
Parties shall promptly meet to discuss such different or additional quality 
specifications and agree upon the Parties collective response to such 
Downstream Facility. Each Party agrees to use its commercially reasonable 
efforts to meet and agree upon such response within any applicable time 
limitation imposed by such Downstream Facility, any binding contractual 
commitment of either Party, or any Governmental Authority (including any 
applicable Law), as applicable.

(ii)    In the event that Provider would be required to install any 
processing or treatment facilities in order to meet any such different or 
additional Downstream Facility quality specifications, the Parties shall 
meet to determine (A) what additional facilities would be needed, (B) 
whether or not the Parties agree that such additional facilities should be 
installed, and (C) what amendments to the then-current System Plan and 
System Budget would be needed to incorporate the installation of such 
additional facilities.

(iii)    In the event that the Parties do not mutually agree (A) that such 
additional facilities should either be installed or not installed, or (B) 
on the amendments to the
 
Appendix I - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
then-current System Plan that would be needed to incorporate the 
installation of such additional facilities, then, in each case, the 
provisions of Section 5.3(e) shall be applied by the Parties with respect 
to such dispute.

(iv)    In the event that the Parties mutually agree (or it is determined 
pursuant to Section 5.3(e)) (A) that such additional facilities should be 
installed, and (B) upon the amendments to the then-current System Plan that 
would be needed to incorporate the installation of such additional 
facilities, then Provider shall be provided such period of time as would be 
reasonably needed to install and place into service such additional 
facilities.

(v)    Following the date upon which any such additional facilities are 
installed and placed into service, such different or additional Downstream 
Facility quality specifications will be considered as the quality 
specifications with respect to the applicable Delivery Points under this 
Agreement for as long as required by such Downstream Facility.

(c)    Nonconforming Gas or Injected NGLs. Should, at any time during the 
Term, either Party become aware that any Gas or Injected NGLs Tendered by 
Customer into the TGP System does not meet any of the applicable quality 
specifications in Section 1.1(a) of the Operating Terms (as revised in 
accordance with Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms), such Party shall 
immediately notify the other Party of such failure and nonconforming 
Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGLs, as applicable, and, if known, the 
extent of the deviation from such specifications. Upon any such 
notification, Customer shall determine the expected duration of such 
failure and notify Provider of the efforts Customer is undertaking to 
remedy such deficiency.

(d)    Failure to Meet Specifications. If any Customer Gas or Customer 
Injected NGLs, as applicable, delivered into the TGP System fails to meet 
any of the quality specifications in Section 1.1(a) of the Operating Terms 
(as revised in accordance with Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms) when 
Tendered at the Receipt Points, Provider shall have the right to cease 
accepting such Gas or Injected NGLs, as applicable, into the TGP System or 
reject such Gas or Injected NGLs, as applicable, from entering the TGP 
System, as applicable.

(e)    Acceptance of Nonconforming Gas or Injected NGLs. Without limiting 
the rights and obligations of Provider pursuant to clause (d) immediately 
above, Provider may elect to accept receipt at any Receipt Point of 
Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGLs, as applicable, that fails to meet 
any of the applicable quality specifications stated above. Such acceptance 
by Provider shall not be deemed a waiver of Providers right to refuse to 
accept non-specification Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGLs, as 
applicable, at a subsequent time.

(f)    Liability for Nonconforming Gas or Injected NGLs. With respect to 
any Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGLs (including any Customer Residue 
Gas or Customer NGLs resulting therefrom) that fail to meet the applicable 
quality specifications under Section 1.1(a) of the Operating Terms (as 
revised in accordance with Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms) when 
Tendered at the applicable Receipt Point, Customer shall be responsible
 
Appendix I - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
for (i) any fees charged by any Downstream Facility, (ii) any costs 
incurred by Provider and agreed to by Customer in order to avoid such fees 
for such Hydrocarbons, and (iii) any costs, expenses or damages incurred by 
Provider (including with respect to any damages incurred to the TGP 
System). Additionally, Customer shall always be responsible for fees 
charged by a Downstream Facility due to non-specification Customer Gas or 
Customer Injected NGLs (including any Customer Residue Gas or Customer NGLs 
resulting therefrom) and will indemnify the Provider Group from claims by a 
Downstream Facility arising from non-specification Customer Gas or Customer 
Injected NGLs (including any Customer Residue Gas or Customer NGLs 
resulting therefrom).

(g)    Liability for Nonconforming Commingled Gas or Injected NGLs. With 
respect to any Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGLs (including any 
Customer Residue Gas or Customer NGLs resulting therefrom) that (i) fail to 
meet the applicable quality specifications of any Downstream Facility under 
Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms, but (ii) met the applicable quality 
specifications set forth in Section 1.1(a) of the Operating Terms (as 
revised in accordance with Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms) when 
Tendered at the applicable Receipt Point, Customer shall not be responsible 
for (A) any fees charged by any Downstream Facility as a result thereof, or 
(B) any other costs, expenses or damages incurred by Provider (including 
with respect to any damages incurred to the TGP System) with respect to 
such commingled Gas or Injected NGLs, as applicable.

1.2    Nomination Procedures. Nominations or Nominate means a request 
submitted by Customer to Provider for the prospective processing and/or 
treatment of specific volumes of Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs on 
a Receipt Point-by-Receipt Point basis and the redelivery of Customer 
Residue Gas and Customer NGLs produced therefrom on a Delivery 
Point-by-Delivery Point basis. The Nomination procedures are as follows:

(a)    Receipt Point Nominations of Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs
. The Parties shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the date 
hereof, use their commercially reasonable efforts to agree upon a 
nomination procedure with respect to receipts of Customer Gas and Customer 
Injected NGLs at the Receipt Points.

(b)    Delivery Point Nominations of Customer Residue Gas. Customer shall 
submit a Nomination for all Customer Residue Gas to be Tendered to each 
applicable Delivery Point (i) on a Daily basis and (ii) no later than 9:00 
a.m. CCT on the date the first Mcf of the Customer Residue Gas contained in 
such Nomination is to be redelivered to the applicable Delivery Point.

(i)    In the event that Customer (A) submits any Nomination after the 
deadline specified in clause (b) above, or (B) desires to change any 
Nomination then in effect that was timely made, in each case, Provider 
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to accept such late 
Nomination or change to an existing Nomination, as applicable.
 
Appendix I - Page 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(ii)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (A) the Nominations 
made by Customer shall, with respect to each Delivery Point subject to such 
Nomination, be made at Daily rates that are reasonably even and constant, 
and (B) Customer may not make any Nomination in excess of the applicable 
capacity constraints for any Delivery Point.

(c)    Delivery Point Nominations of Customer NGLs. Customer shall submit a 
Nomination for all Customer NGLs to be Tendered to each applicable Delivery 
Point (i) on a Monthly basis and (ii) no later than three Business Days 
prior to the end of the immediately preceding Month. Should Customer wish 
to amend any such Nomination, Customer shall provide any such amended 
Nomination no later than 9:00 a.m. CCT on the date that is three Business 
Days prior to the date the applicable Barrels of Customer NGLs are to be 
redelivered to the applicable Delivery Point.

(i)    In the event that Customer (A) submits any Nomination after the 
deadline specified in clause (c) above, or (B) desires to change any 
Nomination then in effect that was timely made, in each case, Provider 
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to accept such late 
Nomination or change to an existing Nomination, as applicable.

(ii)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (A) the Nominations 
made by Customer shall, with respect to each Delivery Point subject to such 
Nomination, be made at Daily rates that are reasonably even and constant, 
and (B) Customer may not make any Nomination in excess of the applicable 
capacity constraints for any Delivery Point.

(d)    Coordination with Receiving Transporters. The Parties recognize that 
Provider must coordinate its actions with those of the Downstream 
Facilities. Accordingly, upon 30 Days written Notice to Customer, Provider 
may modify provisions of this Agreement to implement standards promulgated 
by NAESB and adopted by any Downstream Facility as it relates to the TGP 
System or to otherwise coordinate the provisions of this Agreement with the 
operating conditions, rules, or tariffs of the Downstream Facilities, and 
Customer agrees to execute such amendment(s) to this Agreement proposed by 
Provider in good faith that reflect such modifications.

(e)    Scheduling and Dispatch. Attached hereto as Appendix III are the 
Service Interface Rules that govern the scheduling and dispatch of Trucks 
and Trains at the Plant. In addition to the provisions of this Section 1.2 
of the Operating Terms, the scheduling of Loading Services at the Loading 
Points shall be governed by such attached Service Interface Rules.

(f)    Customer Compliance. Customer covenants and agrees that it shall, in 
relation to each requested receipt or delivery of Customer Gas, Customer 
Residue Gas or Customer NGLs (i) act in accordance and in a manner 
consistent with the applicable Nomination, and (ii) observe and comply with 
(A) the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including these Operating 
Terms and the Service Interface Rules, (B) Applicable Requirements, and (C) 
the Plant Rules.
 
Appendix I - Page 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
1.3    Measurement.

(a)    Provider, or its designee, shall maintain and operate the measuring 
stations, meters, and other equipment that are necessary to accurately 
measure the volume, Thermal Content, NGL component content, and quality of 
Gas, Residue Gas and NGLs received, processed, and delivered under this 
Agreement.

(b)    Provider or its designee shall install, maintain, and operate, or 
cause to be installed, maintained, and operated, suitable meters and/or 
other necessary equipment of ample size and proper type for accurate 
measurement of the following:

(i)    The volume, Thermal Content, and NGL component content, of Customer 
Gas and Customer Injected NGLs delivered at the Receipt Points;

(ii)    The volume and Thermal Content of System Fuel;

(iii)    The volume and Thermal Content of Customer Residue Gas;

(iv)    The volume and Thermal Content of each NGL component recovered and 
removed from Customer Gas and/or Customer Injected NGLs and redelivered to 
the Delivery Points as Customer NGLs; and

(v)    Any other volume or quantity of product necessary for the proper 
performance of Providers obligations under this Agreement.

(c)    Customer or its designated representative may, in the presence of 
Provider or Providers designated representative, have access to Providers 
measuring and analyzing equipment at reasonable times, and will have the 
right to witness tests, calibrations and adjustments thereof. Upon request 
of either Party for a special test of any meter or auxiliary equipment, 
Provider will promptly verify the accuracy of same; provided, that the cost 
of such special test will be borne by the requesting Party, unless the 
percentage of inaccuracy found is more than one and one percent (1.0%) of a 
recording corresponding to the average hourly rate of Gas flow, in which 
case the cost of the special test shall be borne by Provider.

(d)    If the measurement equipment is found to be measuring inaccurately 
and the amount of Gas, Residue Gas or NGLs delivered cannot be ascertained 
or computed from the reading, then the Gas, Residue Gas or NGLs, as 
applicable, delivered will be estimated and agreed upon by the Parties 
based on the best data available, using the first available of the 
following:

(i)    The registration of any check meter or meters if installed and 
accurately registering;

(ii)    The correction of the errors, if the percentage of error is 
ascertainable by meter calibration, test, or mathematical calculation; and
 
Appendix I - Page 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(iii)    The estimation based on comparison of the quantity of deliveries 
with deliveries during preceding periods under similar conditions when the 
meter was registering accurately.

(e)    Upon the written request of Customer, Provider shall send any 
applicable measurement charts or electronic data, as available, to Customer 
for Customers review. Any such materials delivered to Customer shall be 
returned to Provider within 90 Days of such delivery and such materials 
shall, at all times, be subject to the confidentiality provisions set forth 
in Section 19.5.

1.4    Measurement Standards. The measurements of the volume and quality of 
all Gas, Residue Gas and NGLs, as applicable, delivered at the Receipt 
Points and Delivery Points (other than the Interstate Delivery Points) will 
be conducted in accordance with the following provisions. The measurements 
of the volume and quality of all Gas, Residue Gas and NGLs, as applicable, 
delivered at the Interstate Delivery Points will be conducted in accordance 
with the regulations and procedures of the applicable Downstream Facilities 
at such Interstate Delivery Points.

(a)    The unit of volume for measurement will be one Standard Cubic Foot. 
Measured volumes, converted to Mcf, will be multiplied by their Gross 
Heating Value per Standard Cubic Foot and divided by one thousand (1,000) 
to determine the MMBtu content.

(b)    Gas shall be measured in accordance with the Manual of Petroleum 
Measurement Standards Chapter 14.3, Part 3 August 1992, Reaffirmed February 
2009, as amended from time to time, in a manner generally accepted by the 
gas producing industry.

(c)    All Gas Tendered hereunder at a Receipt Point and Gas or Residue Gas 
redelivered hereunder at a Delivery Point shall be measured by a suitable 
measurement device to be furnished and installed (or caused to be furnished 
and installed) by Provider, and subsequently kept in repair (or caused to 
be kept in repair) by Provider, and located, other than with respect to 
Receipt Points related to the assets described under the heading Plant 
Inlet Gas and NGL Pipelines from Silurian and Ramberg Truck Facility on 
Exhibit A-2, at or near such Receipt Point or Delivery Point, as 
applicable. Such measurement devices shall be installed, and the meter run 
fabricated and installed, in accordance with the American Petroleum 
Institute Manual of Petroleum Measurement Standards (the MPMS) Chapter 
14.3, Part 2 April 2000 Reaffirmed May 2011 utilizing EGM (electronic gas 
measurement) shall be installed pursuant to MPMS Chapter 21.1.

(d)    The specific gravity of Gas will be determined by spot samples or 
continuous sampling analyzed by gas chromatograph following recommended 
industry practice.

(e)    If a continuous sampling method is used, the gravity to the nearest 
one-thousandth (0.001) will be determined once a Month from a Gas analysis. 
The result will be applied during the Month for the determination of Gas 
volumes delivered.
 
Appendix I - Page 8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(f)    If a spot sample is used, the gravity to the nearest one-thousandth 
(0.001) will be determined at least once each quarter and will be applied 
until the next spot sample is taken for the determination of Gas volumes 
delivered.

(g)    Adjustments to measured Gas volumes for the effects of super 
compressibility will be made in accordance with accepted American Gas 
Association standards. Provider or its designee will obtain appropriate 
carbon dioxide and nitrogen mole fraction values for the Gas delivered as 
may be required to compute adjustments in accordance with standard testing 
procedures. At Providers or its designees option, equations for the 
calculation of super compressibility may be taken from either the API 
Chapter 14.2 or American Gas Association Report No. 8, Compressibility and 
Super Compressibility for Natural Gas and Other Hydrocarbon Gases, latest 
revision.

(h)    For purposes of measurement and meter calibration, the average 
atmospheric pressure for each Receipt Point and Delivery Point is assumed 
to be 13.5 pounds per square inch absolute. If the pressure transmitter 
being used is capable of measuring actual atmospheric pressure, then actual 
atmospheric pressure may be used.

(i)    The Gross Heating Value of Gas delivered at Receipt Points and 
Delivery Points will be determined at least once each quarter using either 
a continuous sampler, spot sampler or gas chromatograph; provided, however, 
that when Daily deliveries of Gas at any Receipt Point or Delivery Point 
average five thousand (5,000) Mcf per Day or greater during any Month, the 
Gross Heating Value of the Gas delivered at that Receipt Point or Delivery 
Point will be taken at least Monthly at a suitable point on the facilities 
to be representative of the Gas being metered.

(j)    The physical constants used in Btu computation for a perfect Gas 
will be derived from the Table of Physical Constants of Paraffin 
Hydrocarbons and Other Compounds as published in the GPA Standard 2145-03 
and superseding revisions thereof. The analysis will be complete and 
individual values in mole percent or fraction of each Hydrocarbon compound 
will be listed through C6. The C6+ values will be as stated in GPA standard 
2261, 7.3.6 Table IV (as may be revised from time to time) or, at 
Providers option, by use of an extended analysis. The analysis will 
further include the mole fraction or percent individually of additional 
compounds contained in chromatographically measurable quantities contained 
in the sample. The method to be used for chromatographic analysis will be 
that contained in GPA standard 2261, Analysis for Natural Gas and Similar 
Gaseous Mixtures by Gas Chromatography, latest revision.

(k)    Other tests to determine water content, sulfur, and other impurities 
in the Gas will be conducted in accordance with standard industry testing 
procedures when requested by either Party. The Party requested to perform 
those tests shall bear the cost of those tests only if the Gas tested is 
determined not to be within the quality specifications set forth in this 
Agreement. If the Gas is within such quality specifications, the requesting 
Party will bear the cost of the tests.
 
Appendix I - Page 9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(l)    If, during the Term, a new method or technique is developed with 
respect to Gas measurement or the determination of the factors used in Gas 
measurement, then, in Providers commercially reasonable discretion, the 
new method or technique may be substituted for the applicable method set 
forth in this Section 1.4 of the Operating Terms, provided that the new 
method or technique is in accordance with accepted standards of the 
American Gas Association, and applied uniformly to all customers processing 
Gas on the TGP System.

1.5    Curtailment and/or Bypass of Hydrocarbons. If (a) capacity on the 
TGP System is interrupted, curtailed or reduced, or (b) capacity is 
insufficient for the needs of all customers desiring to use such capacity, 
the holders of Interruptible Service will be curtailed or subject to 
Bypass, as applicable, first, the holders of Firm Service shall be 
curtailed or subject to Bypass, as applicable, second, and the holders of 
Anchor Customer Firm Service shall be curtailed or subject to Bypass, as 
applicable, last. As among the holders of each of Firm Service and Anchor 
Customer Firm Service, the capacity available on the TGP System to each 
such class of service under the preceding sentence shall be allocated among 
the holders of the applicable class of service on a pro rata basis, based 
on the percentage derived by dividing the Daily average volume of Gas or 
Injected NGLs, as applicable, actually Tendered by each holder of the 
applicable class of service to Receipt Points on the TGP System during the 
prior 90 Day period by the total volume of such Gas or Injected NGLs, as 
applicable, actually Tendered by all holders of the applicable class of 
service during such period to Receipt Points on the TGP System. As among 
holders of Interruptible Service, the capacity available to such service, 
if any, shall be allocated pro rata among the holders of such service based 
on the percentage derived by dividing the Daily average volume of Gas or 
Injected NGLs, as applicable, actually Tendered by each holder of 
Interruptible Service to Receipt Points on the TGP System during the prior 
60 Day period by the total volume of such Gas or Injected NGLs, as 
applicable, actually Tendered by all holders of Interruptible Service to 
Receipt Points on the TGP System during such period. During periods of 
curtailment on the TGP System, the Parties shall meet to review alternative 
options for Customer to optimize its overall volume throughput and related 
revenues in light of the specific constraints causing such curtailment on 
the TGP System.

1.6    Allocations of System Fuel, System GL&U and Shrinkage. Allocations 
required for determining payments or Fees due under this Agreement shall be 
made by Provider. This Section 1.6 of the Operating Terms shall be based 
upon the measurements taken and quantities determined for the applicable 
Month.

(a)    The following definition shall be applicable: Fuel Point means a 
point on the TGP System where System Fuel is measured, sampled, calculated 
or consumed.

(b)    System Fuel shall be allocated to each Receipt Point upstream of the 
applicable Fuel Point by multiplying (i) the System Fuel, stated in Mcfs, 
measured at the applicable Fuel Point during the applicable Month by (ii) a 
fraction, (A) the numerator of which is the volume of Gas, stated in Mcfs, 
received into the TGP System at such Receipt Point during such Month, and 
(B) the denominator of which is the aggregate volume of Gas, stated in 
Mcfs, received into the TGP System at all Receipt Points upstream of the 
applicable Fuel Point during such Month.
 
Appendix I - Page 10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(c)    The System GL&U in any Month shall be determined by subtracting (i) 
the sum of (A) the Thermal Content of all volumes of Customer Residue Gas 
and Customer NGLs actually delivered to the Delivery Points on the TGP 
System during such Month, and (B) the Thermal Content of all volumes of Gas 
consumed as System Fuel measured at all Fuel Points on the TGP System 
during such Month, from (ii) the Thermal Content of all volumes of all Gas 
and Injected NGLs received into the TGP System at all Receipt Points.

(d)    Total Shrinkage on the TGP System shall be calculated using industry 
standard Btu shrinkage factors for each component of NGLs recovered from 
the total Gas and Injected NGL stream delivered into the Receipt Points. 
Customers share of Shrinkage shall be allocated based on the ratio used to 
allocate Customers share of NGLs.

1.7    Allocations of Residue Gas and NGLs. Provider shall determine the 
volume of Customer Residue Gas and Customer NGLs by proportionally 
allocating to Customer its ratable share of all Residue Gas and NGLs 
recovered in the TGP System based on the proportion that the Customer Gas 
and Customer Injected NGLs delivered to the Receipt Points contributes to 
the total volume of Gas and Injected NGLs delivered to the Receipt Points 
by all customers, as more fully described below.

(a)    Provider will, at least Monthly, measure (whether at the Receipt 
Point or by combining all individual measurements) the total actual NGL 
gallon content of the total inlet stream of Gas and Injected NGLs at all 
Receipt Points (per Mcf or MCFE, as applicable) of ethane, propane, butane, 
and C5+ by chromatographic analysis or gas sampling.

(b)    Customer will be allocated its share of recovered NGLs (on a 
component basis) as Customer NGLs based on the ratio that its delivered 
gallons of each component into the Receipt Points bears to the total 
gallons of such component delivered into the Receipt Points.

(c)    Customer will be allocated its share of recovered Residue Gas equal 
to the (i) MMBtus of Customer Gas and Customer Injected NGLs delivered at 
the Receipt Points, less (ii) the sum of (A) Customers allocated share of 
Shrinkage, plus (B) Customers allocated share of System Fuel, plus or 
minus (C) Customers allocated share of System GL&U.

1.8    Imbalances.

(a)    The intent of the Parties to this Agreement is that Gas and Injected 
NGLs be received and Residue Gas and NGLs be redelivered hereunder at the 
same rate and Provider and Customer will use commercially reasonable 
efforts to keep Gas balanced on a Daily basis. Provider and Customer agree 
to communicate promptly in the event an imbalance situation starts to 
develop so that corrective measures may be taken to minimize an imbalance. 
The Parties acknowledge and agree that an exact Daily balancing of receipts 
and deliveries may not be
 
Appendix I - Page 11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
possible due to the inability of the Parties to control precisely such 
receipts and deliveries. However, Provider, to the fullest extent 
practicable, will deliver each Day a volume of Residue Gas with a Thermal 
Content equal to the Gas volume received for that Day. Any imbalance at the 
end of a Month will be corrected, if possible, volumetrically, the 
following Month.

(b)    If the Downstream Facility at any Residue Gas Delivery Point being 
utilized by Customer requires that imbalances between Provider and such 
Downstream Facility be eliminated by a cash settlement at the end of each 
Month in lieu of by the delivery or reduction in deliveries of Residue Gas 
at such Residue Gas Delivery Point, Provider may eliminate any imbalance of 
Customer by cash settlement. If an imbalance is eliminated by cash 
settlement, the imbalance settlement amount charged to Customer by Provider 
will be Customers share of the cash settlement amount charged by the 
Downstream Facility in accordance with such Downstream Facilitys FERC 
tariff. If the imbalance was caused by Customers failure to submit timely 
and proper Nominations in accordance with the requirements of the 
Downstream Facility at such Delivery Point or Customers failure to deliver 
to Provider quantities of Customer Gas in accordance with such Nominations, 
then Provider may charge Customer for Customers share of the cash 
settlement amount actually charged by such Non-Party Downstream Facility. 
If the imbalance was caused by Providers failure to deliver to such 
Delivery Point a volume of Residue Gas with a Thermal Content equivalent to 
the Thermal Content of the Gas volume received for that Day, then, to such 
extent, Provider will bear and pay any imbalance charges, penalties, 
cash-out payments or other amounts due and owing to the Downstream Facility 
as a result of the imbalance caused by Provider. Upon request, Provider 
will provide Customer with a copy of each Downstream Facility cash 
settlement statement and invoice, as well as documentation supporting 
Providers allocation of imbalances to Customer and the calculation of 
Customers share of each cash settlement invoice.

1.9    Mcf Equivalents. For purposes of this Agreement, an NGL Mcf 
Equivalent or MCFE will be calculated as follows:

**

For purposes of the formula included above, the following abbreviations 
have the meanings set forth below.

(a) A = MCFE of NGLs.

(b) Q = Barrels of NGLs.

(c) i = Components of NGLs (including C1, C2, C3, C4, C5+, H2S, CO2, N2
).

(d) yi = Volume percentage of NGL component i, divided by 100.

(e) vi = Volume factor of component i (as taken from Table A below), 
measured in gallon/ft3.
 
Appendix I - Page 12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Table A1
Injected Liquids Components
  	Volume Factor
(ft3 ideal gas/gal liquid)
 Methane
   	C1 	  	59.138
 Ethane
   	C2 	  	37.488
 Propane
   	C3, 	  	36.391
 i-butane
   	iC4, 	  	30.637
 n-butane
   	nC4, 	  	31.801
 i-pentane
   	iC5 	  	27.414
 n-pentane
   	nC5 	  	27.658
 Pentanes-plus
   	C5+, 	  	22.947(*)
 hydrogen sulfide
   	H2S 	  	74.16
 carbon dioxide
   	CO2 	  	58.746
 nitrogen
   	N2 	  	91.128
 (*) estimated as (iC5 + nC5)/2 x 1/1.2
 
1  	Table A information taken from Gas Processors Association Publication 
Standard 2145-09, Table of Physical Constants for Hydrocarbons and Other 
Compounds of Interest to the Natural Gas Industry, 2009.
 
Appendix I - Page 13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
APPENDIX II
DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement, capitalized words and terms shall have the 
meaning ascribed to such terms as set forth below.

Additional Gas means any Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGLs that are 
not Dedicated Production.

Adequate Assurance has the meaning given such term in Section 18.2.

Adequate Letter of Credit means one or more direct-pay, irrevocable, 
standby letters of credit from a major U.S. commercial bank or a foreign 
bank with a U.S. branch office in either case having a credit rating of at 
least A- (or its equivalent successor rating) from Standard & Poors 
Corporation or A3 (or its equivalent successor rating) from Moodys 
Investor Services, Inc.

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that 
directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, or is 
Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Person.

Agreement has the meaning given such term in the preamble hereof.

Anchor Customer Firm Service means that type of System Service that (a) 
has the highest priority call on capacity of the TGP System, (b) shall only 
be subject to interruption or curtailment by reason of an event of Force 
Majeure, necessary TGP System maintenance, or as otherwise expressly set 
forth in this Agreement, and (c) in any event, has a higher priority than 
Interruptible Service, Firm Service and any other permissible level of 
service established by Provider with respect to the TGP System.

Applicable Requirements means (a) any applicable rail transportation 
providers, truck transportation providers or pipelines operating and 
engineering standards, (b) any and all applicable local state and federal 
Laws, including Association of American Railroads, Federal Railroad 
Administration and U.S. Department of Transportation regulations and 
specifications, and (c) any applicable operating regulations or directions 
of any Governmental Authority.

Arrival Time means, in relation to a Train or Truck Nominated by Customer 
for the receiving of Customer NGLs from the TGP System, the date and time 
such Train or Truck is to arrive at the Terminals ready for loading and 
dispatch.

Bakken Area means, collectively, the following Counties located in North 
Dakota: Adams, Billings, Bottineau, Bowman, Burke, Burleigh, Divide, Dunn, 
Golden Valley, Hettinger, McHenry, McIntosh, McKenzie, McLean, Mercer, 
Morton, Mountrail, Renville, Slope, Stark, Walsh, Ward and Williams.
 
Appendix II - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Barrel means 42 United States standard gallons each of 231 cubic inches 
at 60° Fahrenheit.

Btu, Gross Heating Value, and Thermal Content means the amount of 
heat required to raise the temperature of one avoirdupois pound of pure 
water from fifty-eight and one-half degrees Fahrenheit (58.5° F) to 
fifty-nine and one-half degrees Fahrenheit (59.5° F) at a constant pressure 
of fourteen and seventy-three hundredths (14.73) pounds per square inch 
absolute.

Bunching means the accumulation of Trains or Trucks, as applicable, for 
loading of Customer NGLs contrary to existing Nominations and/or the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement, including the Operating Terms and the 
Service Interface Rules.

Business Day means a Day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks in New York, New York are generally open for business.

Bypass means that volume of Gas received at a Receipt Point on the TGP 
System but bypassed around the processing train such that it is redelivered 
as part of a Residue Gas stream without receiving any processing or 
fractionation services included as part of the Processing Services. Bypass 
includes both Gas that is physically bypassed around the Plant and Gas that 
is allocated through Plant accounting as Bypass (and not credited with any 
NGL recovery) even if the molecules of such Gas actually pass through the 
processing train.

CCT means the time in the Central Time Zone, whether actual or programmed 
as Central Standard Time or Daylight Savings Time, or such other time as 
the Parties may agree upon.

Charges has the meaning given such term in Section 7.2.

Claiming Party has the meaning given such term in Section 14.1.

Committed Build-Out Costs has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(c)(i).

Committed Build-Out Estimate has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(c)(i).

Committed Build-Outs has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(b)(ii).

Confidential Information has the meaning given such term in Section 19.5
.

Conflicting Dedication has the meaning given such term in Section 4.2.

Control and its derivatives (a) with respect to any Person, mean the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the 
ownership of voting shares, by contract, or otherwise, and (b) with respect 
to any Gas (including any Residue Gas and NGLs allocable thereto) or 
Injected NGLs,
 
Appendix II - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
means the right or obligation (pursuant to a marketing, agency, operating, 
unit or similar agreement or otherwise) of a Person to market such Gas 
(including any Residue Gas and NGLs allocable thereto) or Injected NGLs, as 
applicable; provided that such Person has elected or is obligated to market 
such Gas or Injected NGLs on behalf of a Non-Party.

CPI has the meaning given such term in Section 7.1(g)(ix).

Current Development Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 5.1.

Current System Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2.

Customer has the meaning given such term in the preamble of this 
Agreement.

Customer Gas has the meaning given such term in the recitals to this 
Agreement.

Customer Group has the meaning given such term in Section 16.3.

Customer Injected NGLs has the meaning given such term in the recitals to 
this Agreement.

Customer NGLs has the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(a).

Customer Parent has the meaning given such term in Section 18.1.

Customer Residue Gas has the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(a).

Day means a period of time beginning at 9:00 a.m. CCT on a calendar day 
and ending at 9:00 a.m. CCT on the succeeding calendar day. The term 
Daily shall have the correlative meaning.

Dedicated Area has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1(a)(i).

Dedicated Contracts has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1(a)(ii)
.

Dedicated Producer Gas has the meaning given such term in Section 
4.1(a)(i).

Dedicated Production has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1(b).

Dedicated Production Estimates has the meaning given such term in 
Section 5.1(b)(i).

Delivery Point means the points of interconnection of the TGP System 
described on Exhibit I, which Exhibit may be updated from time to time by 
the Parties pursuant to this Agreement, including pursuant to the agreement 
on an Updated Development Plan and related updated System Plan pursuant to 
Article 5.
 
Appendix II - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Development Period means, as of any date of determination, the greater of 
(a) the then-remaining Term of this Agreement (such remaining Term to be 
calculated using the assumptions that (i) Provider has elected to renew 
this Agreement for the Secondary Term hereof and (ii) no Party has elected 
to terminate the Agreement pursuant to Section 2.2(c)) and (b) thirteen 
(13) years.

Development Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 5.1(a).

Downstream Facility means (a) any pipeline downstream of any Delivery 
Point on the TGP System, or (b) a Gas processing facility downstream of any 
Delivery Point (i) to which Customer has dedicated, or in the future elects 
to dedicate, any Customer Gas for processing, or (ii) at which Customer has 
arranged for Customer Gas to be processed prior to delivery to a pipeline 
described in part (a) above.

Effective Time has the meaning given such term in the preamble of this 
Agreement.

Ethane Recovery Mode has the meaning given such term in Section 3.4(c).

Ethane Rejection Mode has the meaning given such term in Section 3.4(c).

Exclusive Producer Purchase Right has the meaning given such term in 
Section 15.1(b).

Executive Election has the meaning given such term in Section 5.3(e).

Executive Representative has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.3(e)(i).

Facilities Modification has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(b)(ii).

Fees mean, collectively, the Processing Fee, the Gas Lift Fee, the 
Loading Fees, the HNDP Fee and the Shortfall Fee.

Firm Service means that type of System Service that (a) other than Anchor 
Customer Firm Service, has the highest priority call on capacity of all of 
the TGP System, (b) shall only be subject to interruption or curtailment by 
reason of an event of Force Majeure, necessary TGP System maintenance, or 
as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, and (c) in any event, 
has a higher priority than Interruptible Service.

Force Majeure has the meaning given such term in Section 14.1.

Fuel Point has the meaning given such term in Section 1.6(a) of the 
Operating Terms.

Gas means natural gas in its natural state after ordinary well production 
and mechanical separation, including all constituent hydrocarbon gases, 
non-combustible gases, entrained NGLs, and other normal constituents.
 
Appendix II - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Gas Lift Delivery Points means those Delivery Points that include the 
words Gas Lift in the Delivery Point column on Exhibit I.

Gas Lift Fee has the meaning set forth in Exhibit G-1.

Gas Lift Services has the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(b).

GGA means that certain Gas Gathering Agreement, dated effective as of the 
Effective Time, by and between Customer and Hess North Dakota Pipelines 
LLC, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to 
time.

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, local, municipal, tribal 
or other government; any governmental, regulatory or administrative agency, 
commission, body or other authority exercising or entitled to exercise any 
administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, regulatory or taxing 
authority or power; and any court or governmental tribunal, including any 
tribal authority having or asserting jurisdiction.

Group means (a) with respect to Customer, the Customer Group, and (b) 
with respect to Provider, the Provider Group.

Historical Capital Expenditures means $**.

HNDP Delivery Point means each of the Delivery Points numbered 2, 20 and 
21 on Exhibit I.

HNDP Fee has the meaning set forth in Exhibit G-1.

HNDP Fee Point means either or both of the following points, as the 
context requires: (a) the Receipt Point numbered 12 on Exhibit H, and (b) 
that certain interconnection point of the Hess North Dakota Natural Gas 
Pipeline described on Exhibit A-2 and the Plant, which interconnection 
point is located at meter number 11261 of the TGP System.

Hydrocarbons means oil, gas, condensate and other gaseous and liquid 
hydrocarbons or any combination thereof and specifically includes Gas, 
Residue Gas and NGLs.

Initial Term has the meaning given such term in Section 2.2.

Injected NGLs has the meaning given such term in the definition of 
NGLs.

Interest Rate means, on the applicable date of determination (a) the 
prime rate (as published in the Money Rates table of The Wall Street 
Journal, eastern edition, or if such rate is no longer published in such 
publication or such publication ceases to be published, then as published 
in a similar national business publication as mutually agreed by the 
Parties), plus (b) an additional two percentage points (or, if such rate is 
contrary to any applicable Law, the maximum rate permitted by such 
applicable Law).
 
Appendix II - Page 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Interruptible Service means all obligations of Provider to provide System 
Services with respect to Gas (and any Residue Gas and NGLs allocable to 
such Gas), which obligations are designated as interruptible and as to 
which obligations Provider may interrupt its performance thereof for any or 
no reason.

Interstate Delivery Point means each of the Delivery Points numbered 2, 
8, 11 and 22 on Exhibit I.

Invoice has the meaning given such term in Section 12.1.

Laws means any applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, 
order, code, ruling, writ, injunction, decree or other official act of or 
by any Governmental Authority.

Loading Fees means the Rail Loading Fee and/or the Truck Loading Fee, as 
the context requires.

Loading Point means any Rail Car Loading Point or Truck Loading Point, as 
the context requires.

Loading Services has the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(c).

Loss or Losses means any actions, claims, settlements, judgments, 
demands, liens, losses, damages, fines, penalties, interest, costs, 
expenses (including expenses attributable to the defense of any actions or 
claims), attorneys fees and liabilities, including Losses for bodily 
injury, death, or property damage.

Maintenance Capital Estimate has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(c)(ii).

Maintenance Capital Expenditures means cash expenditures (including 
expenditures for the construction of new capital assets or the replacement, 
improvement or expansion of existing capital assets) by Provider that are 
made to maintain, over the long term, the operating capacity of the TGP 
System. For purposes of this definition, long term generally refers to a 
period of not less than 12 Months.

Manifest Train means a train other than a Unit Train.

Mcf means 1,000 Standard Cubic Feet.

MCFE or Mcf Equivalent has the meaning given such term in Section 1.9 
of the Operating Terms.

Minimum Volume Commitment or MVC has the meaning given such term in 
Section 6.1.

MMBtu means 1,000,000 Btus.
 
Appendix II - Page 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Month means a period of time beginning at 9:00 a.m. CCT on the first Day 
of a calendar month and ending at 9:00 a.m. CCT on the first Day of the 
next succeeding calendar month. The term Monthly shall have the 
correlative meaning.

MPMS has the meaning given such term in Section 1.4(c) of the Operating 
Terms.

MVC Shortfall Credits has the meaning given such term in Section 6.2.

NAESB means North American Energy Standards Board, or its successors.

NGLs means ethane, propane, methane, normal butane, isobutane, and C5+, 
and, depending on the context (a) mixtures thereof that are present in Gas 
as Tendered into the TGP System for the System Services, (b) mixtures 
thereof that are in a liquid state as Tendered into the TGP System for the 
System Services (Injected NGLs), or (c) mixtures thereof that exist as 
recovered products after extraction, whether as a combined mixture, raw 
make, or Y-Grade stream, or as individual product components after 
fractionation.

Nominate and its derivatives have the meaning given such terms in 
Section 1.2 of the Operating Terms.

Non-Party means any Person other than a Party to this Agreement.

Non-Party Gas means Gas owned by a Non-Party.

Non-Party Injected NGLs means Injected NGLs owned by a Non-Party.

Notice has the meaning given such term in Section 19.2.

OFO means an operational flow order or similar order respecting operating 
conditions issued by a Downstream Facility.

Operating Expense Estimate has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(c)(iii).

Operating Terms means those additional terms and conditions applicable to 
the System Services provided under this Agreement, as set forth in 
Appendix I.

Operational Failure means any explosions, breakage or accidents to 
machinery or lines of pipe that are not caused by the gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of Customer.

Original Agreement has the meaning given such term in the recitals to 
this Agreement.

Party or Parties has the meaning given such term in the Preamble.

PDA means, with respect to a Receipt Point or Delivery Point, a 
predetermined allocation directive from, or agreement with, Customer.
 
Appendix II - Page 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Person means any individual, corporation, company, partnership, limited 
partnership, limited liability company, trust, estate, Governmental 
Authority or any other entity.

Planned Delivery Point has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.1(b)(iii).

Planned Receipt Point has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.1(b)(ii).

Planned Well has the meaning given such term in Section 5.1(b)(i).

Plant has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Plant Expansion has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(b)(ii).

Plant Facilities has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Plant Rules means the rules posted from time to time at the Plant or 
otherwise communicated to Customer by Provider, in each case, pertaining to 
access, safety, conduct and use of the TGP System.

Plant Site has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Processing Fee has the meaning set forth in Exhibit G-1.

Processing Services has the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(a).

Producer means Hess Bakken Investments II, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company, and any of such Persons successors and assigns.

Provider has the meaning given to it in the preamble of this Agreement.

Provider Group has the meaning given such term in Section 16.2.

Psia means pounds per square inch absolute.

Quarter means a period of three consecutive Months, commencing on the 
first day of January, the first day of April, the first day of July and the 
first day of October in any Year.

Rail Car Loading Point means a Delivery Point that is marked as Rail 
Car in the Receiving Facility column on Exhibit I.

Rail Loading Fee has the meaning set forth in Exhibit G-1.

Rail Tank Car means a rail tank car that complies with the Applicable 
Requirements, is in good working order, is in a condition suitable to 
receive Customer NGLs from the TGP System, and is compatible with the 
operation of the TGP System, including the Plant Rules.
 
Appendix II - Page 8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Recalculation Election has the meaning given such term in Section 7.1(g)
.

Receipt Point means the connecting flanges on the TGP System that are 
described on Exhibit H, which Exhibit may be updated from time to time by 
the Parties pursuant to this Agreement, including pursuant to the agreement 
on an Updated Development Plan and related updated System Plan pursuant to 
Article 5.

Residual Value has the meaning given such term in Exhibit G-2.

Residue Gas means the Gas remaining after processing and fractionation at 
the Plant (including Gas that has been subject to Bypass) and after 
reduction for Shrinkage, System Fuel and System GL&U.

Residue Gas Delivery Point means a Delivery Point that is marked as 
Residue Gas in the Residue Gas / NGLs column on Exhibit I.

Return on Capital means ** percent (**%), as such return level may be 
modified by Provider pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.1(f).

Secondary Term has the meaning given such term in Section 2.2.

Service Interface Rules means those additional terms and conditions 
applicable to the System Services provided under this Agreement, as set 
forth in Appendix III.

Shortfall Fee has the meaning given such term in Section 7.1(e).

Shrinkage means the Thermal Content reduction of the Gas as a result of 
the extraction of NGLs therefrom as calculated in accordance with the 
Operating Terms.

Standard Base Conditions means a pressure of fourteen and seventy three 
hundredths (14.73) Psia at a temperature of sixty degrees Fahrenheit 
(60°F). The atmospheric pressure used by Provider where Gas is measured 
shall be assumed to be thirteen and five tenths (13.5) Psia, irrespective 
of the actual elevation of the measurement station(s) above sea level or 
variations in atmospheric pressure that may occur from time to time.

Standard Cubic Foot means the volume of Gas contained in one cubic foot 
of space at Standard Base Conditions.

Sulfur Recovery Mode has the meaning given such term in Section 3.4(d).

System Budget has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(c).

System Fuel means all Gas (including Residue Gas) and electric power 
measured and utilized as fuel for the TGP System, including Gas (including 
Residue Gas) and electric power utilized as fuel for compressor stations, 
stated in Mcfs or kilowatt hours, as applicable; provided, however, that 
System Fuel shall not include any Gas (including Residue Gas) or electric 
power used as a result of Providers gross negligence or willful 
misconduct.
 
Appendix II - Page 9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
System Fuel and Losses means the sum of: (a) all System Fuel; (b) all 
System GL&U; and (c) any volume of Customer Gas and/or Customer Residue Gas 
that is flared after being delivered into the TGP System, in each case, 
whether estimated or measured.

System GL&U means that quantity of Gas or NGLs, measured in MMBtus, 
gained, lost or unaccounted for (as applicable) after measuring or 
calculating all MMBtus (or their equivalents) received into the TGP System 
compared to the total quantity of MMBtus (or their equivalents) measured or 
calculated in dispositions to Residue Gas, Shrinkage, NGLs, and System Fuel 
or other dispositions. System GL&U includes any Gas or NGL volumes lost 
(or gained, if applicable) as a result of, but not limited to, leakage, 
venting or flaring, discrepancies due to meter inaccuracies, discrepancies 
in temperatures, pressures, conversion, measurement, or calculation factors 
and formulas, and other normal discrepancies resulting from TGP System 
measurement and volume reconciliations; provided, however, that System 
GL&U shall not include any Gas or NGLs lost as a result of Providers 
gross negligence or willful misconduct.

System Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(a).

System Services has the meaning given such term in Section 3.1.

Target Completion Date has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(b)(iii).

Tender and its derivatives mean, with respect to Gas or Injected NGLs, 
the act of Customers making Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGLs, as 
applicable, available or causing Customer Gas or Customer Injected NGLs, as 
applicable, to be made available to the TGP System at a Receipt Point.

Term has the meaning given such term in Section 2.2.

TGP System has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Train means a Unit Train or a Manifest Train.

Transportation Event means a leak, derailment, explosion or other 
failure, accident or incident occurring at any time or location and 
involving a truck, train or rail tank car that Customer brought or caused 
to be brought to the Plant.

Transportation Services has the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(d)
.

Truck means a standard NGL carrying truck.
 
Appendix II - Page 10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Truck Bay means an industry standard NGL transloading station for one 
Truck being capable of loading a Truck within one hour following hook-up 
and operating (in principle) 24 hours per Day.

Truck Loading Fee has the meaning set forth in Exhibit G-1.

Truck Loading Point means a Delivery Point that is marked as Truck in 
the Receiving Facility column on Exhibit I.

Uneconomic has the meaning given such term in Section 10.1(b)(i).

Unit Train means a train with at least 100 Rail Tank Cars.

Updated Development Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.1(a).

Well means a well for the production of hydrocarbons that is either 
producing, or is intended to produce, Dedicated Production.

Year means a period of time on and after January 1 of a calendar year 
through and including December 31 of the same calendar year; provided that 
the first Year shall commence on the execution date of the Original 
Agreement and run through December 31 of that calendar year, and the last 
Year shall commence on January 1 of the calendar year and end on the Day on 
which this Agreement terminates.

Y-Grade means that raw make mixture of NGLs recovered after processing, 
but before fractionation, consisting primarily of propane and heavier NGLs.
 
Appendix II - Page 11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
APPENDIX III
SERVICE INTERFACE RULES

1.1    Generally. These Service Interface Rules set forth certain rules and 
procedures according to which Provider will provide certain of the System 
Services to Customer, including the Loading Services.

1.2    Train Scheduling. Customer shall be responsible for arranging and 
coordinating rail transportation for any Customer NGLs delivered by or on 
behalf of Provider to the Rail Car Loading Points.

(a)    Customer shall, as promptly as possible, keep Provider regularly 
informed as to (i) any rail transportation provider Customer has contracted 
to move any Customer NGLs, (ii) the number and dimensions of any Trains and 
Rail Tank Cars that Customer has contracted to carry (or expects to 
contract to carry) such Customer NGLs, and (iii) the planned destinations 
of any such Trains and Rail Tank Cars, if available.

(b)    At all times during the Term, Customer shall have under contract 
with rail transportation providers sufficient Trains and Rail Tank Cars to 
move all Customer NGLs Nominated to the Rail Car Loading Points (or 
expected to be so Nominated by Customer) pursuant to this Agreement as 
Provider and Customer shall reasonably agree are necessary or advisable to 
(i) take away all such Customer NGLs from the Plant in a timely manner, and 
(ii) prevent Bunching. In making such determinations, the Parties shall 
take into consideration all relevant factors, including: (A) the 
destinations for such Customer NGLs, (B) the expected loading and 
offloading time of such Trains and Rail Tank Cars, and (C) bad car rates, 
maintenance and repair estimates and expected service interruption rates.

(c)    Customer shall have an obligation to maintain at or near the Plant 
readily available spare parts for Trains and Rail Tank Cars consistent with 
reasonably anticipated repair and replacement needs, as notified to 
Customer or posted on Providers website from time to time. Customer shall 
promptly remove from the Plant any Trains or Rail Tank Cars requiring 
repairs, unless Customer has retained Provider to perform such repairs. In 
the event Customer does not have readily available at or near the Plant a 
spare part needed to repair a Train or Rail Tank Car, as applicable, then 
in addition to other remedies to which Provider may be entitled, Provider 
may bad order the applicable Rail Tank Car.

(d)    Customer shall use reasonable efforts to arrange rail transportation 
for all Customer NGLs Nominated to the Rail Car Loading Points (or expected 
to be so Nominated by Customer) pursuant to this Agreement at such times 
and at such rates that are substantially even and coordinated with its 
Tendering of Customer Gas at the Receipt Points and Nominations for 
delivery of such Customer NGLs to the Rail Car Loading Points and otherwise 
in a manner that prevents Bunching.
 
Appendix III - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(e)    Provider shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to schedule 
the Loading Services of Customer NGLs Nominated to the Rail Car Loading 
Points pursuant to this Agreement consistent with the applicable 
Nominations of Customer.

1.3    Truck Scheduling. Customer shall be responsible for arranging and 
coordinating truck transportation for any Customer NGLs delivered by or on 
behalf of Provider to the Truck Loading Points.

(a)    Customer shall be entitled to use the Truck Bays at the Plant at 
such times as Provider shall reasonably schedule, subject to availability, 
for purposes of receipt of the Nominated deliveries of Customer NGLs at the 
Truck Loading Points. Customer shall keep Provider regularly and promptly 
informed as to those times when Customer will not be using a Truck Bay at 
its previously Nominated and scheduled time.

(b)    Customer shall, as promptly as possible, keep Provider regularly 
informed as to (i) any truck transportation provider Customer has 
contracted to move Customer NGLs, (ii) the number and dimensions of any 
Trucks that Customer has contracted to carry (or expects to contract to 
carry) such Customer NGLs, and (iii) the planned destinations of any such 
Trucks, if available.

(c)    At all times during the Term, Customer shall have under contract 
with truck transportation providers sufficient Trucks to move all Customer 
NGLs Nominated to the Truck Loading Points (or expected to be so Nominated 
by Customer) pursuant to this Agreement as Provider and Customer shall 
reasonably agree are necessary or advisable to (i) take away all such 
Customer NGLs from the Plant in a timely manner, and (ii) prevent Bunching. 
In making such determinations, the Parties shall take into consideration 
all relevant factors, including: (A) the destinations for such Customer 
NGLs, (B) the expected loading and offloading time of such Trucks, and (C) 
maintenance and repair estimates and expected service interruption rates.

(d)    Customer shall use reasonable efforts to arrange Truck 
transportation for all Customer NGLs Nominated to the Truck Loading Points 
(or expected to be so Nominated by Customer) pursuant to this Agreement at 
such times and at such rates that are substantially even and coordinated 
with its Tendering of Customer Gas at the Receipt Points and Nominations 
for delivery of such Customer NGLs to the Truck Loading Points and 
otherwise in a manner that prevents Bunching.

(e)    Provider shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to schedule 
the Loading Services of Customer NGLs Nominated to the Truck Loading Points 
pursuant to this Agreement consistent with the applicable Nominations of 
Customer.

1.4    Train and Truck Loading.

(a)    Customer shall use reasonable efforts to coordinate the arrival of 
all Trains, Rail Tank Cars and Trucks at the Plant in accordance with the 
agreed Nominations.
 
Appendix III - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Provider shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate such 
adjustments to Arrival Times as Customers rail or truck transportation 
provider may reasonably request. Customer shall provide Provider with as 
much advance notice as possible with respect to any alteration to any 
Nomination, including any change in the proposed Arrival Time, Train or 
Truck size, and Rail Tank Car or Truck dimensions. Customer shall 
additionally permit Provider to coordinate any alterations to an agreed 
Arrival Time directly with the applicable rail or truck transportation 
provider, as applicable.

(b)    In accordance with such agreed Arrival Times, Customer shall have 
the right to bring its Trains, Rail Tank Cars and Trucks to the Plant for 
purposes of loading Customer NGLs (in accordance with and to the extent 
agreed in accordance with the Agreement, including the Nomination 
provisions hereof). Provider shall use its commercially reasonable efforts 
to provide the Loading Services with respect to such Customer NGLs in a 
timely manner. Customer shall use reasonable efforts to cause all Trains, 
Rail Tank Cars and Trucks to depart from the Plant in a timely manner 
following the applicable loading or offloading of such Nominated Customer 
Oil.

(c)    Customer shall notify Provider of any Transportation Event as soon 
as possible, but in any event not less than one Business Day after the 
occurrence of such event.
 
Appendix III - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT A-1
PLANT


Tioga Gas Plant

The Plant is located in Tioga, North Dakota, and consists of a 250,000 
Mcf/Day cryogenic Gas processing facility with ethane recovery capabilities 
that produces low Btu, pipeline-quality natural gas and a 60,000 
Barrels/Day fractionation facility with NGL fractionation capabilities for 
ethane, propane and butane and natural gasoline. The Plant is capable of 
processing sour gas and can recover up to 225 long tons per day of sulfur.

The Plant was initially constructed in 1954. The Plant subsequently 
underwent a large-scale expansion, refurbishment and optimization project 
that was completed in late March 2014, during which a new cryogenic 
processing train with a nameplate processing capacity of 250,000 Mcf/Day 
was installed.

As used herein, the Plant and the TGP System specifically exclude the 
CNG terminal that is under construction at the Plant Site.
 
Exhibit A-1 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT A-2
PLANT FACILITIES


Hess North Dakota Natural Gas Pipeline

The TGP System includes the Hess North Dakota Natural Gas Pipeline, an 
approximately 60-mile 10.75-inch Residue Gas pipeline that connects the 
Plant to the interstate Northern Border Pipeline at Cherry Creek, North 
Dakota. This pipeline was constructed in 1992 and is capable of delivering 
65,000 Mcf/Day of Residue Gas to the Northern Border Pipeline at Cherry 
Creek and up to 25,000 Mcf/Day of Residue Gas to gas lift operations in 
McKenzie and Williams Counties, North Dakota.


3rd Party Residue Gas Line Interconnections

The TGP System also includes direct Residue Gas pipeline connections to 
both the Alliance Pipeline and the Williston Basin Interstate Pipeline.

The total Residue Gas offtake capacity from the TGP System into the Hess 
North Dakota Natural Gas Pipeline, Alliance Pipeline and the Williston 
Basin Interstate Pipeline is approximately 190,000 Mcf/Day.


NGL Truck Loading Racks, NGL Storage, and Refined Product Line 
Interconnections

The TGP System also includes four NGL truck loading racks with an aggregate 
loading capacity of 11,000 Barrels/Day of propane to serve the local 
propane market, as well as 22 NGL bullet storage tanks and five NGL storage 
tanks with a combined shell capacity of approximately 36,000 Barrels of 
propane, 18,000 Barrels of butane and 34,000 Barrels of natural gasoline.


Plant Inlet Gas and NGL Pipelines from Silurian and Ramberg Truck Facility

The TGP System also includes pipelines delivering inlet Gas and NGLs from 
the Silurian and Ramberg Truck Facility areas. This includes a 7.5 mile 16 
high pressure Gas pipeline from Silurian, a 1 mile section of 10 Gas 
pipeline from the Ramberg Truck Facility to Silurian, a 9 mile 12 high 
pressure Gas pipeline from the Ramberg Truck Facility to the Plant, and 7.5 
miles of 8 NGL pipeline from Silurian to the Plant.
 
Exhibit A-2 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT B-1
DEDICATED AREA

For purposes of this Agreement, as of January 1, 2017, the Dedicated Area
 is the entire Bakken Area.
 
Exhibit B-1 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT B-2
DEDICATED CONTRACTS
 
Counter Party
   	
Contract #
   	
Termination2
 **
   	G-0177 	   	**
 **
   	G-0305 	   	**
 **
   	G-0320 	   	**
 **
   	G-0082 	   	**
 **
   	G-0151 	   	**
 **
   	G-0282 	   	**
 **
   	G-0368 	   	**
 **
   	G-0343 	   	**
 **
   	G-0296 	   	**
 **
   	G-0295 	   	**
 **
   	G-4027 	   	**
 **
   	G-0382 	   	**
 **
   	G-0062 	   	**
 **
   	G-0052 	   	**
 **
   	G-0280 	   	**
 **
   	G-0330 	   	**
 **
   	G-0304 	   	**
 **
   	G-0297 	   	**
 **
   	G-0289 	   	**
 **
   	G-0317 	   	**
 **
   	G-0323 	   	**
 **
   	G-0324 	   	**
 **
   	G-0365 	   	**
 **
   	G-0316 	   	**
 **
   	G-0284 	   	**
 **
   	G-0308 	   	**
 
2  	See Key on Page 4 of Exhibit B-2 for list of abbreviations.
 
Exhibit B-2 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Counter Party
   	
Contract #
   	
Termination2
 **
   	G-0309 	   	**
 **
   	G-0316 	   	**
 **
   	G-0322 	   	**
 **
   	G-0369 	   	**
 **
   	G-0300 	   	**
 **
   	G-0053 	   	**
 **
   	G-0315 	   	**
 **
   	G-0275 	   	**
 **
   	G-0306 	   	**
 **
   	G-0348 	   	**
 **
   	G-0364 	   	**
 **
   	G-0055 	   	**
 **
   	G-0086 	   	**
 **
   	G-0088 	   	**
 **
   	G-0056 	   	**
 **
   	G-0079 	   	**
 **
   	G-0361 	   	**
 **
   	G-0338 	   	**
 **
   	G-0328 	   	**
 **
   	G-0006 	   	**
 **
   	G-0058 	   	**
 **
   	G-0009 	   	**
 **
   	G-0084 	   	**
 **
   	G-0269 	   	**
 **
   	G-0281 	   	**
 **
   	G-0090 	   	**
 **
   	G-0085 	   	**
 **
   	G-0298 	   	**
 **
   	G-0277 	   	**
 **
   	G-0089 	   	**
 **
   	G-0266 	   	**
 
Exhibit B-2 - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Counter Party
   	
Contract #
   	
Termination2
 **
   	G-0329 	   	**
 **
   	G-0342 	   	**
 **
   	G-0262 	   	**
 **
   	G-0251 	   	**
 **
   	G-0264 	   	**
 **
   	G-0310 	   	**
 **
   	G-0353 	   	**
 **
   	G-0362 	   	**
 **
   	G-0366 	   	**
 **
   	G-0286 	   	**
 **
   	G-0301 	   	**
 **
   	G-0327 	   	**
 **
   	G-0283 	   	**
 **
   	G-0272 	   	**
 **
   	G-0332 	   	**
 **
   	G-0333 	   	**
 **
   	G-0341 	   	**
 **
   	G-0367 	   	**
 **
   	G-0050 	   	**
 **
   	G-0014 	   	**
 **
   	G-0070 	   	**
 **
   	G-0131 	   	**
 **
   	G-0351 	   	**
 **
   	G-0337 	   	**
 **
   	G-0337 	   	**
 **
   	G-0318 	   	**
 **
   	G-0386 	   	**
 **
   	G-0080 	   	**
 **
   	G-0287 	   	**
 **
   	G-0326 	   	**
 **
   	G-0347 	   	**
 
Exhibit B-2 - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Counter Party
   	
Contract #
   	
Termination2
** 	   	G-0081 	   	**
** 	   	G-0083 	   	**
** 	   	G-0331 	   	**
** 	   	G-4028 	   	**
** 	   	G-0346 	   	**
** 	   	G-0354 	   	**
** 	   	G-0339 	   	**
** 	   	G-0091 	   	**
** 	   	G-0344 	   	**
** 	   	G-0359 	   	**
** 	   	G-0336 	   	**
** 	   	G-0299 	   	**
** 	   	G-0285 	   	**
** 	   	G-0285 	   	**
** 	   	G-0319 	   	**
** 	   	G-0325 	   	**
** 	   	G-0335 	   	**
 
Abbreviation
   	
Definition
LOL 	   	Life of Lease
MTM 	   	Month to Month
YTY 	   	Year to Year
 
Exhibit B-2 - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT C
CONFLICTING DEDICATIONS
 
Party
   	
Agreement
   	Effective 	   	Term
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	**

For the avoidance of doubt, no Customer Gas subject to a Conflicting 
Dedication is, or shall be, included in any Dedicated Production Estimates 
contained in any Development Plan delivered by Customer hereunder while the 
applicable Conflicting Dedication is still in effect.
 
Exhibit C - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT D
CURRENT DEVELOPMENT PLAN

Notwithstanding anything in Section 5.1 to the contrary, the Parties 
acknowledge that the Current Development Plan contained in this Exhibit D 
does not contain all of the information called for by Section 5.1 with 
respect to each Development Plan, as it is recognized that current Customer 
reporting, process, and system capabilities limit the Current Development 
Plan to the detail shown below.

SCHEDULE 1-A  DEDICATED PRODUCTION ESTIMATES BY SUBSYSTEM (HIGH & LOW 
PRESSURE)3
 
MMcfd 	  	1Q16 	  	2Q16 	  	3Q16 	  	4Q16 	  	1Q17 	  	2Q17 	  	3Q17 	  	
4Q17 	  	1Q18 	  	2Q18 	  	3Q18 	  	4Q18 	  	 
 Goliath System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 Hawkeye System Gathering4
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 Red Sky System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
 Total
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
  	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	2023 	  	2024 	  	2025 	  	2026 	
  	2027 	  	2028 	  	2029 	  	2030 	  	2031 	  	2032 	  	2033
 Goliath System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 Hawkeye System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 Red Sky System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 Total
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
3  	Schedule 1-A is broken out by general Receipt Point groups, and not by 
individual Receipt Points (or Injection Points), and contains information 
as to both the high pressure and low pressure portions of the Gathering 
System. See lead in paragraph to this Exhibit D.
4  	TGP inlet volume does not include BW and BWE gas through MRU in Hawkeye 
System Gathering
 
Exhibit D - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
SCHEDULE 1-B  DEDICATED PRODUCTION ESTIMATES BY RECEIPT POINT (HIGH 
PRESSURE)5
 
MMcfd 	  	1Q16 	  	2Q16 	  	3Q16 	  	4Q16 	  	1Q17 	  	2Q17 	  	3Q17 	  	
4Q17 	  	1Q18 	  	2Q18 	  	3Q18 	  	4Q18 	  	 
 Goliath System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 Hawkeye System Gathering6
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 Red Sky System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
 Total
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
  	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	2023 	  	2024 	  	2025 	  	2026 	
  	2027 	  	2028 	  	2029 	  	2030 	  	2031 	  	2032 	  	2033
 Goliath System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 Hawkeye System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 Red Sky System Gathering
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 Total
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
5  	Schedule 1-B is broken out by general Receipt Point groups, and not by 
individual Receipt Points, and contains information only as to the high 
pressure Receipt Points. Additionally, all Injected NGL volumes included in 
the Dedicated Production Estimates have, for purposes of Schedule 1-B, 
been converted to MCFEs and included with the Gas volumes shown above. See 
lead in paragraph to this Exhibit D.
6  	TGP inlet volume does not include BW and BWE gas through MRU in Hawkeye 
System Gathering
 
Exhibit D - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
SCHEDULE 2  DEDICATED PRODUCTION ESTIMATES BY DELIVERY POINT7
 
MMcfd 	  	1Q16 	  	2Q16 	  	3Q16 	  	4Q16 	  	1Q17 	  	2Q17 	  	3Q17 	  	
4Q17 	  	1Q18 	  	2Q18 	  	3Q18 	  	4Q18 	  	 
 NDNGPL
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
   Gas Lift
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
   Northern Border
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 WBI
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 CNG NOR
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 Alliance
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
 Total
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
  	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	2023 	  	2024 	  	2025 	  	2026 	
  	2027 	  	2028 	  	2029 	  	2030 	  	2031 	  	2032 	  	2033
 NDNGPL
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
   Gas Lift
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
   Northern Border
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 WBI
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 CNG NOR
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 Alliance
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 Total
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
MBblsd 	  	1Q16 	  	2Q16 	  	3Q16 	  	4Q16 	  	1Q17 	  	2Q17 	  	3Q17 	  	
4Q17 	  	1Q18 	  	2Q18 	  	3Q18 	  	4Q18 	  	 
 Alliance
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 Vantage
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 NGL Truck Rack @ TGP
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
 NGL Pipe to TRT
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
 Total
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	 
  	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	2023 	  	2024 	  	2025 	  	2026 	
  	2027 	  	2028 	  	2029 	  	2030 	  	2031 	  	2032 	  	2033
 Alliance
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 Vantage
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 NGL Truck Rack @ TGP
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 NGL Pipe to TRT
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 Total
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
 
7  	Schedule 2 is broken out by general Receipt Point groups, and not by 
individual Receipt Points, and contains information only as to the high 
pressure Receipt Points. See lead in paragraph to this Exhibit D.
 
Exhibit D - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT E
CURRENT SYSTEM PLAN

The Current System Plan includes the information required by Section 5.2(b)
:

Section 5.2(b)(i): See Exhibit H and Exhibit I.

Section 5.2(b)(ii): See Schedule 1 attached below.

Section 5.2(b)(iii): See Schedule 1 attached below.

Section 5.2(b)(iv): See Schedule 2 attached below.


SCHEDULE 1: PLANT EXPANSIONS; FACILITIES MODIFICATIONS; AND TARGET 
COMPLETION DATES
 
Description 	   	Target Completion
Date 	 
 Various TGP Expansion Items
   	  	2019 	  

SCHEDULE 2: CHANGES TO FEES DUE TO A RECALCULATION ELECTION
 
FEE TYPE: 	   	FEE AMOUNT:
Processing Fee8 	   	$**/Mcf
Gas Lift Fee 	   	$**/Mcf
Rail Loading Fee 	   	$**/Barrel
Truck Loading Fee 	   	$**/Barrel
HNDP Fee 	   	$**/Mcf
 
8  	The Processing Fee will be applied on a per Mcf basis (in the case of 
Customer Gas) and a per MCFE basis (in the case of Customer Injected NGLs), 
as applicable.
 
Exhibit E - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Included below is the System Budget that corresponds to the Current System 
Plan set forth in this Exhibit E.

Such System Budget includes the information required by Section 5.2(c):

Section 5.2(c)(i): See Schedule A attached below.

Section 5.2(c)(ii): See Schedule B-1 and Schedule B-2 attached below.

Section 5.2(c)(iii): See Schedule C-1 and Schedule C-2 attached below.

Section 5.2(c)(iv): See Schedule D-1 and Schedule D-2 attached below.


SCHEDULE A: PLANT EXPANSION CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
 
$(thousands) 	   	2016 	   	2017 	   	2018 	   	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	  
 	2022 	   	2023
 Tioga Gas Plant
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 HNDP
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
 Total
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 


SCHEDULE B-1: PLANT MAINTENANCE CAPITAL ESTIMATES
 
$(thousands) 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	   	
2022 	   	2023
 Tioga Gas Plant
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**


SCHEDULE B-2: HNDP MAINTENANCE CAPITAL ESTIMATES
 
$(thousands) 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	   	
2022 	   	2023
 HNDP
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**


SCHEDULE C-1: PLANT OPERATING EXPENSE ESTIMATES
 
$(thousands) 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	   	
2022 	   	2023
 Tioga Gas Plant
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**


SCHEDULE C-2: HNDP OPERATING EXPENSE ESTIMATES
 
$(thousands) 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	   	
2022 	   	2023
 HNDP
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 
Exhibit E - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
SCHEDULE D-1: PLANT ESTIMATED SCHEDULE OF MAINTENANCE
 
$(thousands) 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	   	
2022 	   	2023
 Tioga Gas Plant
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**


SCHEDULE D-2: HNDP ESTIMATED SCHEDULE OF MAINTENANCE
 
$(thousands) 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	   	
2022 	   	2023
 HNDP
  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 
Exhibit E - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT F
CURRENT MINIMUM VOLUME COMMITMENTS
 
  	  	MVC AMOUNT (MCF/DAY): 	 
MVC Type
  	1Q
2016 	  	  	2Q
2016 	  	  	3Q
2016 	  	  	4Q
2016 	  	  	1Q
2017 	  	  	2Q
2017 	  	  	3Q
2017 	  	  	4Q
2017 	  	  	1Q
2018 	  	  	2Q
2018 	  	  	3Q
2018 	  	  	4Q
2018 	 
 Gas Processing
  	  	186,809 	   	  	  	186,392 	   	  	  	185,145 	   	  	  	184,727 	   	
  	  	202,016 	   	  	  	204,915 	   	  	  	214,029 	   	  	  	214,327 	   	
  	  	218,426 	   	  	  	220,762 	   	  	  	220,182 	   	  	  	220,633 	  
 
Exhibit F - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT G-1
FEES
 
FEE TYPE:
   	FEE AMOUNT: 	 
Processing Fee9 	   	$ 	**/Mcf 	  
Gas Lift Fee 	   	$ 	**/Mcf 	  
Rail Loading Fee 	   	$ 	**/Barrel 	  
Truck Loading Fee 	   	$ 	**/Barrel 	  
HNDP Fee 	   	$ 	**/Mcf 	  
 
9  	The Processing Fee will be applied on a per Mcf basis (in the case of 
Customer Gas) and a per MCFE basis (in the case of Customer Injected NGLs), 
as applicable.
 
Exhibit G-1 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT G-2
FEE RECALCULATION MODEL

Original Methodology
 
  	 	  	The production profile used will be based on the Current 
Development Plan. To the extent appropriate, the production profile is 
adjusted by an operating factor of **% to reflect realistic operations. 
Further, the Current Development Plan will be adjusted to reflect major 
maintenance and turnarounds.
 
  	 	  	Initial capital (opening balance) is based upon net book value as 
of December 31, 2013.
 
  	 	  	Committed Build-Out Costs and Maintenance Capital Estimates are 
based on the Current System Plan.
 
  	 	  	Operating Expense Estimates are derived from the Current System 
Plan.
 
  	 	  	Includes projected public company and executive management costs 
allocated on a pro rata basis to the assets.
 
  	 	  	Includes major maintenance and turnaround expenses
 
  	 	  	Residual Value equals (a) the sum of initial capital and 
Committed Build-Out Costs over the Initial Term (10 years), multiplied by 
(b) (i) one, minus (ii) (A) the ratio of cumulative throughput from the 
Current Development Plan in the Initial Term (10 years), divided by (B) the 
cumulative throughput from the Current Development Plan over the full plan 
period (20 years).
 
  	 	  	The Return on Capital (unadjusted), using a mid-year convention, 
was utilized.
 
  	 	  	Fees are expressed as an escalating $/Mcf or $/Barrel, as 
applicable, figure required to achieve the Return on Capital.
 
  	 	  	Fees are escalated based on the average annual percentage change 
in the CPI for the 10 years prior to each Recalculation Election date and 
will be expressed on an annual basis in forward years.
 
  	 	  	Market-based Fees not subject to target return calculation but 
subject to CPI escalation:
 
  	 	  	Truck Loading Fee
 
  	 	  	HNDP Fee
 
  	 	  	Gas Lift Fee
 
  	 	  	If applicable, pass-through costs (power and utilities, other) and 
market-based revenue streams (compression fees, short-haul/injection fees, 
other) are set to offset costs to be recovered.
 
Exhibit G-2 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 


Redetermination Methodology

Each year, if a Recalculation Election is made pursuant to Section 7.1(g), 
the Fees will be recalculated to reflect:
 
  	 	  	The enumerated items in Section 7.1(g)(i) through (ix).
 
  	 	  	The present value of prior year(s) revenue and throughput will be 
subtracted from the Required Cost Recovery and Escalating Tariff 
Throughput (as each such term is used in the following example 
calculations) calculations so that the new Fees reflect costs to be 
recovered over the remaining Term coupled with expected throughput.
 
  	 	  	Operating Expense Estimates based upon the latest updated System 
Plan for the applicable year and subsequent years. Prior year(s) operating 
expenses will not be trued-up to actuals.
 
  	 	  	Projected public company and executive management costs allocated 
on a pro rata basis to the assets.
 
  	 	  	Major maintenance and turnaround expenses not otherwise included 
in the above listed items.
 
  	 	  	Any scheduled downtime of the TGP System.
 
  	 	  	Adjusted Residual Value based on latest Updated Development Plan.
 
  	 	  	All other assumptions will be the same as the Original Methodology 
set forth above.
 
Exhibit G-2 - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Example Fee Calculation
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	
Calculation / Notes
  	2013 	  	2014 	  	  	2015 	  	  	2016 	  	  	2017 	  	  	2018 	  	  	
2019 	  	  	2020 	  	  	2021 	  	  	2022 	  	  	2023 	  	  	2024 	 
  	
 A
  	
 Discounting Date
  	 	  	31-Dec 	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	
30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	
30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	  
  	
 B
  	
 IRR (**%)
  	 	  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 C
  	
 Tariff Escalation Index (**%)
  	CPI annual update 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	
  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	
** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 Cost Estimates
  	 	  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 D
  	
 Initial capital
  	 	  	# 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 E
  	
 Committed Build-Out Costs
  	 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	
  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 F
  	
 Maintenance Capital Estimates
  	 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	
  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 G
  	
 Operating Expenses
  	 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	
  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
 
  	
 H
  	
 Total Costs before Add backs
  	D+E+F+G 	  	# 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
 Add backs (decreases required cost recovery)
  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 I
  	
 Power & Utilities Pass-through *
  	 	  	 	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	
- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	
- # 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 J
  	
 Compression Revenues *
  	$** * C * High Pressure Gas 	  	 	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- 
# 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- 
# 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 K
  	
 Short-Haul / Injection Revenues *
  	$** * C * Short-Haul Vol. 	  	 	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	
   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	
   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 L
  	
 Residual Value
  	See description 	  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	  	- # 	  
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
 
  	
 M
  	
 Total Add backs
  	I+J+K+L+X 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	
  	# 	  
  	
 N
  	
 Net Total Costs
  	H-M 	  	# 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	
   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	  
  	  	  	  	  	= xnpv (B, A, N)  	  	PV @ **%  	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	O 	  	Required Cost Recovery 	  	xnpv (2014 actual revenue) 	  	as of 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	1/1/14 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
Throughput Estimate (Mbbls or MMcf)
  	  	  	2013 	  	2014 	  	  	2015 	  	  	2016 	  	  	2017 	  	  	2018 	  	
  	2019 	  	  	2020 	  	  	2021 	  	  	2022 	  	  	2023 	  	  	2024 	 
  	
 P
  	
 2014 Nomination
  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 Q
  	
 Operating Factor *
  	 	  	 	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	
  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 R
  	
 Net Throughput
  	= P * Q 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 S
  	
 Escalated Net Throughput
  	= R * C 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	  	  	  	  	= xnpv (B, A, S)  	  	PV @ **%  	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	T 	  	Escalating Tariff Throughput 	  	xnpv (2014 actual throughput) 	  	
as of 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	1/1/14 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
Tariff Rate & Tariff Revenue
 
  	  	  	2013 	  	2014 	  	  	2015 	  	  	2016 	  	  	2017 	  	  	2018 	  	
  	2019 	  	  	2020 	  	  	2021 	  	  	2022 	  	  	2023 	  	  	2024 	 
  	
 U
  	
 2014 Tariff Rate
 ($/Bbl or $/Mcf)
  	= O / T 	  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 V
  	
 Tariff Revenue
  	
xnpv (B, A, V) -
xnpv (2014 actual revenue) = O
  	 	  	  	U*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	
U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	
   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	 	 	
 
* 	Note: Not applicable to all tariffs
 
Exhibit G-2 - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Example Redetermination Election Fee Calculation (First Redetermination 
Election)
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	
Calculation / Notes
  	2013 	  	
2014
  	2015 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	
2023 	  	2024
  	
 A
  	Discounting Date 	  	 	  	31-Dec 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	
30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	
30-Jun
  	
 B
  	IRR (TBD%) 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	
  	
  	
 C
  	Tariff Escalation Index (TBD%) 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	**% used for illustrative purposes 	  	CPI annual update 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 Cost Estimates
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	
 D
  	Initial capital 	  	 	  	# 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	
  	 	  	
  	
 E
  	Committed Build-Out Costs 	  	 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	
  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 F
  	Maintenance Capital Estimates 	  	 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 G
  	Operating Expenses 	  	 	  	 	  	ISP 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 H
  	Total Costs before Add backs 	  	D+E+F+G 	  	# 	  	Actual/ISP 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
 Add backs (decreases required cost recovery)
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	
 I
  	Power & Utilities Pass-through * 	  	 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	
- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	
  	
 J
  	Compression Revenues * 	  	$** * C * High Pressure Gas 	  	 	  	Actual 	
  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	
  	
 K
  	Short-Haul / Injection Revenues * 	  	$** * C * Short-Haul Vol. 	  	 	  	
Actual 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	
- # 	  	
  	
 L
  	
 Residual Value
  	See description 	  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	- #
  	
 M
  	Total Add backs 	  	I+J+K+L+X 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	#
  	
 N
  	Net Total Costs 	  	H-M 	  	# 	  	Actual/ISP 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	#
  	
 O
  	Required Cost Recovery 	  	
= xnpv (B, A, N) 
xnpv(2014 actual revenue)
  	PV @ TBD% as 
of 1/1/14 for
Redetermination 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
Throughput Estimate (Mbbls or MMcf)
  	  	  	2013 	  	
2014
  	2015 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	
2023 	  	2024
  	
 P
  	2015 Nomination 	  	 	  	 	  	n/a 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 Q
  	Operating Factor * 	  	 	  	 	  	n/a 	  	% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	
% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	
  	
 R
  	Net Throughput 	  	= P * Q 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 S
  	Escalated Net Throughput 	  	= R * C 	  	 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	
  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 T
  	Escalating Tariff Throughput 	  	
= xnpv (B, A, S) 
xnpv(2014 actual throughput)
  	PV @ TBD% as 
of 1/1/14 for
Redetermination 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
Tariff Rate & Tariff Revenue
 
  	  	  	2013 	  	
2014
  	2015 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	
2023 	  	2024
  	
 U
  	
2015 Tariff Rate in 2014 $
($/Bbl or $/Mcf)
  	= O / T 	  	 	  	2014 Rate 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	
U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C
  	
 V
  	Tariff Revenue 	  	
xnpv (B, A, V) 
xnpv(2014 actual revenue) = O
  	 	  	Actual 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	
  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	
 
* Note: Not applicable to all tariffs
 
Exhibit G-2 - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT G-3
TARGET ETHANE RECOVERY TABLES
 
NGL
   	Ethane Recovery Mode
(Recovery Rate) 	  	Ethane Rejection Mode
(Recovery Rate)
 Ethane
   	**% 	  	**%
 Propane
   	**% 	  	**% Months 1 to 6;
**% thereafter
 Butane
   	**% 	  	**%
 C5+ Content
   	**% 	  	**%
 
Exhibit G-3 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT G-4
SECONDARY TERM FEE

Effective as of the first Year of the Secondary Term, each Fee hereunder 
shall be calculated in the following manner:

1.    For the first Year of the Secondary Term, each Fee shall be an amount 
equal to the simple average of: (a) an amount equal to (i) the amount of 
such Fee for the eighth Year of the Initial Term, increased by (ii) the 
percentage change in the CPI from the eighth Year of the Initial Term to 
the first Year of the Secondary Term, (b) an amount equal to (i) the amount 
of such Fee for the ninth Year of the Initial Term, increased by (ii) the 
percentage change in the CPI from the ninth Year of the Initial Term to the 
first Year of the Secondary Term, and (c) an amount equal to (i) the amount 
of such Fee for the tenth Year of the Initial Term, increased by (ii) the 
percentage change in the CPI from the tenth Year of the Initial Term to the 
first Year of the Secondary Term.

2.    For each Year during the Term following the first Year of the 
Secondary Term, each Fee shall be an amount equal to: (a) the amount of 
such Fee for the immediately preceding Year (as calculated pursuant to 
Section 7.1(j)), increased by (b) the percentage change in the CPI from the 
then-immediately preceding Year to such current Year.

3.    For purposes of determining any Fee pursuant to this Exhibit G-4 
during the Secondary Term and thereafter (a) no increase to any Fee 
resulting from any application of the CPI adjustment described above in 
subpart (2)(b) shall exceed 3.0% for any given Year, and (b) no Fee shall 
ever be decreased as a result of any application of the CPI adjustment 
described above in subpart (2)(b) to an amount less than the amount of such 
Fee as calculated pursuant to Section 7.1(j) for the prior Year.
 
Exhibit G-4 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT H
RECEIPT POINTS
 
Receipt Point
  	
Originating
Facility
  	
Size
  	
Gas / Injected NGLs
  	
Notes
  	
Meter#
  	
Existing / Future
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 
Exhibit H - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT I
DELIVERY POINTS
 
Delivery Point
  	
Receiving Facility
  	
Size/Type of Pipe
  	
Residue Gas / NGL
  	
Notes
  	
Meter#
  	
Existing/
Future
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 
Exhibit I - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Delivery Point
  	
Receiving Facility
  	
Size/Type of Pipe
  	
Residue Gas / NGL
  	
Notes
  	
Meter#
  	
Existing/
Future
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
  	
 **
 
Exhibit I - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT J
INSURANCE

Each of the Parties shall maintain or self-insure, and shall require its 
applicable subcontractors or agents who (a) in the case of Provider, are 
providing any of the System Services hereunder, or (b) in the case of 
Customer, are delivering any Gas or Injected NGLs to the Receipt Points 
and/or receiving any Residue Gas or NGLs at the Delivery Points hereunder, 
in each case, to maintain or self-insure, during the Term, the following 
insurance coverage:
 
  	1. 	Workers Compensation Insurance, covering obligations under all 
applicable Laws and employers liability insurance in the amount of 
$1,000,000 per occurrence.
 
  	2. 	General Liability Insurance, including contractual liability, with 
limits of $1,000,000 combined single limit per occurrence bodily injury and 
property damage with a $2,000,000 annual aggregate.
 
  	3. 	Automobile Liability Insurance, with limits of $1,000,000 combined 
single limit per occurrence bodily injury and property damage. Such 
automobile insurance will apply to all owned and non-owned vehicles.
 
Exhibit J - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT K
NOTICE INFORMATION

If to Provider:

Hess Tioga Gas Plant LLC
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attn:     Director, Commercial - Midstream
Fax:      (713) 496-8028
Email:   michael.frailey@hess.com

      with a copy to:

Hess Tioga Gas Plant LLC
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attn:     Operations Director
Fax:      (713) 496-8028
Email:  jtamborski@hess.com

If to Customer:
 
Hess Trading Corporation
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attn: 	  	Senior Commercial Advisor
Fax: 	  	(713) 496-8028
Email: jpaganis@hess.com
    with copies to:
 
Hess Trading Corporation 	   	Hess Trading Corporation
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
   	
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attn: 	  	Gas Marketing Team Lead  	   	Attn:     HTC Legal
  	Gas Marketing 	   	Fax:      (713) 496-8028
Fax: 	  	(713) 496-8028 	   	Email:   kbaehl@hess.com
Email:   kkifer@hess.com 	   	
 
Exhibit K - Page 1