 EX-10.1 2 d342562dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version
 
 
 

THIRD AMENDMENT

TO

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of February 10, 2017

To be effective as of December 31, 2016

among

SESI, L.L.C.,
as the Borrower,

SUPERIOR ENERGY SERVICES, INC.,
as Parent,

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
as Administrative Agent

and

the Lenders Party Hereto
 
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIRD AMENDMENT TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this 
Amendment) is entered into as of February 10, 2017 to be effective as of 
the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) by SESI, L.L.C., a 
limited liability company duly formed and existing under the laws of the 
State of Delaware (the Borrower), Superior Energy Services, Inc., a 
corporation duly formed and existing under the laws of the State of 
Delaware (the Parent) each of the undersigned Guarantors (together with 
the Borrower and Parent, the Loan Parties), each of the undersigned 
Lenders, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders 
(in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity, the 
Administrative Agent) and as an Issuing Lender, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as 
an Issuing Lender, and CITIBANK, N.A., as a new Issuing Lender (the New 
Issuing Lender).


R E C I T A L S

A. The Borrower, the Parent, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Bank of America, N.A., each as Issuing 
Lenders (collectively, in such capacities, the Existing Issuing Lenders) 
are parties to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
dated as of February 22, 2016 (as amended by the First Amendment to the 
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2016, 
and the Second Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2016, the Credit Agreement), pursuant 
to which the Lenders have made certain credit available to and on behalf of 
the Borrower.

B. The Borrower has requested and the Administrative Agent, Existing 
Issuing Lenders, the New Issuing Lender and Lenders constituting the 
Required Lenders have agreed to make certain changes to the Credit 
Agreement as set forth herein.

C. NOW, THEREFORE, to induce the Administrative Agent, Existing Issuing 
Lenders, the New Issuing Lender and the Lenders party hereto to enter into 
this Amendment and in consideration of the premises and the mutual 
covenants herein contained, for good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Defined Terms. Each capitalized term used herein but not 
otherwise defined herein has the meaning given such term in the Credit 
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. Unless otherwise indicated, all 
article, exhibit, section and schedule references in this Amendment refer 
to articles, exhibits, sections and schedules of the Credit Agreement.

Section 2. Amendments to Credit Agreement.

2.1. New Issuing Lender.

(a) Issuing Lender. The Borrower has requested that the New Issuing Lender 
become an Issuing Lender under the Credit Agreement and the New Issuing 
Lender agrees to become an Issuing Lender. The Administrative Agent 
consents to the New Issuing Lender becoming an Issuing Lender.

(b) L/C Commitments. The Administrative Agent, the Existing Issuing Lenders 
and the New Issuing Lender consent to the reallocation of the L/C 
Commitments pursuant to Section 2.11 hereof.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Alternate Currency. The Borrower has requested, and the New Issuing 
Lender consents to, the following currencies being designated as Alternate 
Currencies with respect to Letters of Credit issued by the New Issuing 
Lender: Australian Dollars, Bahts, Dirhams, Euros, Indian Rupees, Kuwaiti 
Dinars, New Zealand Dollars, Norwegian Kroners, Reais, Ringgits, Rupiah, 
Singapore Dollars, Saudi Riyals and, the lawful currency of the Federal 
Republic of Nigeria, the Nigerian Niara.

2.2. Global Amendment. All references in the Credit Agreement to Issuing 
Bank are hereby replaced with Issuing Lender.

2.3. Amendments to Section 1.1.

(a) The following definitions are hereby added where alphabetically 
appropriate:

Additional Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.21(a).

Consolidated Cash Balance means, at any time, (a) the aggregate amount of 
cash and Cash Equivalents, marketable securities, treasury bonds and bills, 
certificates of deposit, investments in money market funds, commercial 
paper, in each case, held or owned by (either directly or indirectly), 
credited to the account of or would otherwise be required to be reflected 
as an asset on the balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (to the 
extent such amounts are attributable to a U.S. Person) less (b) the sum of, 
without duplication, (i) any cash or Cash Equivalents used to pay payroll, 
payroll taxes, other taxes, employee wage and benefit payments and trust 
and fiduciary obligations or other obligations of the Parent or any 
Subsidiary to third parties and for which the Parent or such Subsidiary has 
issued checks or has initiated wires or ACH transfers (or will issue checks 
or initiate wires or ACH transfers within ten (10) days) in order to pay, 
(ii) other amounts for which the Parent or such Subsidiary has issued 
checks or has initiated wires or ACH transfers but have not yet been 
subtracted from the balance in the relevant account of the Parent or such 
Subsidiary and (iii) while and to the extent refundable, any cash or Cash 
Equivalents of the Parent or any Subsidiaries and constituting purchase 
price deposits held in escrow pursuant to a binding and enforceable 
purchase and sale agreement with a third party containing customary 
provisions regarding the payment and refunding of such deposits, in each 
case under this clause (b), only to the extent attributable to a U.S. 
Person.

Consolidated Cash Balance Threshold means $50,000,000.

Incremental Increase has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.21(a).

Reduced Leverage Date means the first date on which the Total Leverage 
Ratio shall be less than 4.00 to 1.00.

Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment to the Fourth Amended 
and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2017 among the 
Borrower, Parent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Third Amendment Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Third 
Amendment.

Total Leverage Ratio means the ratio, determined on a Pro Forma Basis, of 
(i) the Funded Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries determined 
on a consolidated basis as of the end of the fiscal quarter most recently 
ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to 
Section 6.1 (the determination date) to (ii) EBITDA for the four fiscal 
quarters ending with such determination date.

(b) The defined term Unrestricted Cash Balance is hereby deleted.

(c) The following defined terms are hereby amended and restated as follows:

Pro Forma Basis means, following a Permitted Acquisition, the calculation 
of the Funded Indebtedness, Additional Contingent Consideration, Interest 
Expense and EBITDA components of the Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Net 
Debt Ratio, Total Leverage Ratio and Interest Coverage Ratio for the fiscal 
quarter in which such Permitted Acquisition occurred and each of the three 
fiscal quarters immediately following such Permitted Acquisition with 
reference to the audited historical financial results of the Person, 
business, division or group of assets acquired in such Permitted 
Acquisition (or if such audited historical financial results are not 
available, such management prepared financial statements as are acceptable 
to the Administrative Agent) and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the 
applicable test period after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to such 
Permitted Acquisition and assuming that such Permitted Acquisition had been 
consummated at the beginning of such test period. For purposes of 
calculating EBITDA on a Pro Forma Basis, the Borrower may exclude expenses 
reasonably believed by the Borrower will be saved as a result of the 
Acquisition, but only to the extent consistent with Regulation S-X of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

EBITDA means Net Income plus, to the extent deducted in determining Net 
Income, (a) Interest Expense, (b) Income Taxes, (c) depreciation and 
depletion expense, (d) amortization expense, (e) non-cash charges, (f) 
extraordinary non-cash losses, (g) any costs, expenses and charges relating 
to severance, cost savings, operating expense reductions, facilities 
closing, consolidations, and integration costs, and other restructuring 
charges or reserves, provided that the aggregate amount included pursuant 
to this clause (g) shall not exceed $60,000,000 for the four fiscal 
quarters most recently ended as of such date of determination, (h) any 
non-cash losses or charges resulting from any Rate Management Transaction 
resulting from the requirements of ASC Section 815-10 (as successor to FASB 
Statement 133), and (i) any costs, expenses and charges through the fiscal 
quarter ending September 30, 2017, relating to one-time start-up costs for 
fleet preparations, including exceptional repairs and maintenance and 
business wind-down expenses in an amount up to (i) $25,000,000 for each of 
the four fiscal quarter periods ending December 31, 2016, March 31, 2017 
and June 30, 2017 and (ii) $16,600,000 for the four fiscal quarter period 
ending September 30, 2017, minus, to the extent included in determining Net
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income, extraordinary gains and other non-cash items which would increase 
Net Income, all calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; 
provided, however, that following any Permitted Acquisition by the Borrower 
or any of its Subsidiaries, calculation of EBITDA for the fiscal quarter in 
which such Permitted Acquisition occurred and each of the three fiscal 
quarters immediately following such Permitted Acquisition shall be made on 
a Pro Forma Basis.

2.4. Amendment to Section 2.3. Section 2.3 is hereby amended by

(i) making clause (b) thereof the new clause (d) and replacing the first 
sentence thereof with the following:

Amounts to be applied in connection with prepayments made pursuant to 
Section 2.3(a), Section 2.3(b) and Section 2.3(c) shall be applied to the 
repayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11. ; and

(ii) adding the following as the new clauses (b) and (c):

(b) If, at any time, (i) the Borrower has outstanding Loans and (ii) the 
Consolidated Cash Balance exceeds the Consolidated Cash Balance Threshold 
as of the close of business on the most recently ended Business Day, then 
the Borrower shall, within two Business Days, prepay the Loans in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to such excess.

(c) If at any time before the Reduced Leverage Date the aggregate principal 
amount of Loans outstanding shall exceed an amount equal to 12.5% of 
Consolidated Tangible Assets as set forth in the financial statements most 
recently delivered pursuant to Section 6.1, then the Borrower shall, within 
two Business Days, prepay the Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to such excess.

2.5. Amendment to Section 2.7. Section 2.7 is hereby amended by (i) 
deleting the last word and from clause (c) thereof, (ii) replacing . at 
end of clause (d) thereof with ; and (iii) adding the following as the 
new clauses (e) and (f):

(e) the amount of the Consolidated Cash Balance (without regard to the 
requested Advance) and the pro forma amount of the Consolidated Cash 
Balance (giving effect to the requested Advance); and

(f) if prior to the Reduced Leverage Date, the aggregate principal amount 
of Loans outstanding (giving effect to the requested Advance) and the 
amount equal to 12.5% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as set forth in the 
financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 6.1.

2.6. Amendment to Article II. Article II is hereby amended by adding the 
following as Section 2.21:

Section 2.21. Increase of Aggregate Commitment.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a) Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 2.21(b), the Borrower 
may, on one or more occasions, increase the Aggregate Commitment then in 
effect (any such increase an Incremental Increase) by increasing the 
Commitment of a Lender or by causing a Person that at such time is not a 
Lender to become a Lender and have a Commitment (an Additional Lender).

(b) Any increase in the Aggregate Commitment shall be subject to the 
following additional conditions:

(i) such increase shall not be less than $50,000,000 (and increments of 
$10,000,000 above that minimum) unless the Administrative Agent otherwise 
consents; provided that the aggregate amount of Incremental Increases since 
the Third Amendment shall not exceed $100,000,000;

(ii) as of the effective date of such Incremental Increase, no Default or 
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately after 
giving effect to such increase and the representations and warranties of 
the Borrower and the Guarantors set forth in this Agreement and in the 
other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on 
and as of the date of such effective date, except to the extent any such 
representations and warranties are expressly limited to an earlier date, in 
which case, on and as of the date of such increase such representations and 
warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such 
specified earlier date;


(iii) no Lenders Commitment may be increased without the consent of such 
Lender;

(iv) the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Lender must consent to the 
addition of any Additional Lender, in each case, such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed;

(v) the increase shall be on the exact same terms and pursuant to the exact 
same documentation applicable to this Agreement;

(vi) receipt by the Administrative Agent of (A) board resolutions and 
officers certificates consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date 
and (B) reaffirmation agreements and/or such amendments to the Collateral 
Documents, in each case, as may be reasonably requested by the 
Administrative Agent in order to ensure that such incremental indebtedness 
is provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents;

(vii) after giving effect to the effective date of such increase, the Total 
Leverage Ratio shall be less than 4.00 to 1.00; and

(viii) on the effective date of such increase, no Eurodollar Advances shall 
be outstanding or if any Eurodollar Advances are outstanding, then the 
effective date of such increase shall be the last day of the Interest 
Period in respect of such Eurodollar Advance unless the Borrower pays 
compensation required pursuant to Section 3.3.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) With the consent of the Lenders providing an Incremental Increase, the 
Borrower, and to the extent applicable, the Administrative Agent and the 
Issuing Lender(s) (and without the consent of any other Lenders), the Loan 
Documents may be amended or supplemented in a writing (which may be 
executed and delivered by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) 
substantially in the form of Exhibit E to reflect any changes necessary to 
give effect to such Incremental Increase and make any Additional Lender a 
party to this Agreement.

2.7. Amendment to Section 4.2. Section 4.2 is hereby amended by (i) 
deleting the proviso in clause (c) thereof in its entirety, (ii) replacing 
the reference to Section 6.18.4 in clause (c) thereof with Section 
4.2(d) and (ii) adding the following as the new clauses (d) and (e):

(d) The Consolidated Cash Balance immediately prior to such Advance and the 
pro forma Consolidated Cash Balance, immediately after giving effect to 
such Advance and the use of proceeds thereof, shall not exceed the 
Consolidated Cash Balance Threshold.

(e) If prior to the Reduced Leverage Date, the aggregate principal amount 
of Loans outstanding (after giving effect to such Advance) shall not exceed 
an amount equal to 12.5% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as set forth in 
the financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 6.1.

2.8. Amendment to Section 6.18.1(b). Section 6.18.1(b) is hereby amended 
and restated as follows:

(b) Consolidated Net Debt Ratio. The Parent will not permit the ratio, 
determined on a Pro Forma Basis (the Consolidated Net Debt Ratio), of (i) 
the Funded Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, minus 
Unrestricted Domestic Cash, determined on a consolidated basis as of the 
end of each fiscal quarter (the determination date) to (ii) EBITDA for the 
four fiscal quarters ending with such determination date, to be greater 
than the figure set forth below:
 
Fiscal Quarter End
   	Maximum Consolidated
Net Debt Ratio 	 
 December 31, 2017
   	  	7.25 to 1.00 	  
 March 31, 2018
   	  	6.25 to 1.00 	  
 June 30, 2018
   	  	6.00 to 1.00 	  
 September 30, 2018
   	  	5.50 to 1.00 	  
 December 31, 2018 and each fiscal quarter end thereafter
   	  	5.25 to 1.00 	  

The Consolidated Net Debt Ratio shall not be tested prior to December 31, 
2017.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.9. Amendment to Section 6.18.3. Section 6.18.3 is hereby amended and 
restated as follows:

Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio. The Parent will not permit the ratio, 
determined on a Pro Forma Basis (the Interest Coverage Ratio), of (a) 
EBITDA for the four fiscal quarters ending with each fiscal quarter (the 
determination date) to (b) Interest Expense actually paid in cash during 
the four fiscal quarters ending with such determination date, to be less 
than the figure set forth below:
 
Fiscal Quarter End
   	Interest Coverage Ratio 	 
 September 30, 2017
   	  	1.10 to 1.00 	  
 December 31, 2017
   	  	1.50 to 1.00 	  
 March 31, 2018
   	  	1.75 to 1.00 	  
 June 30, 2018
   	  	2.00 to 1.00 	  
 September 30, 2018 and each fiscal quarter thereafter
   	  	2.25 to 1.00 	  

The Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio shall not be tested prior to September 
30, 2017.

2.10. Amendment to Section 6.18.4. Section 6.18.4 is hereby deleted in its 
entirety.

2.11. Amendment to Schedules. Schedule 1, Schedule 1A and Schedule 2 are 
hereby amended and restated to read as set forth on Schedule 1, Schedule 1A 
and Schedule 2 attached hereto, respectively.

2.12. Amendment to Exhibits. Exhibit E attached hereto is hereby added as 
an exhibit.

Section 3. Conditions Precedent. Upon the date on which each of the 
following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 
9.12 of the Credit Agreement) (such date, the Satisfaction Date), this 
Amendment shall be deemed effective as of December 31, 2016 (such date, the 
Third Amendment Effective Date):

3.1. Execution and Delivery. The Administrative Agent shall have received 
from the Loan Parties, each Existing Issuing Lender, the New Issuing Lender 
and the Lenders constituting the Required Lenders, counterparts (in such 
number as may be requested by the Administrative Agent) of this Amendment 
signed on behalf of such Person.

3.2. Payment of Expenses. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall 
have received (a) all fees required to be paid on the Satisfaction Date 
including, without duplication, an amendment fee for the account of each 
Lender that delivers and executes its signature page consenting to the 
Amendment by 5:00 p.m. Houston, Texas time February 9, 2017, in an amount 
equal to 0.05% in respect of such Lenders Commitment under the Credit 
Agreement in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date after giving 
effect to Section 2.10 hereof and (b) all other fees and amounts due and 
payable on or prior to the Satisfaction Date, including, to the extent 
invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Satisfaction Date, 
reimbursement or payment of all documented out-of-pocket expenses required 
to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.3. No Default or Event of Default. No Default or Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing as of the date hereof, after giving effect 
to the terms of this Amendment.

The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized and directed to declare this 
Amendment to be effective when it has received documents confirming or 
certifying, to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent, compliance 
with the conditions set forth in this Section 3 or the waiver of such 
conditions as permitted hereby. Such declaration shall be final, conclusive 
and binding upon all parties to the Credit Agreement for all purposes.

Section 4. Miscellaneous.

4.1. Confirmation. The provisions of the Credit Agreement, as amended by 
this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect following the 
effectiveness of this Amendment.

4.2. Ratification and Affirmation; Representations and Warranties. Each 
Loan Party hereby (a) acknowledges the terms of this Amendment; (b) 
ratifies and affirms its obligations under, and acknowledges, renews and 
extends its continued liability under, each Loan Document to which it is a 
party and agrees that each Loan Document to which it is a party remains in 
full force and effect, except as expressly amended hereby, notwithstanding 
the amendments contained herein; and (c) represents and warrants to the 
Lenders that as of the date hereof, after giving effect to the terms of 
this Amendment: (i) all of the representations and warranties contained in 
each Loan Document to which it is a party are true and correct in all 
material respects, except to the extent any such representations and 
warranties are stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case, 
such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all 
material respects on and as of such earlier date (provided that such 
materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representation or 
warranty that is already qualified or modified by materiality in the Credit 
Agreement) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing.

4.3. No Waiver; Loan Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of 
this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a 
waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative 
Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any 
provision of any of the Loan Documents. On and after the Third Amendment 
Effective Date, this Amendment shall for all purposes constitute a Loan 
Document.

4.4. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the 
parties hereto in any number of separate counterparts, and all of such 
counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same 
instrument. Delivery of this Amendment by facsimile or electronic 
transmission in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as 
delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.

4.5. Release of Claims. Each Loan Party, by signing below hereby waives and 
releases each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders, the 
Lenders, their respective Affiliates (including Affiliates which acted as 
arrangers of and bookrunners for the Credit Agreement) and their and their 
Affiliates respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, advisors 
and consultants from any and all claims, offsets, defenses and 
counterclaims of any Loan Party arising on or prior to the execution of 
this Amendment in connection with any action or inaction by any such Person 
under or in respect of the Loan Documents or this Amendment, such waiver 
and releases being with full knowledge and understanding of the 
circumstances and effect thereof and after having consulted legal counsel 
with respect thereto. The Loan Parties acknowledge that none of the 
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders, the Lenders or their respective 
Affiliates is acting as a fiduciary for or advisor to the Loan Parties.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.6. NO ORAL AGREEMENT. THIS AMENDMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER 
LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH AND THEREWITH REPRESENT THE 
FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE 
OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. AS 
OF THE DATE OF THIS AMENDMENT, THERE ARE NO ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE 
PARTIES.

4.7. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY HEREOF) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

[SIGNATURES BEGIN NEXT PAGE]
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
duly executed as of the date first written above.
 
BORROWER: 	  	 	  	SESI, L.L.C.
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer
PARENT: 	  	 	  	SUPERIOR ENERGY SERVICES, INC.
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer
 
SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS: 	  	 	  	1105 PETERS ROAD, L.L.C.
  	 	  	ALLIANCE ENERGY SERVICE CO. LLC
  	 	  	COMPLETE ENERGY SERVICES, INC.
  	 	  	H.B. RENTALS, L.C.
  	 	  	INTEGRATED PRODUCTION SERVICES, INC.
  	 	  	STABIL DRILL SPECIALTIES, L.L.C.
  	 	  	SUB-SURFACE TOOLS, L.L.C.
  	 	  	SUPERIOR ENERGY SERVICES-NORTH AMERICA SERVICES, INC.
  	 	  	TEXAS CES, INC.
  	 	  	WARRIOR ENERGY SERVICES CORPORATION
  	 	  	WILD WELL CONTROL, INC.
  	 	  	WORKSTRINGS INTERNATIONAL, L.L.C.
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Vice President and Treasurer
  	 	  	MONUMENT WELL SERVICE CO.
  	 	  	PUMPCO ENERGY SERVICES, INC.
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary
  	 	  	SUPERIOR ENERGY SERVICES, L.L.C.
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s. Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Robert S. Taylor
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer

Signature Page to Third Amendment to
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ISSUING LENDER AND LENDER: 	  	 	  	JPMORGAN CHASE 
BANK, N.A.
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Darren Vanek
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Darren Vanek
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to Third Amendment to
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ISSUING LENDER AND LENDER: 	  	 	  	BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Tyler Ellis
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Tyler Ellis
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Director

Signature Page to Third Amendment to
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LENDER: 	  	 	  	WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Timoth P. Gebauer
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Timothy P. Gebauer
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Director

Signature Page to Third Amendment to
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LENDER: 	  	 	  	CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Matthew Molero
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Matthew Molero
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President

Signature Page to Third Amendment to
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LENDER: 	  	 	  	WHITNEY BANK
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Hollie L. Ericksen
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Hollie L. Ericksen
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President

Signature Page to Third Amendment to
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LENDER: 	  	 	  	ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Jay T. Sartain
  	 	  	
 Name:
  	Jay T. Sartain
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to Third Amendment to
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LENDER: 	  	 	  	THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Sparrow
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Mark Sparrow
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Director

Signature Page to Third Amendment to
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ISSUING LENDER AND LENDER: 	  	 	  	CITIBANK, N.A.
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Peter T. Baumann
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Peter T. Baumann
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Managing Director

Signature Page to Third Amendment to
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1
COMMITMENT AMOUNTS OF THE LENDERS
 
Name of Lender
   	Commitments 	  	   	Total Pro Rata
Share 	 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
   	$ 	63,900,000 	   	   	  	21.3 	% 
 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
   	$ 	54,300,000 	   	   	  	18.1 	% 
 Bank of America, N.A.
   	$ 	41,400,000 	   	   	  	13.8 	% 
 Capital One, National Association
   	$ 	31,800,000 	   	   	  	10.6 	% 
 Whitney Bank
   	$ 	29,400,000 	   	   	  	9.8 	% 
 Royal Bank of Canada
   	$ 	29,100,000 	   	   	  	9.7 	% 
 The Bank of Nova Scotia
   	$ 	27,000,000 	   	   	  	9.0 	% 
 Citibank, N.A.
   	$ 	23,100,000 	   	   	  	7.7 	% 
 Aggregate Commitment
   	$ 	300,000,000.00 	   	   	  	100.000000000 	% 
 
 
Schedule 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1A
L/C COMMITMENT AMOUNTS OF THE ISSUING LENDERS
 
Name of Issuing Lender
   	L/C Commitment 	 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
   	$ 	50,000,000.00 	  
 Bank of America, N.A.
   	$ 	40,000,000.00 	  
 Citibank, N.A.
   	$ 	10,000,000.00 	  
 Aggregate L/C Commitments
   	$ 	100,000,000.00 	  
 
 
Schedule 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 2
PRICING SCHEDULE

(a) For any day from the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the 
Third Amendment) and for each fiscal quarter during which the Total 
Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal quarter is equal to or 
greater than 4.00 to 1.00, the Pricing Schedule is as follows:
 
Category
   	Corporate Rating
(S&P/Moodys) 	   	Applicable
Margin for
Eurodollar
Loans 	  	  	Applicable
Margin for
Alternate Base
Rate Loans 	  	  	Commitment
Fee Rate 	  	  	Letter of
Credit Fee
Rate 	 
 1
   	BBB-/Baa3 	   	  	2.75 	%  	  	  	1.75 	%  	  	  	0.50 	%  	  	  	2.50 	
% 
 2
   	BB+/Ba1 	   	  	3.00 	%  	  	  	2.00 	%  	  	  	0.50 	%  	  	  	2.75 	
% 
 3
   	BB/Ba2 	   	  	3.50 	%  	  	  	2.50 	%  	  	  	0.50 	%  	  	  	3.25 	% 
 4
   	BB-/Ba3 	   	  	3.75 	%  	  	  	2.75 	%  	  	  	0.50 	%  	  	  	3.50 	
% 

(b) For any fiscal quarter during which the Total Leverage Ratio as of the 
last day of such fiscal quarter is less than 4.00 to 1.00, the Pricing 
Schedule is as follows:
 
Category
   	Corporate Rating
(S&P/Moodys) 	   	Applicable
Margin for
Eurodollar
Loans 	  	  	Applicable
Margin for
Alternate Base
Rate Loans 	  	  	Commitment
Fee Rate 	  	  	Letter of
Credit Fee
Rate 	 
 1
   	BBB-/Baa3 	   	  	2.25 	%  	  	  	1.25 	%  	  	  	0.50 	%  	  	  	2.25 	
% 
 2
   	BB+/Ba1 	   	  	2.50 	%  	  	  	1.50 	%  	  	  	0.50 	%  	  	  	2.50 	
% 
 3
   	BB/Ba2 	   	  	3.00 	%  	  	  	2.00 	%  	  	  	0.50 	%  	  	  	3.00 	% 
 4
   	BB-/Ba3 	   	  	3.25 	%  	  	  	2.25 	%  	  	  	0.50 	%  	  	  	3.25 	
% 

The Pricing Schedule on any day will be based on the highest Corporate 
Rating. If S&P or Moodys does not have a Corporate Rating in effect, then 
such rating agency not having a Corporate Rating in effect shall be deemed 
to have established a Corporate Rating in Category 4. If the Corporate 
Ratings established or deemed to have been established fall within 
different Categories, the Pricing Schedule shall be based on the higher of 
the Corporate Ratings, unless one of the Corporate Ratings is two or more 
Categories lower than the other, in which case the Pricing Schedule shall 
be determined by reference to the Category next below that of the higher of 
the Corporate Ratings. Each change in the Pricing Schedule (other than as a 
result of a change in the rating system of such rating agency) shall be 
effective as of the date on which a Corporate Rating change is first 
publically announced by the applicable rating agency, and such change shall 
apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and 
end on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such 
change.
 
 
Schedule 5 - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT E

[FORM OF] INCREMENTAL INCREASE AGREEMENT

THIS INCREMENTAL INCREASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as of [        
    ], is between [Insert name of Increasing Lender1] (the Increasing 
Lender), SESI, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (Borrower), 
Superior Energy Services, Inc. (Parent) [and][,] JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
National Association, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the 
Administrative Agent) [and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and 
Bank of America, N.A., each as an Issuing Lender (collectively, Issuing 
Lenders)]. Unless otherwise defined herein, each capitalized term used 
herein has the meaning assigned to it in the Credit Agreement.


R E C I T A L S

A. Reference is made to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
dated as of February 22, 2016 (as the same may be amended, supplemented, 
restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), 
among the Borrower, the Parent, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing 
Lenders and each lender and other party from time to time party thereto.

B. Pursuant to Section 2.21 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower has 
requested that the Aggregate Commitment be increased to $[] by increasing 
the Increasing Lenders Commitment by $[]2 (the New Commitment) to $[], 
which will be available on the Effective Date (as defined below).

C. The Increasing Lender is willing to increase its Commitment to the 
amount set forth opposite the Increasing Lenders name on Annex A hereto.

D. Each of the Administrative Agent and Issuing Lender(s) is willing to 
consent to the increase in the Commitment of the Increasing Lender.

E. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual 
covenants herein contained, for good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:

Section 1.01 Commitment Increase.

(a) Attached hereto as Annex A is a new Schedule 1 to the Credit Agreement 
which amends and restates the existing Schedule 1 to the Credit Agreement.

(b) Pursuant to Section 2.21(b) of the Credit Agreement, on the Effective 
Date, the New Commitment (and any Loans and L/C Exposure in connection with 
such New Commitment) shall automatically and without further action by any 
Person constitute Commitments and Aggregate Exposure of the Increasing 
Lender which shall be governed on the exact same terms and documentation 
applicable to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Section 1.02 Representations and Warranties; Agreements. The Increasing 
Lender hereby: (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and 
authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this 
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) it 
has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the 
most recent financial statements
 
 
 
1  	Update as necessary if more than one lender is coming in as an 
Increasing Lender.
2  	
Shall not be less than $[50,000,000].
 
Exhibit E

------------------------------------------------------------------------
delivered thereunder, and such other documents and information as it has 
deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter 
into this Agreement and to increase its Commitment, on the basis of which 
it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance 
on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender; and (b) agrees that (i) it 
will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any 
other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem 
appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in 
taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) it will 
perform in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement, all of the 
obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be 
performed by it as a Lender.

Section 1.03 Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective only upon 
the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (the date of such 
satisfaction of the following conditions being referred to herein as the 
Effective Date):

(a) The Borrower, the Administrative Agent[, each Issuing Lender] and the 
Increasing Lender[s] shall have executed and delivered counterparts of this 
Agreement.

(b) The New Commitment shall not be for an amount less than $[50,000,000] 
(and increments of $10,000,000 above that minimum) unless the 
Administrative Agent otherwise consents and, after giving effect to the New 
Commitment provided in this Agreement, the aggregate amount of Incremental 
Increases shall not exceed $100,000,000.

(c) Prior to and after giving effect to the matters contemplated by this 
Agreement, as of the Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing.

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from an 
Authorized Officer of the Borrower certifying as to the matters set forth 
in Section 1.03(b), Section 1.03(g) and Section 1.04 of this Agreement.

(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a 
Responsible Officer of the Borrower (i) setting forth resolutions of its 
board of directors or other appropriate governing body with respect to the 
authorization of the Borrower to execute and deliver this Agreement and 
(ii) otherwise substantially in the form of the certificate delivered on 
the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.01(c) of the Credit Agreement, with 
appropriate insertions and attachments referenced in such section, and if 
no amendments or other modifications have been made to the attachments and 
documents included in such certificate since the Closing Date, 
certification by such Responsible Officer that no changes have occurred in 
any such documents, as applicable.

(f) [The administrative agent shall have received reaffirmation agreements 
and/or such amendments to the Security Instruments as may be reasonably 
requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that such 
incremental Indebtedness is provided with the benefit of the applicable 
Loan Documents.]

(g) As of the effective date, after giving effect to the New Commitments, 
the Total Leverage Ratio shall be less than 4.00 to 1.00.

(h) Unless the Borrower pays any required compensation pursuant to Section 
3.3 of the Credit Agreement, no Eurodollar Advances shall be outstanding as 
of the Effective Date, or if any Eurodollar Advances are outstanding, then 
the Effective Date shall have occurred on the last day of the Interest 
Period in respect of such Eurodollar Advances.
 
Exhibit E

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Increasing 
Lender of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and 
binding.

Section 1.04 Representations and Warranties. Prior to and after giving 
effect to the matters contemplated by this Agreement, the representations 
and warranties of the Borrower and the Guarantors set forth in the Credit 
Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all 
material respects on and as of the date of the Effective date, except to 
the extent any such representations and warranties are expressly limited to 
an earlier date, in which case, on and as of the date of such increase such 
representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material 
respects as of such specified earlier date.

Section 1.05 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts 
(and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which 
shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall 
constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a 
signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic image 
scan transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed 
counterpart of this Agreement.

Section 1.06 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction.

(a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, 
THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b) ARTICLE XV OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT (CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO 
JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL) IS HEREBY INCORPORATED HEREIN BY 
REFERENCE AND SHALL APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT MUTATIS MUTANDIS.

Section 1.07 Severability. Any provision in this Agreement that is held to 
be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to 
that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without 
affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation, 
enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction, 
and to this end the provisions of this Agreement are declared to be 
severable.

Section 1.08 Notices. All communications and notices hereunder shall be in 
writing and given as provided in Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement.

Section 1.09 Effect of Agreement. The provisions of the Credit Agreement, 
as amended by this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect 
following the Effective Date. On and after the Effective Date, this 
Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. On and after the Effective Date, 
the terms Agreement, this Agreement, herein, hereinafter, hereto, 
hereof, and words of similar import, as used in the Credit Agreement, 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Credit Agreement, as 
amended by this Agreement.

[Signature page follows]
 
 
Exhibit E

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the date first written above.
 
  	 	  	SESI, L.L.C.
  	 	  	By:                                                                 
                                            
  	 	  	Name:
  	 	  	Title:
  	 	  	SUPERIOR ENERGY SERVICES, INC.
  	 	  	By:                                                                 
                                            
  	 	  	Name:
  	                                 	  	Title:
Administrative Agent: 	  	 	  	JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
  	 	  	By:                                                                 
                                            
  	 	  	Name:
  	 	  	Title:
Increasing Lender: 	  	 	  	[                                     ]
  	 	  	By:                                                                 
                                            
  	 	  	Name:
  	 	  	Title:
Issuing Lender: 	  	 	  	[                                     ]
  	 	  	By:                                                                 
                                            
  	 	  	Name:
  	 	  	Title:
 
Exhibit E

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX A

SCHEDULE 1
COMMITMENT AMOUNTS OF THE LENDERS
 
Name of Lender
   	Commitments 	  	   	Total Pro Rata Share 	 
 [            ]
   	$ 	[             	]  	   	  	[             	]% 
 [            ]
   	$ 	[             	]  	   	  	[             	]% 
 [            ]
   	$ 	[             	]  	   	  	[             	]% 
 [            ]
   	$ 	[             	]  	   	  	[             	]% 
 [            ]
   	$ 	[             	]  	   	  	[             	]% 
 [            ]
   	$ 	[             	]  	   	  	[             	]% 
 [            ]
   	$ 	[             	]  	   	  	[             	]% 
 [            ]
   	$ 	[             	]  	   	  	[             	]% 
 Aggregate Commitment
   	$ 	[             	]  	   	  	100 	% 
 
 
Exhibit E