 EX-10.5 6 d300797dex105.htm EX-10.5
Exhibit 10.5


February 8, 2017

S.A. Ibrahim
 
Re: 	Consulting Services for Radian Group Inc.

Dear S.A.:

This letter sets forth the terms of the agreement between you and Radian 
Group Inc. (Radian) relating to consulting services that you will provide 
to Radian and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, the 
Company).

1.    Services. Commencing March 6, 2017, you shall provide consulting 
services to Radian with respect to transition of management, new business 
opportunities, strategic planning, customer and investor relations and such 
other matters as the Chief Executive Officer of Radian (CEO) may request 
(the Services). You shall exercise reasonable skill and care in providing 
the Services, and you shall perform the Services in a professional manner, 
consistent with industry standards. You shall provide the Services to the 
Company at such times as reasonably requested by the CEO, taking into 
consideration your other commitments and obligations.

2.    Consulting Fee. As full and exclusive consideration for the Services, 
Radian shall pay you a consulting fee at the rate of $79,166 per month 
(which shall be prorated for any period of less than a full calendar 
month). The consulting fee shall be payable to you in arrears in the month 
following the month in which the Services were performed.


3.    Incentive Compensation.

a.    You shall be eligible to earn an incentive award (the Incentive 
Award) based on your performance of the Services and the Companys 
performance measured over a two-year performance period beginning January 
1, 2017 and ending December 31, 2018 (the Performance Period) against 
pre-established metrics established

------------------------------------------------------------------------
by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the Compensation 
Committee) of the Board of Directors of Radian (the Board) consistent 
with the metrics previously reviewed with you and approved by the 
Compensation Committee on February 7, 2017. Your target Incentive Award for 
the Performance Period shall be $3,000,000. Following the first year of the 
Performance Period (from January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017), the 
Compensation Committee shall determine the amount of the Incentive Award, 
if any, to be awarded to you (your STI Award) based on your and the 
Companys performance against the performance metrics established by the 
Compensation Committee as described above. 50% of your STI Award shall be 
paid to you between January 1, 2018 and March 15, 2018 and in no event 
later than the date annual incentive awards are paid to executive officers 
of the Company. The remaining 50% will become your target incentive award 
for the remaining portion of the Performance Period (your MTI Target). 
Following the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Compensation 
Committee shall award you a percentage of your MTI Target (from 0% to 115%) 
based on the Compensation Committees determination of performance against 
the performance metrics established by the Compensation Committee as 
described above (your MTI Award). Your MTI Award shall be paid to you 
between January 1, 2019 and March 15, 2019 and in no event later than the 
date annual incentive awards are paid to executive officers of the Company. 
The Compensation Committee shall make all determinations with respect to 
the Incentive Award in its sole discretion, consistent with the performance 
metrics described above.

b.     In the event of your death while providing the Services during the 
first year of the Performance Period, the STI Award shall be paid in the 
amount of $1,500,000, at the time described in subsection (a), and your MTI 
Target shall be $1,500,000. In the event of your death while providing the 
Services after the first year of the Performance Period, any unpaid STI 
Award that is awarded based on performance as described in subsection (a), 
and any MTI Award that is awarded based on performance as described in 
subsection (a), shall be paid at the applicable payment dates under 
subsection (a). If you voluntarily terminate this letter agreement before 
March 5, 2018, no further payments will be made under this Section 3 with 
respect to performance periods ending after the date of termination. If 
this letter agreement is terminated by the Company for Cause, no further 
payments will be made under this Section 3.

4.    Location of Performance of Services; Expense Reimbursement. It is 
anticipated that you will perform the Services remotely from your home 
office, and occasionally, as requested by Radian, taking into account your 
other commitments and obligations, onsite at Radians offices or at such 
other locations as reasonably requested by Radian. Radian will reimburse 
you for the reasonable expenses related to your travel as requested by 
Radian in connection with the Services, including to Radians offices or 
other meeting locations. In addition, Radian shall reimburse you for all 
necessary and reasonable business expenses incurred by you in the 
performance of the Services. All such expenses shall be reimbursed in 
accordance with Radians business expense reimbursement policies. During 
the Term, Radian shall provide you with support services as reasonably 
needed with respect to the Services, including support from an 
administrative assistant.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.    Level of Services. You and Radian anticipate that the Services will 
not exceed 30 hours per month. You and Radian agree that it is reasonably 
anticipated that your Services hereunder will require you to render 
Services each month at a level that will not exceed 20% of the average 
level of your services as an employee of Radian over the preceding 
36-month period. You and Radian acknowledge that, for purposes of section 
409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), you 
will have undergone a separation from service, within the meaning of 
section 409A, from Radian upon the date of your retirement from employment 
with Radian on March 5, 2017.


6.    Confidentiality; Non-disclosure.

a.    You shall not at any time, during the Term or thereafter, directly or 
indirectly disclose or reveal to any person or entity any Confidential 
Information of the Company or of any third parties which the Company is 
under an obligation to keep confidential, except to the Company, as 
permitted by subsection (c) below, or as otherwise authorized by the 
Company in writing. The term Confidential Information shall mean all 
information concerning the business or other affairs of the Company or its 
customers that you learn or become aware of in connection with the 
performance of the Services and shall include, without limitation, all 
trade secrets and other information received from third parties and 
required to be held in confidence by the Company, all non-public 
information relating to existing and potential customers, markets, 
contracts, prices, products, personnel, strategies, policies, systems, 
procedures, technologies, works, business methods or other methods, 
know-how, information, data, financial information, processes, trade 
secrets, inventions, developments, applications and any other information 
relating to any of the foregoing of the Company, in each case, that you 
learn or become aware of in connection with the performance of the 
Services. All memoranda, notes, lists, records and other documents (and all 
copies thereof) made or compiled by you or made available to you concerning 
the Services or the Company shall be included in Confidential Information, 
shall be the Companys property and upon request from the Company shall be 
delivered to the Company upon the earlier of termination of this letter 
agreement or request by the Company. However, Confidential Information 
shall not include any information that, as of the date of disclosure to 
you: (i) was generally available to the public through no act or omission 
of yours or (ii) was independently acquired by you without violating any of 
your obligations under this letter agreement. You shall not directly or 
indirectly, either during or after the Term, use or attempt to use any 
Confidential Information for any purpose except (and then only during the 
Term) as may be required for you to perform the Services. The Confidential 
Information and all material, whether in written, non-written, digital, 
photographic or any other tangible or intangible format, embodying 
Confidential Information is acknowledged to be the property of the Company.

b.    You understand and acknowledge that you are aware that Confidential 
Information is or may be material information and that the use of such 
information may be

------------------------------------------------------------------------
regulated, restricted or prohibited by applicable laws relating to insider 
trading or dealing. Moreover, you agree that you shall not use Confidential 
Information for trading in the securities of the Company, including, but 
not limited to, Radian, or for any other unlawful purpose.

c.    Nothing in this letter agreement, including any restrictions on the 
use of Confidential Information, shall prohibit or restrict you from 
initiating communications directly with, or responding to any inquiry from, 
or providing testimony before, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 
the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any 
other federal, state, or local regulatory authority. To the extent 
permitted by law, upon receipt of any subpoena, court order, or other legal 
process compelling the disclosure of Confidential Information and Trade 
Secrets, you agree to give prompt written notice to the Company so as to 
permit the Company to protect its interests in confidentiality to the 
fullest extent possible. Please take notice that federal law provides 
criminal and civil immunity to federal and state claims for trade secret 
misappropriation to individuals who disclose a trade secret to their 
attorney, a court, or a government official in certain, confidential 
circumstances that are set forth at 18 U.S.C. §§ 1833(b)(1) and 1833(b)(2), 
related to the reporting or investigation of a suspected violation of the 
law, or in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a 
suspected violation of the law.

7.    Restrictive Covenants. You acknowledge that you remain subject to the 
Restrictive Covenants described in Section 3 of the Retirement Agreement 
(the Restrictive Covenants).

8.    Proprietary Information and Work. You agree that all inventions, 
innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, 
reports, and all similar or related information which relates to the 
Companys actual or anticipated business, research and development or 
existing or future products or services and which are conceived, developed 
or made by you in connection with your performance of the Services (Work 
Product) belong to the Company. You will promptly disclose such Work 
Product to the Board and perform all actions reasonably requested by Radian 
(whether during or after the Term) to establish and confirm such ownership 
(including, without limitation, assignments, consents, powers of attorneys 
and other instruments).

9.    Remedies. You acknowledge that because the Services are personal and 
unique and you will have access to and have become and will become 
acquainted with the Confidential Information of the Company, and because 
any breach by you of any of the restrictive covenants contained in Sections 
6 through 8 of this letter agreement may result in irreparable injury and 
damage for which money damages would not provide an adequate remedy, the 
Company shall have the right to enforce Sections 6 through 8 of this letter 
agreement by injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief, 
without bond and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that 
the Company may have for a breach, or threatened breach, of the restrictive 
covenants set forth in Sections 6 through 8 of this letter agreement. You 
agree that in any action in which the Company seeks injunction, specific 
performance or other equitable relief, you will not assert or contend that 
any of the provisions of Sections 6 through 8 are unreasonable or otherwise 
unenforceable.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.    Taxes. You shall perform the Services to be provided hereunder as an 
independent contractor. You shall be responsible for the payment of all 
applicable taxes arising from your performance of, and payment for, the 
Services, including without limitation any income and self-employment 
taxes. The parties agree that the Company shall not withhold any amounts 
for taxes or pay any of the taxes or fees contemplated in the preceding 
sentence in connection with your Services to the Company. The Company will 
report all compensation income under this letter agreement on a Form 1099.

11.    Independent Contractor Relationship. Nothing in this letter 
agreement shall be construed to create any association, partnership, joint 
venture or relationship of principal and agent or employer and employee 
between you and the Company or to provide any party with the right, power 
or authority to create any such duty or obligation on behalf of the other 
party. You shall not hold out yourself as an affiliate, agent, officer, 
director or employee of or partner, joint venturer, co-principal or 
co-employer with the Company; provided that nothing herein shall prevent 
you from referring to yourself as a consultant to the Company. You shall 
not be treated as an employee of the Company for any purpose, including, 
without limitation, for the purposes of any employee or fringe benefits 
provided by the Company to its employees including, without limitation, 
employee insurance, pension, savings, medical, health care, fringe benefit, 
stock option, equity compensation, deferred compensation or bonus plans, or 
for withholding tax purposes. There is no employer/employee relationship 
established by this letter agreement, nor does this letter agreement or the 
Services hereunder create a promise, actual or implied, of future 
employment with the Company or any other entity, or for a right to any 
compensation in lieu of an offer of such employment.


12.    Consultant Representations.

a.    You represent and warrant to Radian that:

(i)    your execution and delivery of this letter agreement and the 
performance of the Services will not violate the provisions of any 
agreement to which you are a party or are otherwise bound (including 
without limitation, confidentiality and non-solicitation obligations);

(ii)    you are not a party to any existing agreement, and during the Term 
you will not become a party to an agreement, that would prevent you from 
performing your obligations hereunder or that could conflict with, impair 
or adversely affect your performance under this letter agreement;

(iii)    the performance of the Services and the manner of such performance 
by you do not and will not violate or in any way infringe upon any rights 
of third parties, including property, contractual, employment, trade 
secrets, proprietary information and non-disclosure rights, or any 
trademark, copyright, patent or other intellectual property rights; and

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv)    you have full legal right to irrevocably assign to the Company all 
rights in and to the Work contemplated by Section 8.

b.    You shall observe and comply with (i) all applicable laws, rules and 
regulations in the performance of the Services; and (ii) Radians policies 
and procedures for information security and other policies and procedures 
applicable to consultants generally as described in Radians Code of 
Conduct, as in effect as of the date of this letter agreement or, with 
respect to any subsequent changes, as communicated to you by the Company in 
writing (the Code of Conduct).

13.    Assignment. Neither you, on the one hand, nor Radian, on the other 
hand, may assign or delegate any of your or its rights, duties or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party; 
provided, that Radian may, without your consent, assign this letter 
agreement to any successor by merger or any entity acquiring all or 
substantially all of Radians assets. This letter agreement shall inure to 
the benefit of, and be binding upon, the parties permitted successors and 
assigns.

14.    Improper Assignment Void. Any purported assignment in violation 
hereof shall be null and void and of no effect whatsoever.


15.    Effective Date; Term and Termination.

a.    This letter agreement shall be effective as of March 6, 2017. The 
term of this letter agreement will commence on March 6, 2017 and shall 
continue through March 5, 2018, or until terminated earlier as described 
below (the Term). The continuation of payments under Section 3 after 
March 5, 2018 shall not be deemed to extend the Term of the letter 
agreement or the duration of the period of restriction or application of 
any Restrictive Covenant.

b.    You and Radian may terminate this letter agreement by mutual 
agreement before March 5, 2018. Radian may terminate this letter agreement 
at any time, with or without prior written notice, for Cause (as defined 
below). This letter agreement shall automatically terminate upon your 
death.

c.    Upon a termination of this letter agreement as permitted by its 
terms, Radian shall be obligated to pay you (i) for the Services rendered 
before the date of termination in accordance with this letter agreement, 
(ii) any unreimbursed expenses under Section 4, and (iii) any amounts 
payable under Section 3(b).

d.    For purposes of this letter agreement, Cause shall mean any of the 
grounds for termination of the Services listed below which is not cured by 
you within the 20-day period following written notice from the Board of the 
specific grounds that could

------------------------------------------------------------------------
result in a termination for Cause; provided that you shall only have an 
opportunity to cure a failure to the extent the failure is curable, as 
determined by the Board in its sole discretion:

(i)    You shall have been indicted for, convicted of, or plead nolo 
contendere to, a crime involving fraud, misrepresentation or moral 
turpitude or any felony (excluding traffic offenses other than traffic 
offenses involving use of alcohol or illegal substances);

(ii)    You engage in fraud, dishonesty, theft or misappropriation of funds 
in connection with the Services;

(iii)    It is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that you 
breached any of the covenants or agreements described in Sections 6 through 
8 of this letter agreement (other than the Code of Conduct), or materially 
breached the Code of Conduct;

(iv)    Your gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of 
the Services.

e.    The respective rights and obligations of the parties shall survive 
the termination or expiration of this letter agreement to the extent 
necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties hereto, including 
without limitation, Sections 6 through 8 and Sections 15 and 17 of this 
letter agreement.

16.    Section 409A. This letter agreement is intended to comply with the 
short-term deferral exception under section 409A of the Code, to the 
extent applicable.

17.    Indemnification. Radian agrees to indemnify you against all claims 
arising out of actions or omissions in connection with your provision of 
the Services, to the same extent and on the same terms and conditions as 
would be applicable had the Services been provided by an executive officer 
of Radian under Radians bylaws or Radians Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation. Without limiting the foregoing, you shall 
have no liability with respect to actions taken by the CEO or other 
officers, employees or directors of the Company in connection with your 
provision of the Services; it being understood and agreed that you are 
providing the Services in an advisory capacity and, consistent with Section 
11 of this letter agreement, you have no authority to bind the Company.

18.    No Assignment; Unfunded Agreement. No compensation payable under 
this letter agreement may be transferred, assigned, pledged or encumbered 
by you, nor may any compensation under this letter agreement be subject to 
any claim of any creditor, and, in particular, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, all such payments, benefits and rights will be free from 
attachment, garnishment, trustees process, or any other legal or equitable 
process available to any of your creditors. This letter agreement is an 
unfunded arrangement. Your rights under this letter agreement will be no 
greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of Radian. All 
compensation will be paid from the general funds of Radian. In the event 
you die, any payments due to you under this letter agreement and not paid 
prior to your death shall be made to the personal representative of your 
estate.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19.    Applicable Law. This letter agreement shall be governed by the laws 
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without giving effect to the conflicts 
of laws principles.

20.    Integrated Agreement. This letter agreement, the Restrictive 
Covenants and the Retirement Agreement constitute the entire understanding 
and agreement between you and Radian concerning the subject matter hereof. 
This letter agreement supersedes all prior written or oral agreements or 
understandings existing between you and Radian concerning the subject 
matter hereof (other than the Retirement Agreement, including the 
Restrictive Covenants contained therein).

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the agreement between us, please so 
indicate by signing the copy of this letter agreement in the space set 
forth below and returning it to me, whereupon it shall constitute our 
binding agreement.
 
 
Very truly yours,
RADIAN GROUP INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Anita Scott
Name: 	  	Anita Scott
Title: 	  	SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer
Date: February 8, 2017


ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE

I acknowledge receipt of this letter agreement setting forth the terms and 
conditions governing the engagement to perform Services as an independent 
contractor and agree to all terms and conditions of this letter agreement, 
to the extent provided in this letter agreement, including the restrictive 
covenants described in Sections 6 through 8 of this letter agreement.
 
/s/ S.A. Ibrahim
S.A. Ibrahim
February 8, 2017
Date