 EX-10.2 3 d667078dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

AMENDED AND RESTATED PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of the 
11th day of October, 2017 (this Agreement), is made by CRAWFORD & COMPANY
, a Georgia corporation (Crawford), and by each of the undersigned 
Subsidiaries of Crawford and each other Subsidiary of Crawford that, after 
the date hereof, executes an instrument of accession hereto substantially 
in the form of Exhibit C (a Pledgor Accession; the undersigned and such 
other Subsidiaries, collectively, together with Crawford, the Pledgors), 
in favor of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent 
for the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below (in such 
capacity, the Administrative Agent), for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties (as hereinafter defined). Except as otherwise provided herein, 
capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings given to 
them in the Credit Agreement referred to below.


RECITALS

A.    Crawford, Crawford & Company Risk Services Investments Ltd., Crawford 
& Company (Canada) Inc. and Crawford & Company (Australia) Pty. Ltd., as 
borrowers, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to a Credit 
Agreement, dated as of December 8th, 2011 (as amended, modified, restated 
or supplemented from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing 
Credit Agreement), providing for the availability of certain credit 
facilities to each of the Borrowers upon the terms and conditions set forth 
therein. The Borrowers have requested, and the Lenders and the 
Administrative Agent have agreed, to enter into an Amended and Restated 
Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, modified, 
restated or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement), which 
amends and restates in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement.

B.    Certain Pledgors and the Administrative Agent are parties to that 
certain Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2011 (as 
amended by the (i) Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, Amendment to Pledge 
and Security Agreement and Limited Waiver, dated as of November 25, 2013, 
and (ii) Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, Second Amendment to Pledge 
and Security Agreement, Second Amendment to Guaranty Agreement and Limited 
Consent, dated as of November 28, 2014, the Existing Security Agreement
).

C.    As a condition to the extension of credit to the Borrowers under the 
Credit Agreement, each Subsidiary of Crawford that is a party hereto as of 
the date hereof has entered into an Amended and Restated Guaranty 
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, modified, restated or 
supplemented from time to time, the Guaranty Agreement), pursuant to 
which each such Subsidiary has guaranteed to the Secured Parties the 
payment in full of the Obligations of the Borrowers under the Credit 
Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Additionally, certain other 
Subsidiaries of Crawford may from time to time after the date hereof enter 
into the Guaranty Agreement, pursuant to which such Subsidiaries will 
guarantee to the Secured Parties the payment in full of the Obligations of 
the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
D.    It is a further condition to the extension of credit to each Borrower 
under the Credit Agreement that the Pledgors shall have agreed, by 
executing and delivering this Agreement, which amends and restates in its 
entirety the Existing Security Agreement, to secure the payment in full of 
their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty 
Agreement and the other Credit Documents. The Secured Parties are relying 
on this Agreement in their decision to extend credit to each Borrower under 
the Credit Agreement, and would not enter into the Credit Agreement without 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Pledgors.

E.    The Pledgors will obtain benefits as a result of the extension of 
credit to each Borrower under the Credit Agreement, which benefits are 
hereby acknowledged, and, accordingly, desire to execute and deliver this 
Agreement.


STATEMENT OF AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, to induce the Secured Parties to enter into the Credit 
Agreement and to induce the Lenders to extend credit to each Borrower 
thereunder, each Pledgor hereby agrees as follows:


ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1    Defined Terms. The following terms that are defined in the UCC (as 
hereinafter defined) are used in this Agreement as so defined (and, in the 
event any such term is defined differently for purposes of Article 9 of the 
UCC than for any other purpose or purposes of the UCC, the Article 9 
definition shall govern): Account, As-Extracted Collateral, Chattel Paper, 
Commercial Tort Claim, Commodity Account, Commodity Intermediary, Deposit 
Accounts, Documents, Electronic Chattel Paper, Equipment, Fixtures, General 
Intangibles, Goods, Instruments, Inventory, Investment Property, 
Letter-of-Credit Rights, Record, Securities Account, Securities 
Intermediary, Software, Supporting Obligations and Tangible Chattel Paper. 
In addition, the following terms have the meanings set forth below:

Collateral has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.1.

Collateral Accounts has the meaning given to such term in Section 6.3.

Contracts means, collectively, all rights of each Pledgor under all 
leases, contracts and agreements to which such Pledgor is now or hereafter 
a party, including, without limitation, all rights, privileges and powers 
under Ownership Agreements and Licenses, together with any and all 
extensions, modifications, amendments and renewals of such leases, 
contracts and agreements and all rights of such Pledgor to receive moneys 
due or to become due thereunder or pursuant thereto and to amend, modify, 
terminate or exercise rights under such leases, contracts and agreements.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright Collateral means, collectively, all Copyrights and Copyright 
Licenses to which any Pledgor is or hereafter becomes a party and all other 
General Intangibles embodying, incorporating, evidencing or otherwise 
relating or pertaining to any Copyright or Copyright License, in each case 
whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising.

Copyright License means any agreement now or hereafter in effect granting 
any right to any third party under any Copyright now or hereafter owned by 
any Pledgor or which any Pledgor otherwise has the right to license, or 
granting any right to any Pledgor under any property of the type described 
in the definition of Copyright herein now or hereafter owned by any third 
party, and all rights of any Pledgor under any such agreement.

Copyrights means, collectively, all of each Pledgors copyrights, 
copyright registrations and applications for copyright registration, 
whether under the laws of the United States or any other country or 
jurisdiction, including all recordings, supplemental registrations and 
derivative or collective work registrations, and all renewals and 
extensions thereof, in each case whether now owned or existing or hereafter 
acquired or arising.

Excluded Accounts has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.1.

License means any Copyright License, Patent License or Trademark License.

Mobile Goods means, collectively, all of each Pledgors motor vehicles, 
tractors, trailers, aircraft, rolling stock and other like property, 
whether or not the title thereto is governed by a certificate of title or 
ownership, in each case whether now owned or existing or hereafter 
acquired.

Ownership Agreement means any partnership agreement, joint venture 
agreement, limited liability company operating agreement, stockholders 
agreement or other agreement creating, governing or evidencing any such 
capital stock or equity interests and to which any Pledgor is now or 
hereafter becomes a party, as any such agreement may be amended, modified, 
supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time.

Patent Collateral means, collectively, all Patents and all Patent 
Licenses to which any Pledgor is or hereafter becomes a party and all other 
General Intangibles embodying, incorporating, evidencing or otherwise 
relating or pertaining to any Patent or Patent License, in each case 
whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising.

Patent License means any agreement now or hereafter in effect granting to 
any third party any right to make, use or sell any invention on which a 
Patent, now or hereafter owned by any Pledgor or which any Pledgor 
otherwise has the right to license, is in existence, or granting to any 
Pledgor any right to make, use or sell any invention on which property of 
the type described in the definition of Patent herein, now or hereafter 
owned by any third party, is in existence, and all rights of any Pledgor 
under any such agreement.

Patents means, collectively, all of each Pledgors letters patent, 
whether under the laws of the United States or any other country or 
jurisdiction, all recordings and registrations thereof and applications 
therefor, including, without limitation, the inventions and improvements 
described therein, and all reissues, continuations, divisions, renewals, 
extensions, substitutions and continuations-in-part thereof, in each case 
whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Permitted Accounts means deposit accounts, securities accounts or 
commodities accounts of any Pledgor; provided that the aggregate balance in 
all such accounts does not exceed $2,000,000.

Permitted Hedge Agreement means any Hedge Agreement that is required or 
permitted by the Credit Agreement to be entered into by any Consolidated 
Entity.

Pledged Interests means, collectively, (i) all of the issued and 
outstanding shares, interests or other equivalents of capital stock of each 
Person that is a direct Subsidiary of any Pledgor as of the date hereof or 
that becomes a direct Subsidiary of any Pledgor at any time after the date 
hereof, at any time now or hereafter owned by any Pledgor, whether voting 
or non-voting and whether common or preferred; (ii) all partnership, joint 
venture, limited liability company or other equity interests in each Person 
not a corporation that is a direct Subsidiary of any Pledgor as of the date 
hereof or that becomes a direct Subsidiary of any Pledgor at any time after 
the date hereof, at any time now or hereafter owned by any Pledgor; (iii) 
all options, warrants and other rights to acquire, and all securities 
convertible into, any of the foregoing; (iv) all rights to receive 
interest, income, dividends, distributions, returns of capital and other 
amounts (whether in cash, securities, property, or a combination thereof), 
and all additional stock, warrants, options, securities, interests and 
other property, from time to time paid or payable or distributed or 
distributable in respect of any of the foregoing (but subject to the 
provisions of Section 5.3), including, without limitation, all rights of 
such Pledgor to receive amounts due and to become due under or in respect 
of any Ownership Agreement or upon the termination thereof; (v) all rights 
of access to the books and records of any such Person; and (vi) all other 
rights, powers, privileges, interests, claims and other property in any 
manner arising out of or relating to any of the foregoing, of whatever kind 
or character (including any tangible or intangible property or interests 
therein), and whether provided by contract or granted or available under 
applicable law in connection therewith, including, without limitation, such 
Persons right to vote and to manage and administer the business of any 
such Subsidiary pursuant to any applicable Ownership Agreement, in each 
case together with all certificates, instruments and entries upon the books 
of financial intermediaries at any time evidencing any of the foregoing. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein 
or in any other Credit Document, no Capital Stock issued by LWI or any of 
its Subsidiaries (or any interest or right related thereto of any type 
described in clauses (iii) through (vi) above) shall be deemed to 
constitute Pledged Interests or any other Collateral.

Proceeds has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.1.

Secured Parties means, collectively, the Lenders (including the Issuing 
Banks and the Swingline Lender in their capacities as such), the Hedge 
Parties, the Cash Management Banks and the Administrative Agent.

Termination Requirements means (i) the payment in full in cash of the 
Secured Obligations (as defined in Section 2.2) (other than contingent and 
indemnification obligations not then due and payable and other than 
Obligations described in the following clause (iii), except as expressly 
set forth therein), (ii) the termination of the Commitments and the 
termination or expiration of all Letters of Credit under the Credit 
Agreement and (iii) the termination of, and settlement of all obligations 
of all Consolidated Entities under, all Permitted
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hedge Agreements to which any Hedge Party is a party and all Cash 
Management Agreements to which any Cash Management Bank is a party to the 
extent the terms of such Permitted Hedge Agreements and Cash Management 
Agreements expressly require the termination thereof or settlement of the 
obligations of any Consolidated Entity thereunder as a result of the 
termination of the Credit Agreement.

Trademark Collateral means, collectively, all Trademarks and Trademark 
Licenses to which any Pledgor is or hereafter becomes a party and all other 
General Intangibles embodying, incorporating, evidencing or otherwise 
relating or pertaining to any Trademark or Trademark License, in each case 
whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising.

Trademark License means any agreement now or hereafter in effect granting 
any right to any third party under any Trademark now or hereafter owned by 
any Pledgor or which any Pledgor otherwise has the right to license, or 
granting any right to any Pledgor under any property of the type described 
in the definition of Trademark herein now or hereafter owned by any third 
party, and all rights of any Pledgor under any such agreement.

Trademarks means, collectively, all of each Pledgors trademarks, service 
marks, trade names, corporate and company names, business names, logos, 
trade dress, trade styles, other source or business identifiers, designs 
and general intangibles of a similar nature, whether under the laws of the 
United States or any other country or jurisdiction, all recordings and 
registrations thereof and applications therefor, all renewals, reissues and 
extensions thereof, all rights corresponding thereto, and all goodwill 
associated therewith or symbolized thereby, in each case whether now owned 
or existing or hereafter acquired or arising.

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may be in effect from 
time to time in the State of New York; provided that if, by reason of 
applicable law, the validity, attachments, perfection (or opposability), 
effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority of any security interest 
in any Collateral granted under this Agreement or any other Credit Document 
is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in another 
jurisdiction or by any other personal property security laws of any other 
jurisdiction, then as to the validity, attachment, perfection (or 
opposability), effect of perfection or of non-perfection or priority, as 
the case may be, of such security interest, UCC shall include the Uniform 
Commercial Code or such other personal property security laws as in effect 
from time to time in such other jurisdiction.

1.2    Other Terms; Construction. All terms in this Agreement that are not 
capitalized shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings 
provided by the UCC to the extent the same are used or defined therein.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE II

CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST

2.1    Pledge and Grant of Security Interest. Each Pledgor hereby pledges, 
assigns and delivers to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit 
of the Secured Parties, and grants to the Administrative Agent, for the 
ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a Lien upon and security interest 
in, all of such Pledgors right, title and interest in and to the following 
property and assets of such Pledgor, in each case whether now owned or 
existing or hereafter acquired or arising and wherever located 
(collectively, the Collateral):

(i)    all Accounts;

(ii)    all As-Extracted Collateral;

(iii)    all Chattel Paper;

(iv)    the Commercial Tort Claims (if any) set forth on Annex I hereto;

(v)    all Contracts;

(vi)    all Copyright Collateral;

(vii)    all Deposit Accounts;

(viii)    all Documents;

(ix)    all Equipment;

(x)    all Fixtures;

(xi)    all General Intangibles;

(xii)    all Goods;

(xiii)    all Instruments;

(xiv)    all Inventory;

(xv)    all Investment Property;

(xvi)    all Letter-of-Credit Rights;

(xvii)    all Patent Collateral;

(xviii)    all Pledged Interests; provided, however, that, (A) the Pledged 
Interests of any Pledgor in a Foreign Subsidiary (excluding any Foreign 
Subsidiary Borrower but including any Disregarded Foreign Subsidiary that 
is not a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower) shall not exceed 65% of all voting 
Capital Stock of such Foreign Subsidiary, and (B) with respect to any 
Foreign Subsidiary Borrower or any Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company, only 
65% of the Pledged Interests issued thereby shall secure the U.S. 
Obligations (but nothing in this clause (xviii) limits the Pledged 
Interests issued by Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers or Foreign Subsidiary 
Holding Companies that secure the Foreign Subsidiary Obligations);

(xix)    all Software;
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xx)    all Supporting Obligations;

(xxi)    all Trademark Collateral;

(xxii)    all cash, cash equivalents and money of such Pledgor, wherever 
held;

(xxiii)    to the extent not covered or not specifically excluded by 
clauses (i) through (xxii) above, all of such Pledgors other personal 
property;

(xxiv)    all Records evidencing or relating to any of the foregoing or 
that are otherwise necessary or useful in the collection thereof;

(xxv)    all accessions, additions, attachments, improvements, 
modifications and upgrades to, replacements of and substitutions for any of 
the foregoing; and

(xxvi)    any and all proceeds, as defined in the UCC, products, rents, 
royalties and profits of or from any and all of the foregoing and, to the 
extent not otherwise included in the foregoing, (w) all payments under any 
insurance (whether or not the Administrative Agent is the loss payee 
thereunder), indemnity, warranty or guaranty with respect to any of the 
foregoing Collateral, (x) all payments in connection with any requisition, 
condemnation, seizure or forfeiture with respect to any of the foregoing 
Collateral, (y) all claims and rights (but not obligations) to recover for 
any past, present or future infringement or dilution of or injury to any 
Copyright Collateral, Patent Collateral or Trademark Collateral, and (z) 
all other amounts from time to time paid or payable under or with respect 
to any of the foregoing Collateral (collectively, Proceeds). For purposes 
of this Agreement, the term Proceeds includes whatever is receivable or 
received when Collateral or Proceeds are sold, exchanged, collected or 
otherwise disposed of, whether voluntarily or involuntarily.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may, in its sole 
discretion, reject or refuse to accept for credit toward payment of the 
Secured Obligations any Collateral that is an Account, Instrument, Chattel 
Paper, lease or other obligation or property of any kind due or owing from 
or belonging to a Sanctioned Person.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other 
Security Document, Collateral shall not include (i) owned or leased Realty, 
(ii) any Pledged Interests issued by a Foreign Subsidiary that constitutes 
an Immaterial Subsidiary or any Pledged Interests (including, without 
limitation, any Pledged Interests constituting Investment Property, General 
Intangibles or Proceeds) to the extent excluded from Collateral pursuant to 
Section 2.1(xviii) above, (iii) any property the grant of a security 
interest in which is (A) prohibited by any Requirement of Law of a 
Governmental Authority or (B) requires consent not obtained from any 
Governmental Authority pursuant to such Requirement of Law, (iv) any 
contract, agreement, license, permit or intellectual property to the extent 
that such grant of a security interest therein is prohibited by, or 
constitutes a breach or default under or results in the termination of such 
contract, agreement, license, permit, intellectual property, or other 
document evidencing or giving rise to such contract, agreement, license, 
permit or intellectual property, (v) any Investment Property or Pledged 
Interest or General Intangibles constituting Pledged Interests issued by 
Persons other than Subsidiaries to the extent that such grant of a security 
interest therein is prohibited under
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any applicable shareholder agreement or similar agreement or organizational 
document, except in each case under clause (iii), (iv) or (v) to the extent 
that such Requirement of Law or the applicable provision of such contract, 
license, agreement, permit or other document or shareholder or similar 
agreement or organizational document is ineffective under applicable law, 
(vi) any Mobile Goods, (vii) any intent-to-use US trademark application for 
which an amendment to allege use or statement of use has not been filed and 
accepted by the US Patent and Trademark Office and that would otherwise be 
deemed invalidated, cancelled or abandoned due to the grant of a security 
interest thereon (provided that each intent-to-use application shall be 
considered Collateral immediately and automatically upon such filing and 
acceptance), (viii) any deposit account or securities account specifically 
used as a payroll account, a benefit account, a trust and similar customer 
account, a fiduciary account, an escrow account or a tax payment account 
(all of the accounts described in this clause (viii), the Excluded 
Accounts), and (ix) any assets that the Administrative Agent, in its sole 
discretion, agrees in writing after the date hereof that (A) the cost of 
obtaining the Lien therein is excessive in relation to the value of the 
Lien to afforded thereby or (B) obtaining a Lien therein is not 
commercially practical.

2.2    Security for Secured Obligations. This Agreement and the Collateral 
secure the full and prompt payment, at any time and from time to time as 
and when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or 
otherwise), of (i) in the case of Crawford, all Obligations of Crawford 
under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents, including, 
without limitation, all principal of and interest on the Loans, all 
Reimbursement Obligations, all fees, expenses, indemnities and other 
amounts payable by each Borrower under the Credit Agreement or any other 
Credit Document (including interest accruing after the filing of a petition 
or commencement of a case by or with respect to any Borrower seeking relief 
under any Debtor Relief Law, specifically including, without limitation, 
the Bankruptcy Code and any fraudulent transfer and fraudulent conveyance 
laws, whether or not the claim for such interest is allowed in such 
proceeding), and all obligations of any Consolidated Entity to any Hedge 
Party under any Permitted Hedge Agreement, and all obligations any 
Consolidated Entity to any Cash Management Bank under any Cash Management 
Agreement, and (ii) in the case of each other Pledgor, all of its 
liabilities and obligations as a Guarantor (as defined in the Guaranty 
Agreement) in respect of the Obligations; and in each case under clause (i) 
or (ii) above, (x) all such liabilities and obligations that, but for the 
operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy 
Code, would become due, and (y) all fees, costs and expenses payable by the 
Pledgors under Section 8.1, in each case under clause (i) or (ii) above 
whether now existing or hereafter created or arising and whether direct or 
indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due (the liabilities and 
obligations of the Pledgors described in this Section 2.2, collectively, 
the Secured Obligations).


ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Each Pledgor represents and warrants as follows:

3.1    Ownership of Collateral. Each Pledgor owns, or has valid rights as a 
lessee or licensee with respect to, all Collateral purported to be pledged 
by it hereunder, free and clear of any Liens except for the Liens granted 
to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Secured Parties, pursuant to this Agreement, and except for other Permitted 
Liens. To the knowledge of each Pledgor, no security agreement, financing 
statement or other public notice with respect to all or any part of the 
Collateral is on file or of record in any government or public office, and 
no Pledgor has filed or consented to the filing of any such statement or 
notice, except (i) UCC financing statements naming the Administrative Agent 
as secured party, (ii) security instruments filed in the U.S. Copyright 
Office or the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office naming the Administrative 
Agent as secured party, (iii) filings with respect to which termination 
statements and other necessary releases have been delivered to the 
Administrative Agent for filing, and (iv) as may be otherwise permitted by 
the Credit Agreement, including, without limitation, with respect to 
Permitted Liens.

3.2    Security Interests; Filings. This Agreement, together with (i) the 
filing, with respect to each Pledgor, of duly completed UCC financing 
statements naming such Pledgor as debtor, the Administrative Agent as 
secured party, and describing the Collateral, in the jurisdictions set 
forth with respect to such Pledgor on Annex A hereto, (ii) to the extent 
required by applicable law, the filing, with respect to each relevant 
Pledgor, of duly completed and executed assignments in the forms set forth 
as Exhibits A and B with the U.S. Copyright Office or the U.S. Patent and 
Trademark Office, as appropriate, with regard to registered Copyright 
Collateral, Patent Collateral and Trademark Collateral of such Pledgor, as 
the case may be, (iii) in the case of uncertificated Pledged Interests that 
constitute Collateral consisting of capital stock constituting securities 
under Article 8 of the UCC, registration of transfer thereof to the 
Administrative Agent on the issuers books or the execution by the issuer 
of a control agreement satisfying the requirements of Section 8-106 (or its 
successor provision) of the UCC, and (iv) the delivery to the 
Administrative Agent of all stock certificates and Instruments included in 
the Collateral (and assuming continued possession thereof by the 
Administrative Agent), creates, and at all times shall constitute, a valid 
and perfected security interest in and Lien upon the Collateral in favor of 
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to the 
extent a security interest therein can be perfected by such filings or 
possession, as applicable, superior and prior to the rights of all other 
Persons therein (except for Permitted Liens), and no other or additional 
filings, registrations, recordings or actions are or shall be necessary or 
appropriate in order to maintain the perfection and priority of such Lien 
and security interest, other than (x) actions required with respect to 
Collateral of the types excluded from Article 9 of the UCC or from the 
filing requirements under such Article 9 by reason of Section 9-109, 9-309 
or 9-310 of the UCC and other than continuation statements required under 
the UCC, (y) other than as set forth in clause (z) below, any filings, 
recordations, notices or other actions outside of the United States that 
are necessary or desirable to be taken with respect to the granting or 
perfection of security interests or Liens in any of the Collateral or 
otherwise with respect to the performance of any obligations of any Pledgor 
hereunder, and (z) with respect to Crawford UK Holdco and Crawford & 
Company Adjusters Limited, presentation of the particulars of this 
Agreement to the Registrar of Companies pursuant to section 860 of the 
United Kingdom Companies Act 2006 within the period of 21 days beginning 
with the day after the date of the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, together with a certified copy of this Agreement and fee.

3.3    Locations. Annex B lists, as to each Pledgor, (i) its exact legal 
name, (ii) the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, its 
federal tax identification number, and (if applicable) its organizational 
identification number and (iii) the addresses of its chief executive
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
office, which is the location of all material original invoices, ledgers, 
Chattel Paper, Instruments and other records or information evidencing or 
relating to the Collateral of such Pledgor, in each instance except for any 
changes thereto made in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.2. 
Except as may be otherwise noted therein, all locations identified in 
Annex B are either leased or owned by the applicable Pledgor. As of the 
Closing Date, no Pledgor (x) presently conducts business under any prior or 
other corporate or company name or under any trade or fictitious names, 
except as indicated beneath its name on Annex B, (y) has entered into any 
contract or granted any Lien within the past five years under any name 
other than its legal corporate name or a trade or fictitious name indicated 
on Annex B, or (z) has filed any tax return under any name other than its 
exact legal name, except as indicated beneath its name on Annex B.

3.4    Authorization; Consent. No authorization, consent or approval of, or 
declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority (including, without 
limitation, any notice filing with state tax or revenue authorities 
required to be made by account creditors in order to enforce any Accounts 
in such state) is required for, and no statutory or regulatory 
restrictions, prohibitions or limitations exist on, the valid execution, 
delivery and performance by any Pledgor of this Agreement, the grant by it 
of the Lien and security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent 
provided for herein, or the exercise by the Administrative Agent of its 
rights and remedies hereunder, except for (i) the filings described in 
Section 3.2, (ii) in the case of Accounts that constitute Collateral owing 
from any federal governmental agency or authority, the filing by the 
Administrative Agent of a notice of assignment in accordance with the 
federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended, (iii) in the case of 
Pledged Interests that constitute Collateral, such filings and approvals as 
may be required in connection with a disposition of any such Pledged 
Interests by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally, 
and (iv) in the case of the exercise of any rights and remedies under this 
Agreement in relation to the Pledged Interests issued by the UK Borrower or 
any direct or indirect parent company of the UK Borrower, any obligation to 
seek or obtain the prior approval of and/or notify the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority and the UK Prudential Regulation Authority (or any successor or 
replacement authority (or any other regulator to which the relevant entity 
becomes subject)) pursuant to Part XII of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (headed Control over Authorised Persons).

3.5    No Contractual Restrictions. There are no contractual restrictions 
on any Pledgors ability to grant such Lien and security interest.

3.6    Accounts. Each Account is, or at the time it arises will be, (i) if 
such Account is material to the Pledgors, a bona fide, valid and legally 
enforceable indebtedness of the account debtor according to its terms, 
arising out of or in connection with the sale, lease or performance of 
Goods or services by the Pledgors or any of them, and (ii) not evidenced by 
any Tangible Chattel Paper or other Instrument with a face amount in excess 
of $500,000 unless such Tangible Chattel Paper or other Instrument has been 
duly endorsed to the order of the Administrative Agent and delivered to the 
Administrative Agent to be held as Collateral hereunder. To the knowledge 
of each Pledgor, there are no facts, events or occurrences that would in 
any way impair the validity or enforcement of any material Accounts except 
as set forth above.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.7    Pledged Interests. As of the date hereof, the Pledged Interests 
required to be pledged hereunder by each Pledgor consist of the number and 
type of shares of capital stock (in the case of issuers that are 
corporations) or the percentage and type of other equity interests (in the 
case of issuers other than corporations) as described beneath such 
Pledgors name in Annex C. All of such Pledged Interests have been duly and 
validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable (or, in the case of 
partnership, limited liability company or similar Pledged Interests, not 
subject to any capital call or other additional capital requirement) and 
not subject to any preemptive rights, warrants, options or similar rights 
or restrictions in favor of third parties or any contractual or other 
restrictions upon transfer. As to each issuer thereof, the Pledged 
Interests pledged hereunder constitute 100% of the outstanding capital 
stock of or other equity interests in such issuer, except as set forth in 
Annex C.

3.8    Intellectual Property. Annexes D, E and F correctly set forth all 
Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks registered with the U.S. Copyright 
Office or the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office owned by any Pledgor as of 
the date hereof (and as amended from time to time pursuant to Section 4.7) 
and used or proposed to be used in its business. Each such Pledgor owns or 
possesses the valid right to use all Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks 
necessary for the conduct of its business; all registrations therefor have 
been validly issued under applicable law and are in full force and effect; 
no claim has been made in writing or, to the knowledge of such Pledgor, 
orally, that any of such Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks is invalid or 
unenforceable or violates or infringes the rights of any other Person, and, 
to the knowledge of such Pledgor, there is no such violation or 
infringement in existence; and to the knowledge of such Pledgor, no other 
Person is presently infringing upon the rights of the applicable Pledgor 
with regard to any of such Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks.

3.9    Deposit Accounts. Annex G lists, as of the date hereof, all Deposit 
Accounts maintained by any Pledgor (other than Excluded Accounts), and 
lists in each case the name in which the account is held, the name of the 
depository institution, the account number, and a description of the type 
or purpose of the account.

3.10    Securities and Commodity Accounts. Annex H lists, as of the date 
hereof, all Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts maintained by any 
Pledgor (other than Excluded Accounts) with any Securities Intermediary or 
Commodity Intermediary, and lists in each case the name in which the 
account is held, the name of the Securities Intermediary or Commodity 
Intermediary, the account number, and a description of the type or purpose 
of the account.

3.11    Documents of Title. As of the date hereof, no bill of lading, 
warehouse receipt or other Document or Instrument of title is outstanding 
with respect to any Collateral other than Inventory in transit in the 
ordinary course of business to a location set forth on Annex B or to a 
customer of a Pledgor.

3.12    Commercial Tort Claims. Annex I lists, as of the date hereof and to 
the knowledge of each Pledgor, all Commercial Tort Claims in its favor in 
excess of $5,000,000 existing in favor of any Pledgor.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS

4.1    Use and Disposition of Collateral. So long as no Event of Default 
shall have occurred and be continuing, each Pledgor may, in any lawful 
manner not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement and the other 
Credit Documents, use, control and manage the Collateral in the operation 
of its businesses, and receive and use the income, revenue and profits 
arising therefrom and the Proceeds thereof, in the same manner and with the 
same effect as if this Agreement had not been made; provided, however, that 
no Pledgor will sell or otherwise dispose of, grant any option with respect 
to, or mortgage, pledge or grant any Lien with respect to any of the 
Collateral or any interest therein, except for the security interest 
created in favor of the Administrative Agent hereunder and except as may be 
otherwise permitted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the 
Credit Agreement (including any applicable provisions therein regarding 
delivery of proceeds of sale or disposition to the Administrative Agent).

4.2    Change of Name, Locations, etc. No Pledgor will (i) change its name, 
identity or organizational type, (ii) change its chief executive office 
from the location thereof listed on Annex B, (iii) change the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or organization from the jurisdiction listed on Annex 
B (whether by merger or otherwise), (iv) file any document with the 
Internal Revenue Service using any name other than its exact legal name 
listed on Annex B, or (v) move any original invoices, ledgers, Chattel 
Paper, Instruments and other books, records or information evidencing or 
relating to the Collateral of such Pledgor, to a location not listed on 
Annex B, or keep or maintain any such Collateral or books, records or other 
information at a location not listed on Annex B, unless in each case such 
Pledgor has (1) given ten Business Days (or such shorter period as the 
Administrative Agent may agree) prior written notice to the Administrative 
Agent of its intention to do so, together with information regarding any 
such new location and such other information in connection with such 
proposed action as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (2) 
delivered to the Administrative Agent at least three Business Days (or such 
shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree) prior to any such 
change or removal such documents, instruments and financing statements as 
may be required by the Administrative Agent, all in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, paid all necessary filing and 
recording fees and taxes, and taken all other actions reasonably requested 
by the Administrative Agent, in order to perfect and maintain the Lien upon 
and security interest in the Collateral provided for herein in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 3.2.

4.3    Accounts. Unless notified otherwise by the Administrative Agent in 
accordance with the terms hereof, each Pledgor shall endeavor to collect 
its Accounts and all amounts owing to it thereunder in accordance with 
business practices consistent with the historical business practices of 
such Pledgor as of the date hereof. At any time after the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Pledgor shall promptly 
(and in any event within ten Business Days) notify the Administrative Agent 
in writing of Accounts, General Intangibles or Chattel Paper that 
constitutes Collateral that constitute claims against a federal 
governmental agency or authority and, upon request of the Administrative 
Agent but only to the extent not prohibited by the terms of the contract 
with the federal governmental agency or authority related thereto or 
Requirements of Law, such Pledgor shall use commercially reasonable efforts 
to comply with the federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940 or other 
applicable law with respect thereto.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.4    Delivery of Certain Collateral; Further Actions. All Instruments 
with a face amount in excess of $500,000 and certificates included in the 
Collateral representing or evidencing any Accounts, Investment Property or 
other Collateral shall be delivered promptly to the Administrative Agent 
pursuant hereto to be held as Collateral hereunder, shall be in form 
suitable for transfer by delivery and shall be delivered together with 
undated stock powers duly executed in blank, appropriate endorsements or 
other necessary instruments of registration, transfer or assignment, duly 
executed and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent, and in each case together with such other instruments or documents 
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

4.5    Equipment. Each Pledgor will, in accordance with business practices 
consistent with the historical business practices of such Pledgor as of the 
date hereof, maintain all material Equipment that is Collateral used by it 
in its business (other than obsolete or worn-out Equipment) in good repair, 
working order and condition (normal wear and tear excepted). No Pledgor 
shall knowingly permit any such Equipment to become a Fixture to any real 
property (other than real property the fee interest in which is subject to 
a Mortgage in favor of the Administrative Agent).

4.6    Inventory. Each Pledgor will, in accordance with business practices 
consistent with the historical business practices of such Pledgor as of the 
date hereof, maintain all Inventory that is Collateral held by it or on its 
behalf in good saleable or useable condition. Unless notified otherwise by 
the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms hereof, each Pledgor 
may, in any lawful manner not inconsistent with the provisions of this 
Agreement and the other Credit Documents, process, use and, in the ordinary 
course of business but not otherwise, sell its Inventory.


4.7    Intellectual Property.

(a)    To the extent not delivered pursuant to the Existing Credit 
Agreement, each applicable Pledgor will, at its own expense, execute and 
deliver to the Administrative Agent on the Closing Date fully completed 
assignments in the forms of Exhibits A and B, as applicable, for 
recordation in the U.S. Copyright Office or the U.S. Patent and Trademark 
Office with regard to any Copyright Collateral, Patent Collateral or 
Trademark Collateral registered in the U.S. Copyright Office or the U.S. 
Patent and Trademark Office, as the case may be, described in Annex D, E 
or F hereto. In the event that after the date hereof any Pledgor shall 
acquire any material registered Copyright, Patent or Trademark, or effect 
any registration of any Copyright, Patent or Trademark used in the conduct 
of its business or file any application for registration thereof in the 
U.S. Copyright Office or the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, such Pledgor 
shall furnish written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent in the 
Compliance Certificate delivered for the fiscal quarter of Crawford during 
which such acquisition, registration or application occurs, together with 
information sufficient to permit the Administrative Agent, upon its receipt 
of such notice, to (and each Pledgor hereby authorizes the Administrative 
Agent to) modify this Agreement, as appropriate, by amending Annexes D, E 
and F hereto or to add additional exhibits hereto to include any Copyright, 
Patent or Trademark that becomes part of the
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Collateral under this Agreement, and such Pledgor shall additionally, at 
its own expense, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, as 
promptly as possible (but in any event within ten Business Days or such 
longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree) after the date of 
delivery of notice of such acquisition, registration or application, as 
applicable, with regard to United States Patents, Trademarks and 
Copyrights, fully completed assignments in the forms of Exhibits A and B, 
as applicable, for recordation in the U.S. Copyright Office or the U.S. 
Patent and Trademark Office as more fully described hereinabove, together 
in all instances with any other agreements, instruments and documents that 
the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time to 
further effect and confirm the assignment and security interest created by 
this Agreement in such Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks, and each Pledgor 
hereby appoints the Administrative Agent its attorney-in-fact to execute, 
deliver and record any and all such agreements, instruments and documents 
for the foregoing purposes, all acts of such attorney being hereby ratified 
and confirmed and such power, being coupled with an interest, shall be 
irrevocable for so long as this Agreement shall be in effect with respect 
to such Pledgor.

(b)    Each Pledgor (either itself or through its licensees or its 
sublicensees) will, for each material Trademark used in the conduct of its 
business, use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) maintain such 
Trademark in full force and effect, free from any claim of abandonment or 
invalidity for non-use, (ii) maintain the quality of products and services 
offered under such Trademark, (iii) display such Trademark with notice of 
federal registration to the extent required by applicable law and (iv) not 
knowingly use or knowingly permit the use of such Trademark in violation of 
any third-party rights.

(c)    Each Pledgor (either itself or through its licensees or 
sublicensees) will refrain from committing any act, or omitting any act, 
whereby any material Patent used in the conduct of such Pledgors business 
may become invalidated or dedicated to the public, and shall continue to 
mark any products covered by a Patent with the relevant patent number as 
required by applicable patent laws.

(d)    Each Pledgor (either itself or through its licensees or 
sublicensees) will, for each work covered by a material Copyright used in 
the conduct of such Pledgors business, continue to publish, reproduce, 
display, adopt and distribute the work with appropriate copyright notice as 
required under applicable copyright laws.

(e)    Each Pledgor shall notify the Administrative Agent promptly if it 
knows that any material Patent, Trademark or Copyright used in the conduct 
of its business may become abandoned or dedicated to the public, or of any 
adverse determination or development (including the institution of, or any 
such determination or development in, any proceeding in the U.S. Patent and 
Trademark Office, U.S. Copyright Office or any court) regarding such 
Pledgors ownership of such material Patent, Trademark or Copyright, its 
right to register the same, or to keep and maintain the same.

(f)    Each Pledgor will take all necessary steps that are consistent with 
the practice in any proceeding before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, 
U.S. Copyright Office or any office or agency in any political subdivision 
of the United States, to maintain and pursue each application relating to 
material Patents, Trademarks or Copyrights (and to obtain the relevant 
grant or registration) used in the conduct of such Pledgors business and 
to maintain each
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
registration of such material Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights, including 
the filing of applications for renewal, affidavits of use, affidavits of 
incontestability and maintenance fees, and, if consistent with sound 
business judgment, to initiate opposition, interference and cancellation 
proceedings against third parties.

(g)    In the event that any Collateral consisting of a material Patent, 
Trademark or Copyright used in the conduct of any Pledgors business is 
believed infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third party, such 
Pledgor shall notify the Administrative Agent promptly after it learns 
thereof and shall, if consistent with sound business judgment as determined 
by such Pledgor, promptly sue for infringement, misappropriation or 
dilution and to recover damages for such infringement, misappropriation or 
dilution, and take such other actions as are reasonably necessary under the 
circumstances to protect such Collateral.

(h)    During the continuance of an Event of Default, each Pledgor shall, 
unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, use its reasonable 
best efforts to obtain all requisite consents or approvals from the 
licensor of each material License used in the conduct of its business that 
is Collateral included within the Copyright Collateral, Patent Collateral 
or Trademark Collateral to effect the assignment of all of such Pledgors 
right, title and interest thereunder to the Administrative Agent or its 
designee.

4.8    Deposit Accounts. Each Pledgor agrees that, unless the 
Administrative Agent consents otherwise in writing, it will not open or 
maintain any Deposit Account (other than (i) deposit accounts that are 
swept (A) at least twice per week (or, during the continuance of an Event 
of Default, on a daily basis), with respect to deposit accounts maintained 
in the United States, or (B) on a weekly basis, with respect to deposit 
accounts maintained in any other country, or, in each case, on a less 
frequent basis reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, into 
other deposit accounts as to which the Administrative has a perfected 
security interest pursuant to Section 9-314 of the UCC, (ii) Excluded 
Accounts and (iii) Permitted Accounts) except with the Administrative Agent 
or with another bank or financial institution that has executed and 
delivered to the Administrative Agent a control agreement with respect to 
such Deposit Account in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent.

4.9    Securities and Commodity Accounts. Each Pledgor agrees that, unless 
the Administrative Agent consents otherwise in writing, it will not open or 
maintain any Securities Account or Commodity Account (other than Excluded 
Accounts and Permitted Accounts) unless the Administrative Agent is the 
entitlement holder or Commodity Intermediary or unless the Securities 
Intermediary or Commodity Intermediary (as applicable) has executed and 
delivered to the Administrative Agent a control agreement with respect to 
such Securities Account or Commodity Account in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

4.10    Collateral in Possession of Third Party. Without limiting the 
generality of any other provision of this Agreement, each Pledgor agrees 
that it shall not permit any goods that constitute Collateral the aggregate 
value of which exceeds $1,000,000 to be in the possession of any bailee, 
warehouseman, agent, processor or other third party at any time unless such 
bailee or other Person shall have been notified of the security interest 
created by this Agreement (or, if required under applicable law in order to 
perfect the Administrative Agents security interest in such Collateral, 
such bailee or other Person shall have acknowledged to the Administrative 
Agent in writing that it is holding such Collateral for the benefit of the 
Administrative Agent and subject to such security interest and to the 
instructions of the Administrative Agent).
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.11    Commercial Tort Claims. Each Pledgor agrees that it will, promptly 
upon becoming aware of any Commercial Tort Claim in its favor in excess of 
$5,000,000, furnish to the Administrative Agent a description thereof 
meeting the requirements of Section 9-108(e) of the UCC, execute and 
deliver such documents, financing statements and other instruments, and 
take such other action, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request 
in order to include such Commercial Tort Claim as Collateral hereunder and 
to perfect the security interest of the Administrative Agent therein.

4.12    Protection of Security Interest. Each Pledgor agrees that it will, 
at its own cost and expense, take any and all actions reasonably necessary 
to warrant and defend the right, title and interest of the Secured Parties 
in and to the Collateral against the claims and demands of all other 
Persons.


ARTICLE V

CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO PLEDGED INTERESTS

5.1    After-Acquired Equity Interests; Ownership.

(a)    If any Pledgor shall, at any time and from time to time after the 
date hereof, acquire Collateral consisting of additional capital stock or 
other Pledged Interests that constitute Collateral in any Person of the 
types described in the definition of the term Pledged Interests, the same 
shall be automatically deemed to be Pledged Interests hereunder, and to be 
pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.1 (subject, in 
the case of Pledged Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries to the limitation set 
forth in the proviso in Section 2.1(xviii)), and such Pledgor will promptly 
pledge and deposit the same with the Administrative Agent and deliver to 
the Administrative Agent any certificates therefor, together with undated 
stock powers or other necessary instruments of transfer or assignment, duly 
executed in blank and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent, together with such other certificates and instruments 
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (including UCC financing 
statements or appropriate amendments thereto), and will promptly thereafter 
deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully completed and duly executed 
amendment to this Agreement in the form of Exhibit D (each, a Pledge 
Amendment) in respect thereof. Each Pledgor hereby authorizes the 
Administrative Agent to attach each such Pledge Amendment to this 
Agreement, and agrees that all such Collateral listed on any Pledge 
Amendment shall for all purposes be deemed Collateral hereunder and shall 
be subject to the provisions hereof; provided that the failure of any 
Pledgor to execute and deliver any Pledge Amendment with respect to any 
such additional Collateral as required hereinabove shall not impair the 
security interest of the Administrative Agent in such Collateral or 
otherwise adversely affect the rights and remedies of the Administrative 
Agent hereunder with respect thereto.

(b)    If any Pledged Interests (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) 
included in the Collateral are uncertificated securities within the 
meaning of the UCC and that have a value in excess of $1,000,000, each 
applicable Pledgor will promptly notify the Administrative
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agent thereof and will promptly take and cause to be taken, and will (if 
the issuer of such uncertificated securities is a Person other than a 
Subsidiary of Crawford) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the 
issuer to take, all actions required under Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC and 
any other applicable law, to enable the Administrative Agent to acquire 
control of such uncertificated securities (within the meaning of such 
term under Section 8-106 (or its successor provision) of the UCC) and as 
may be otherwise necessary to perfect the security interest of the 
Administrative Agent therein.

5.2    Voting Rights. Each Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise all voting 
and other consensual rights pertaining to its Pledged Interests that 
constitute Collateral (subject to its obligations under Section 5.1(a)), 
and, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the 
Administrative Agent will execute and deliver or cause to be executed and 
delivered to each applicable Pledgor all such proxies and other instruments 
as such Pledgor may reasonably request in writing to enable such Pledgor to 
exercise such voting and other consensual rights; provided, however, that 
no Pledgor will cast any vote, give any consent, waiver or ratification, or 
take or fail to take any action, in any manner that could reasonably be 
expected to violate any of the terms of this Agreement, the Credit 
Agreement or any other Credit Document or have the effect of materially and 
adversely impairing the position or interests of the Secured Parties 
(except as otherwise permitted under the Credit Agreement).

5.3    Dividends and Other Distributions. Except as provided otherwise 
herein, all interest, income, dividends, distributions and other amounts 
payable in cash in respect of the Pledged Interests may be paid to and 
retained by the Pledgors in a manner consistent with the Credit Agreement; 
provided, however, that all such interest, income, dividends, distributions 
and other amounts with respect to Pledged Interests constituting Collateral 
shall, at all times after the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default, be paid to the Administrative Agent and retained by it as 
part of the Collateral (except to the extent applied upon receipt to the 
repayment of the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms of the 
Credit Agreement). During the existence of any Event of Default, the 
Administrative Agent shall also be entitled at all times to receive 
directly, and to retain as part of the Collateral, (i) all interest, 
income, dividends, distributions or other amounts paid or payable in cash 
or other property in respect of any Pledged Interests that constitute 
Collateral in connection with the dissolution, liquidation, 
recapitalization or reclassification of the capital of the applicable 
issuer to the extent representing (in the reasonable judgment of the 
Administrative Agent) an extraordinary, liquidating or other distribution 
in return of capital, (ii) all additional Pledged Interests or other 
securities or property (other than cash) paid or payable or distributed or 
distributable in respect of any Pledged Interests that constitute 
Collateral in connection with any noncash dividend, distribution, return of 
capital, spin-off, stock split, split-up, reclassification, combination of 
shares or interests or similar rearrangement, and (iii) without affecting 
any restrictions against such actions contained in the Credit Agreement, 
all additional Pledged Interests or other securities or property (including 
cash) paid or payable or distributed or distributable in respect of any 
Pledged Interests that constitute Collateral in connection with any 
consolidation, merger, exchange of securities, liquidation or other 
reorganization. All interest, income, dividends, distributions or other 
amounts that are received by any Pledgor in violation of the provisions of 
this Section shall be received in trust for the benefit of the 
Administrative Agent, shall be segregated from other property or funds of 
such Pledgor and shall be forthwith delivered to the Administrative Agent 
as Collateral in the same form as so received (with any necessary 
endorsements). Any and all
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
money and other property paid over to or received by the Administrative 
Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Section shall be retained by the 
Administrative Agent in a Collateral Account (as hereinafter defined) upon 
receipt of such money or other property and shall be applied in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 6.2. The Administrative Agent shall, within 
five Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived, 
repay to each applicable Pledgor all cash interest, income, dividends, 
distributions and other amounts that such Pledgor would otherwise be 
permitted to retain pursuant to the provisions of this Section and that 
remain in such Collateral Account.

ARTICLE VI

REMEDIES

6.1    Remedies. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to exercise in 
respect of the Collateral all of its rights, powers and remedies provided 
for herein or otherwise available to it under any other Credit Document, by 
law, in equity or otherwise, including all rights and remedies of a secured 
party under the UCC, and shall be entitled in particular, but without 
limitation of the foregoing, to exercise the following rights, which each 
Pledgor agrees to be commercially reasonable:

(a)    To notify any or all account debtors or obligors under any Accounts, 
Contracts or other Collateral of the security interest in favor of the 
Administrative Agent created hereby and to direct all such Persons to make 
payments of all amounts due thereon or thereunder directly to the 
Administrative Agent or to an account designated by the Administrative 
Agent; and in such instance and from and after such notice, all amounts and 
Proceeds (including wire transfers, checks and other Instruments) received 
by any Pledgor in respect of any Accounts, Contracts or other Collateral 
shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent 
hereunder, shall be segregated from the other funds of such Pledgor and 
shall be forthwith deposited into such account or paid over or delivered to 
the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any 
necessary endorsements or assignments), to be held as Collateral and 
applied to the Secured Obligations as provided herein; and by this 
provision, each Pledgor irrevocably authorizes and directs each Person who 
is or shall be a party to or liable for the performance of any Contract, 
upon receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent to the effect that an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to attorn to or otherwise 
recognize the Administrative Agent as owner under such Contract and to pay, 
observe and otherwise perform the obligations under such Contract to or for 
the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agents designee as though 
the Administrative Agent or such designee were such Pledgor named therein, 
and to do so until otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent;

(b)    To take possession of, receive, endorse, assign and deliver, in its 
own name or in the name of any Pledgor, all checks, notes, drafts and other 
Instruments relating to any Collateral, including receiving, opening and 
properly disposing of all mail addressed to any Pledgor concerning Accounts 
and other Collateral; to verify with account debtors or other contract 
parties the validity, amount or any other matter relating to any Accounts 
or other Collateral, in its own name or in the name of any Pledgor; to 
accelerate any indebtedness or other obligation constituting Collateral 
that may be accelerated in accordance with its terms; to take or bring all 
actions and suits deemed necessary or appropriate to effect collections and 
to enforce
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
payment of any Accounts or other Collateral; to settle, compromise or 
release in whole or in part any amounts owing on Accounts or other 
Collateral; and to extend the time of payment of any and all Accounts or 
other amounts owing under any Collateral and to make allowances and 
adjustments with respect thereto, all in the same manner and to the same 
extent as any Pledgor might have done;

(c)    To notify any or all depository institutions with which any Deposit 
Accounts constituting Collateral are maintained and which Deposit Accounts 
are subject to Control in favor of the Administrative Agent to remit and 
transfer all monies, securities and other property on deposit in such 
Deposit Accounts or deposited or received for deposit thereafter to the 
Administrative Agent, for deposit in a Collateral Account or such other 
accounts as may be designated by the Administrative Agent, for application 
to the Secured Obligations as provided herein;

(d)    To transfer to or register in its name or the name of any of its 
Administrative Agents or nominees all or any part of the Collateral, 
without notice to any Pledgor and with or without disclosing that such 
Collateral is subject to the security interest created hereunder;

(e)    To require any Pledgor to, and each Pledgor hereby agrees that it 
will at its expense and upon request of the Administrative Agent forthwith, 
assemble all or any part of the Collateral as directed by the 
Administrative Agent and make it available to the Administrative Agent at a 
place designated by the Administrative Agent;

(f)    To enter and remain upon the premises of any Pledgor and take 
possession of all or any part of the Collateral, with or without judicial 
process; to use the materials, services, books and records of any Pledgor 
for the purpose of liquidating or collecting the Collateral, whether by 
foreclosure, auction or otherwise; and to remove the same to the premises 
of the Administrative Agent or any designated agent for such time as the 
Administrative Agent may desire, in order to effectively collect or 
liquidate the Collateral;

(g)    To exercise (i) all voting, consensual and other rights and powers 
pertaining to the Pledged Interests that constitute Collateral (whether or 
not transferred into the name of the Administrative Agent), at any meeting 
of shareholders, partners, members or otherwise, and (ii) any and all 
rights of conversion, exchange, subscription and any other rights, 
privileges or options pertaining to such Pledged Interests as if it were 
the absolute owner thereof (including, without limitation, the right to 
exchange at its discretion any and all of the Pledged Interests that 
constitute Collateral upon the merger, consolidation, reorganization, 
reclassification, combination of shares or interests, similar rearrangement 
or other similar fundamental change in the structure of the applicable 
issuer, or upon the exercise by any Pledgor or the Administrative Agent of 
any right, privilege or option pertaining to such Pledged Interests), and 
in connection therewith, the right to deposit and deliver any and all of 
such Pledged Interests with any committee, depositary, transfer agent, 
registrar or other designated agency upon such terms and conditions as the 
Administrative Agent may determine, and give all consents, waivers and 
ratifications in respect of such Pledged Interests, all without liability 
except to account for any property actually received by it, but the 
Administrative Agent shall have no duty to exercise any such right, 
privilege or option or give any such consent, waiver or ratification and 
shall not be responsible for any failure to do so or delay in so doing; and 
for the foregoing purposes each
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pledgor will promptly execute and deliver or cause to be executed and 
delivered to the Administrative Agent, upon request, all such proxies and 
other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to 
enable the Administrative Agent to exercise such rights and powers; AND IN 
FURTHERANCE OF THE FOREGOING AND WITHOUT LIMITATION THEREOF, EACH PLEDGOR 
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSTITUTES AND APPOINTS THE ADMINISTATIVE AGENT AS THE 
TRUE AND LAWFUL PROXY AND ATTORNEY-IN-FACT OF SUCH PLEDGOR, WITH FULL POWER 
OF SUBSTITUTION IN THE PREMISES, TO EXERCISE ALL SUCH VOTING, CONSENSUAL 
AND OTHER RIGHTS AND POWERS TO WHICH ANY HOLDER OF ANY PLEDGED INTERESTS 
THAT CONSTITUE COLLATERAL WOULD BE ENTITLED BY VIRTUE OF HOLDING THE SAME, 
WHICH PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY, BEING COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST, IS 
IRREVOCABLE AND SHALL BE EFFECTIVE FOR SO LONG AS THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE 
IN EFFECT; and

(h)    To sell, resell, assign and deliver, in its sole discretion, all or 
any of the Collateral, in one or more parcels, on any securities exchange 
on which any Pledged Interests that constitute Collateral may be listed, at 
public or private sale, at any of the Administrative Agents offices or 
elsewhere, for cash, upon credit or for future delivery, at such time or 
times and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the 
Administrative Agent may deem satisfactory. If any of the Collateral is 
sold by the Administrative Agent upon credit or for future delivery, the 
Administrative Agent shall not be liable for the failure of the purchaser 
to purchase or pay for the same and, in the event of any such failure, the 
Administrative Agent may resell such Collateral. In no event shall any 
Pledgor be credited with any part of the Proceeds of sale of any Collateral 
until and to the extent cash payment in respect thereof has actually been 
received by the Administrative Agent. Each purchaser at any such sale shall 
hold the property sold absolutely, free from any claim or right of 
whatsoever kind, including any equity or right of redemption of any 
Pledgor, and each Pledgor hereby expressly waives all rights of redemption, 
stay or appraisal, and all rights to require the Administrative Agent to 
marshal any assets in favor of such Pledgor or any other party or against 
or in payment of any or all of the Secured Obligations, that it has or may 
have under any rule of law or statute now existing or hereafter adopted. No 
demand, presentment, protest, advertisement or notice of any kind (except 
any notice required by law, as referred to below), all of which are hereby 
expressly waived by each Pledgor, shall be required in connection with any 
sale or other disposition of any part of the Collateral. If any notice of a 
proposed sale or other disposition of any part of the Collateral shall be 
required under applicable law, the Administrative Agent shall give the 
applicable Pledgor at least ten days prior notice of the time and place of 
any public sale and of the time after which any private sale or other 
disposition is to be made, which notice each Pledgor agrees is commercially 
reasonable. The Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to make any 
sale of Collateral if it shall determine not to do so, regardless of the 
fact that notice of sale may have been given. The Administrative Agent may, 
without notice or publication, adjourn any public or private sale or cause 
the same to be adjourned from time to time by announcement at the time and 
place fixed for sale, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at 
the time and place to which the same was so adjourned. Upon each public 
sale and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon each private 
sale, the Administrative Agent may purchase all or any of the Collateral 
being sold, free from any equity, right of redemption or other claim or 
demand, and may make payment therefor by endorsement and application 
(without recourse) of the Secured Obligations in lieu of cash as a credit 
on account of the purchase price for such Collateral.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.2    Application of Proceeds.

(a)    All Proceeds collected by the Administrative Agent upon any sale, 
other disposition of or realization upon any of the Collateral, together 
with all other moneys received by the Administrative Agent hereunder, shall 
be applied in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit 
Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, proceeds from any sales of, 
collection from or other realization of any Foreign Collateral pursuant to 
the exercise by the Administrative Agent of its remedies hereunder shall be 
applied only to the Secured Obligations constituting Foreign Subsidiary 
Obligations in accordance with Section 2.12(f) of the Credit Agreement, 
unless application thereto to the U.S. Obligations is permitted under and 
in accordance with Section 2.12(g) of the Credit Agreement. For purposes of 
applying amounts in accordance with this Section 6.2, the Administrative 
Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any Secured Party that has entered 
into a Permitted Hedge Agreement or Cash Management Agreement with any 
Consolidated Entity for a determination (which such Secured Party agrees to 
provide or cause to be provided upon request of the Administrative Agent) 
of the outstanding Secured Obligations owed to such Secured Party under any 
such Permitted Hedge Agreement or Cash Management Agreement. Unless it has 
actual knowledge (including by way of written notice from any such Secured 
Party) to the contrary, the Administrative Agent, in acting hereunder, 
shall be entitled to assume that no Permitted Hedge Agreements or Cash 
Management Agreements, or Secured Obligations in respect thereof, are in 
existence between any Secured Party and any Consolidated Entity. If any 
Lender or Affiliate thereof that is a party to a Permitted Hedge Agreement 
or Cash Management Agreement with any Consolidated Entity (the obligations 
of such Consolidated Entity under which are Secured Obligations) ceases to 
be a Lender or Affiliate thereof, such former Lender or Affiliate thereof 
shall nevertheless continue to be a Secured Party hereunder with respect to 
the Secured Obligations under such Permitted Hedge Agreement or Cash 
Management Agreement.

(b)    In the event that the proceeds of any such sale, disposition or 
realization are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured 
Parties are legally entitled, the Pledgors shall be jointly and severally 
liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon at the highest 
rate specified in any applicable Credit Document for interest on overdue 
principal or such other rate as shall be fixed by applicable law, together 
with the costs of collection and all other fees, costs and expenses payable 
hereunder.

(c)    Upon any sale of any Collateral hereunder by the Administrative 
Agent (whether by virtue of the power of sale herein granted, pursuant to 
judicial proceeding, or otherwise), the receipt of the Administrative Agent 
or the officer making the sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the 
purchaser or purchasers of the Collateral so sold, and such purchaser or 
purchasers shall not be obligated to see to the application of any part of 
the purchase money paid over to the Administrative Agent or such officer or 
be answerable in any way for the misapplication thereof.

6.3    Collateral Accounts. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance 
of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall have the right to 
cause to be established and maintained, at its principal office or such 
other location or locations as it may establish from time to time in its 
discretion, one or more accounts (collectively, Collateral Accounts) for 
the collection of cash Proceeds of the Collateral. Such Proceeds, when 
deposited, shall continue to constitute Collateral for the Secured 
Obligations and shall not constitute payment thereof until
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
applied as herein provided. The Administrative Agent shall have sole 
dominion and control over all funds deposited in any Collateral Account, 
and such funds may be withdrawn therefrom only by the Administrative Agent. 
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the 
Administrative Agent shall apply amounts held in the Collateral Accounts in 
payment of the Secured Obligations in the manner provided for in Section 
6.2.

6.4    Grant of License. Each Pledgor hereby grants to the Administrative 
Agent an irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable without payment of 
royalty or other compensation to any Pledgor) to use, license or sublicense 
any Patent Collateral, Trademark Collateral or Copyright Collateral now 
owned or licensed or hereafter acquired or licensed by such Pledgor, 
wherever the same may be located throughout the world, for such term or 
terms, on such conditions and in such manner as the Administrative Agent 
shall determine, whether general, special or otherwise, and whether on an 
exclusive or nonexclusive basis, and including in such license reasonable 
access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or 
stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation 
or printout thereof. The use of such license or sublicense by the 
Administrative Agent shall be exercised, at the option of the 
Administrative Agent, only upon the occurrence and during the continuation 
of an Event of Default; provided that any license, sublicense or other 
transaction entered into by the Administrative Agent in accordance herewith 
shall be binding upon each applicable Pledgor notwithstanding any 
subsequent cure of an Event of Default.


6.5    Private Sales.

(a)    Each Pledgor recognizes that the Administrative Agent may be 
compelled, at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of 
an Event of Default, to conduct any sale of all or any part of the Pledged 
Interests that constitute Collateral without registering or qualifying such 
Pledged Interests under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act), 
and/or any applicable state securities laws in effect at such time. Each 
Pledgor acknowledges that any such private sales may be made in such manner 
and under such circumstances as the Administrative Agent may deem necessary 
or advisable in its sole and absolute discretion, including at prices and 
on terms that might be less favorable than those obtainable through a 
public sale without such restrictions (including, without limitation, a 
public offering made pursuant to a registration statement under the 
Securities Act), and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any 
such sale shall not be deemed not to have been made in a commercially 
reasonable manner solely because it was conducted as a private sale, and 
agrees that the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to conduct 
any public sales and no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged 
Interests that constitute Collateral for the period of time necessary to 
permit its registration for public sale under the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws, and shall not have any responsibility or 
liability as a result of its election so not to conduct any such public 
sales or delay the sale of any Pledged Interests that constitute 
Collateral, notwithstanding the possibility that a substantially higher 
price might be realized if the sale were deferred until after such 
registration. Each Pledgor hereby waives any claims against the 
Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party arising by reason of the 
fact that the price at which any Pledged Interests may have been sold at 
any private sale was less than the price that might have been obtained at a 
public sale or was less than the aggregate amount of the Secured 
Obligations, even if the Administrative Agent accepts the first offer 
received and does not offer such Pledged Interests to more than one 
offeree.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    Each Pledgor agrees that a breach of any of the covenants contained 
in this Section will cause irreparable injury to the Administrative Agent 
and the other Secured Parties, that the Administrative Agent and the other 
Secured Parties have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach 
and, as a consequence, that each and every covenant contained in this 
Section shall be specifically enforceable against the Pledgors.

6.6    The Pledgors Remain Liable. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, (i) each Pledgor shall remain liable under all Contracts to which 
it is a party included within the Collateral (including, without 
limitation, all Ownership Agreements) to perform all of its obligations 
thereunder to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, 
(ii) the exercise by the Administrative Agent of any of its rights or 
remedies hereunder shall not release any Pledgor from any of its 
obligations under any of such Contracts, and (iii) except as specifically 
provided for hereinbelow, the Administrative Agent shall not have any 
obligation or liability by reason of this Agreement under any of such 
Contracts, nor shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to perform any 
of the obligations or duties of any Pledgor thereunder or to take any 
action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder. The 
powers, rights and remedies conferred on the Administrative Agent hereunder 
are solely to protect its interest and privilege in such Contracts, as 
Collateral, and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such 
powers, rights or remedies.

6.7    Waivers. Each Pledgor, to the greatest extent not prohibited by 
applicable law, hereby (i) agrees that it will not invoke, claim or assert 
the benefit of any rule of law or statute now or hereafter in effect 
(including, without limitation, any right to prior notice or judicial 
hearing in connection with the Administrative Agents possession, custody 
or disposition of any Collateral or any appraisal, valuation, stay, 
extension, moratorium or redemption law), or take or omit to take any other 
action, that would or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of 
delaying, impeding or preventing the exercise of any rights and remedies in 
respect of the Collateral, the absolute sale of any of the Collateral or 
the possession thereof by any purchaser at any sale thereof, and waives the 
benefit of all such laws and further agrees that it will not hinder, delay 
or impede the execution of any power granted hereunder to the 
Administrative Agent, but that it will permit the execution of every such 
power as though no such laws were in effect, (ii) waives all rights that it 
has or may have under any rule of law or statute now existing or hereafter 
adopted to require the Administrative Agent to marshal any Collateral or 
other assets in favor of such Pledgor or any other party or against or in 
payment of any or all of the Secured Obligations, and (iii) waives all 
rights that it has or may have under any rule of law or statute now 
existing or hereafter adopted to demand, presentment, protest, 
advertisement or notice of any kind (except notices expressly provided for 
herein). In addition, each Pledgor agrees not to exercise any and all 
rights of contribution or subrogation upon the sale or disposition of all 
or any portion of the Collateral by the Administrative Agent until the 
occurrence of the Termination Requirements.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VII

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

7.1    The Administrative Agent; Standard of Care. The Administrative Agent 
will hold all items of the Collateral at any time received under this 
Agreement in accordance with the provisions hereof. The obligations of the 
Administrative Agent as holder of the Collateral and interests therein and 
with respect to the disposition thereof, and otherwise under this Agreement 
and the other Credit Documents, are only those expressly set forth in this 
Agreement and the other Credit Documents. The Administrative Agent shall 
act hereunder at the direction, or with the consent, of the Required 
Lenders on the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement. The 
powers conferred on the Administrative Agent hereunder are solely to 
protect its interest, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral, 
and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. Except 
for treatment of the Collateral in its possession in a manner substantially 
equivalent to that which the Administrative Agent, in its individual 
capacity, accords its own property of a similar nature, and the accounting 
for monies actually received by it hereunder, the Administrative Agent 
shall have no duty as to any Collateral or as to the taking of any 
necessary steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any other 
rights pertaining to the Collateral. Neither the Administrative Agent nor 
any other Secured Party shall be liable to any Pledgor (i) for any loss or 
damage sustained by such Pledgor, or (ii) for any loss, damage, 
depreciation or other diminution in the value of any of the Collateral that 
may occur as a result of or in connection with or that is in any way 
related to any exercise by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured 
Party of any right or remedy under this Agreement, any failure to demand, 
collect or realize upon any of the Collateral or any delay in doing so, or 
any other act or failure to act on the part of the Administrative Agent or 
any other Secured Party, except to the extent that the same is caused by 
its own gross negligence or willful misconduct or results from a claim 
brought by such Pledgor against the Administrative Agent or such Secured 
Party, as the case may be, for breach in bad faith of such Persons 
obligations hereunder or under any other Credit Document, if such Pledgor 
has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim 
as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.


7.2    Further Assurances; Attorney-in-Fact.

(a)    Each Pledgor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent 
at any time and from time to time to file in any filing office in any UCC 
jurisdiction any financing statements and amendments thereto that (a) 
indicate the Collateral (i) as all assets of such Pledgor or words of 
similar effect, regardless of whether any particular asset included within 
the Collateral falls within the scope of Article 9 of the UCC of any such 
jurisdiction, or (ii) as being of an equal or lesser scope or with greater 
detail, and (b) provide any other information required by Part 5 of Article 
9 of the UCC for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any 
financing statement or amendment.

(b)    Each Pledgor agrees that it will do such further acts and things 
(including, without limitation, making any notice filings with state tax or 
revenue authorities required to be made by account creditors in order to 
enforce any Accounts in such state) and to execute and deliver to the 
Administrative Agent such additional conveyances, assignments, agreements 
and instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require or deem 
advisable to perfect, establish, confirm and maintain the security interest 
and Lien provided for herein, to carry out the purposes of this Agreement 
or to further assure and confirm unto the Administrative Agent its rights, 
powers and remedies hereunder; provided, however, that no Pledgor shall be 
obligated or required to take any action outside of the United States to 
perfect, establish, confirm or maintain the security interest or Lien 
provided for herein or otherwise with respect to the performance of any 
obligations of any Pledgor hereunder, except with respect to the pledge of 
the Capital Stock of the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    Each Pledgor hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent 
its lawful attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of 
such Pledgor and in the name of such Pledgor, the Administrative Agent or 
otherwise, and with full power of substitution in the premises (which power 
of attorney, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable for so long as 
this Agreement shall be in effect), from time to time in the Administrative 
Agents discretion after the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default (except for the actions described in clause (i) below, 
which may be taken by the Administrative Agent without regard to whether an 
Event of Default has occurred) to take any action and to execute any 
instruments that the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or advisable 
to accomplish the purpose of this Agreement, including, without limitation:

(i)    to sign the name of such Pledgor on any financing statement, 
continuation statement, notice or other similar document that, in the 
Administrative Agents opinion, should be made or filed in order to perfect 
or continue perfected the security interest granted under this Agreement in 
the Collateral;

(ii)    to ask, demand, collect, sue for, recover, compound, receive and 
give acquittance and receipts for moneys due and to become due under or in 
respect of any of the Collateral;

(iii)    to receive, endorse and collect any checks, drafts, Instruments, 
Chattel Paper and other orders for the payment of money made payable to 
such Pledgor representing any interest, income, dividend, distribution or 
other amount payable in respect of any of the Collateral and to give full 
discharge for the same;

(iv)    to obtain, maintain and adjust any property or casualty insurance 
required to be maintained by such Pledgor under Section 6.6 of the Credit 
Agreement and direct the payment of proceeds thereof to the Administrative 
Agent;

(v)    to pay or discharge taxes, Liens or other encumbrances levied or 
placed on or threatened against the Collateral, the legality or validity 
thereof and the amounts necessary to discharge the same to be determined by 
the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, any such payments made by 
the Administrative Agent to become Secured Obligations of the Pledgors to 
the Administrative Agent, due and payable immediately and without demand;

(vi)    to file any claims or take any action or institute any proceedings 
that the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or advisable for the 
collection of any of the Collateral or otherwise to enforce the rights of 
the Administrative Agent with respect to any of the Collateral; and

(vii)    to use, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, make any agreement with 
respect to or otherwise deal with any and all of the Collateral as fully 
and completely as though the Administrative Agent were the absolute owner 
of the Collateral for all purposes, and to do from time to time, at the 
Administrative Agents option and the Pledgors expense, all
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
other acts and things deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent to 
protect, preserve or realize upon the Collateral and to more completely 
carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

(d)    If any Pledgor fails to perform any covenant or agreement contained 
in this Agreement after written request to do so by the Administrative 
Agent (provided that no such request shall be necessary at any time after 
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default), the 
Administrative Agent may itself perform, or cause the performance of, such 
covenant or agreement and may take any other action that it deems necessary 
and appropriate for the maintenance and preservation of the Collateral or 
its security interest therein, and the reasonable expenses so incurred in 
connection therewith shall be payable by the Pledgors under Section 8.1.

ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

8.1    Indemnity and Expenses. The Pledgors agree jointly and severally:

(a)    To indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent 
required by Section 11.1(b) of the Credit Agreement; and

(b)    To reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for all reasonable 
documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative 
Agent (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and 
expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, limited to (x) a single 
primary counsel and (y) a single local counsel to the Administrative Agent 
in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special 
counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)), in each case in connection with 
(i) the engagement of appraisers, consultants, auditors or similar Persons 
by the Administrative Agent at any time to render opinions concerning the 
value of the Collateral, (ii) the creation, perfection and maintenance of 
the perfection of the Administrative Agents Liens upon the Collateral, 
including, without limitation, Lien search, filing and recording fees, 
(iii) the custody, use or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from 
or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, including the reasonable 
expenses of re-taking, holding, preparing for sale or lease, selling or 
otherwise disposing of or realizing on the Collateral, (iv) the exercise or 
enforcement of any rights or remedies granted hereunder, under any of the 
other Credit Documents or otherwise available to it (whether at law, in 
equity or otherwise), or (v) the failure by any Pledgor to perform or 
observe any of the provisions hereof. The provisions of this Section 8.1 
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the 
satisfaction of the Termination Requirements.

8.2    No Waiver. The rights and remedies of the Secured Parties expressly 
set forth in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents are cumulative 
and in addition to, and not exclusive of, all other rights and remedies 
available at law, in equity or otherwise. No failure or delay on the part 
of any Secured Party in exercising any right, power or privilege shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any such right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise 
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
privilege or be construed to be a waiver of any Default or Event of 
Default. No course of dealing between the Pledgors and the Secured Parties 
or their agents or employees shall be effective to amend, modify or 
discharge any provision of this Agreement or any other Credit Document or 
to constitute a waiver of any Default or Event of Default. No notice to or 
demand upon any Pledgor in any case shall entitle such Pledgor or any other 
Pledgor to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other 
circumstances or constitute a waiver of the right of any Secured Party to 
exercise any right or remedy or take any other or further action in any 
circumstances without notice or demand.

8.3    Enforcement. By its acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement, 
each Lender agrees that this Agreement may be enforced only by the 
Administrative Agent, acting upon the instructions or with the consent of 
the Required Lenders as provided for in the Credit Agreement, and that no 
Lender shall have any right individually to enforce or seek to enforce this 
Agreement or to realize upon any Collateral or other security given to 
secure the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations.

8.4    Amendments, Waivers, etc. No amendment, modification, waiver, 
discharge or termination of, or consent to any departure by any party 
hereto from, any provision of this Agreement, shall be effective unless in 
a writing signed by the Pledgors, the Administrative Agent and such of the 
Lenders as may be required under the provisions of the Credit Agreement to 
concur in the action then being taken, and then the same shall be effective 
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

8.5    Continuing Security Interest; Term; Successors and Assigns; 
Assignment; Termination and Release; Survival. This Agreement shall create 
a continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall secure the 
payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations as the same may 
arise and be outstanding at any time and from time to time from and after 
the date hereof, and shall (i) remain in full force and effect until the 
occurrence of the Termination Requirements, (ii) be binding upon and 
enforceable against each Pledgor and its successors and assigns (provided, 
however, that no Pledgor may sell, assign or transfer any of its rights, 
interests, duties or obligations hereunder without the prior written 
consent of the Lenders or except pursuant to a transaction permitted under 
Section 8.1 of the Credit Agreement) and (iii) inure to the benefit of and 
be enforceable by each Secured Party and its successors and assigns. Upon 
any sale or other disposition by any Pledgor of any Collateral in a 
transaction expressly permitted hereunder or under or pursuant to the 
Credit Agreement or any other applicable Credit Document, the Lien and 
security interest created by this Agreement in and upon such Collateral 
shall be automatically released, and upon the satisfaction of all of the 
Termination Requirements, this Agreement and the Lien and security interest 
created hereby shall terminate (provided that the provisions of Section 8.1 
shall survive the termination of this Agreement); and in connection with 
any such release or termination, the Administrative Agent, at the request 
and expense of the applicable Pledgor, will execute and deliver to such 
Pledgor such documents and instruments evidencing such release or 
termination as such Pledgor may reasonably request and will assign, 
transfer and deliver to such Pledgor, without recourse and without 
representation or warranty, such of the Collateral as may then be in the 
possession of the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of any partial 
release of Collateral, such of the Collateral so being released as may be 
in its possession). All representations, warranties, covenants and 
agreements herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and any Pledgor Accession.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.6    Additional Pledgors. Each Pledgor recognizes that the provisions of 
the Credit Agreement require Persons that become Material U.S. Subsidiaries 
of Crawford, and that are not already parties hereto, to execute and 
deliver a Pledgor Accession, whereupon each such Person shall become a 
Pledgor hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally a Pledgor 
hereunder on the date hereof, and agrees that its obligations hereunder 
shall not be discharged, limited or otherwise affected by reason of the 
same, or by reason of the Administrative Agents actions in effecting the 
same or in releasing any Pledgor hereunder, in each case without the 
necessity of giving notice to or obtaining the consent of such Pledgor or 
any other Pledgor.

8.7    Notices. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder 
shall be given to the parties in the manner and subject to the other notice 
provisions set forth in the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty Agreement.

8.8    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (including 
Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law, but 
excluding all other choice of law and conflicts of law rules).

8.9    Severability. To the extent any provision of this Agreement is 
prohibited by or invalid under the applicable law of any jurisdiction, such 
provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or 
invalidity and only in such jurisdiction, without prohibiting or 
invalidating such provision in any other jurisdiction or the remaining 
provisions of this Agreement in any jurisdiction.

8.10    Construction. The headings of the various sections and subsections 
of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience only and shall not in 
any way affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, words in the singular include the 
plural and words in the plural include the singular.

8.11    Continuation of Security Interest. The Pledgors, the Administrative 
Agent and the other Secured Parties acknowledge and agree that the security 
interests granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Existing 
Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing 
Credit Agreement) shall remain outstanding and in full force and effect in 
accordance with the Existing Security Agreement and the Other Documents, as 
modified herein and in the other Loan Documents (as defined herein), and 
shall continue to secure, without interruption or impairment of any kind, 
the Obligations (as defined herein) as provided herein.

8.12    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each 
of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of 
which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an 
executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or 
in electronic format (e.g., pdf or tif file format) shall be effective 
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[The remainder of this page left blank intentionally.]
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
under seal by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above 
written.
 
CRAWFORD & COMPANY
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Senior Vice President  Treasurer and Chief
  	Risk Officer
CRAWFORD & COMPANY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
CRAWFORD & COMPANY EMEA / A-P HOLDINGS LIMITED
By: 	  	
/s/ Stephen David Pearsall
Name: 	  	Stephen David Pearsall
Title: 	  	Director
CRAWFORD & COMPANY ADJUSTERS LIMITED
By: 	  	
/s/ Stephen David Pearsall
Name: 	  	Stephen David Pearsall
Title: 	  	Director
GARDEN CITY GROUP, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer

Signature Page to Pledge and Security Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CRAWFORD LEASING SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
RISK SCIENCES GROUP, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
BROADSPIRE SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
BROADSPIRE INSURANCE SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
BROADSPIRE DISABILITY SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
SETTLEMENT SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	President

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
WEGOLOOK, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
CRAWFORD INNOVATIVE VENTURES, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accepted and agreed to:

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Administrative Agent
By: 	  	
/s/ Lex Mayers
Name: 	  	Lex Mayers
Title: 	  	SVP

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX A

FILING LOCATIONS
 
Name of Pledgor
   	
Filing Location
   	 	   	Secretary of State of              	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX B

JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION, CERTAIN LOCATIONS

[PLEDGOR]
 
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization: 	   	
 
   	
Federal Tax ID no.: 	   	
 
   	
Organizational ID no.: 	   	
 
   	[N/A]
Chief Executive Office Address: 	   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
Records Related to Collateral: 	   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
Locations of Equipment or Inventory: 	   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
Other places of business: 	   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
Trade/fictitious or prior corporate names (last five years): 	   	
 
   	
Names used in tax filings (last five years): 	   	
 
   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX C

PLEDGED INTERESTS
 
Name of Issuer
  	
Type of
Interests
  	
Certificate
Number
  	
No. of shares
(if applicable)
  	
Percentage of
Outstanding
Interests
in Issuer
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX D

COPYRIGHTS AND COPYRIGHT APPLICATIONS
 
Pledgor
  	
Application or
Registration No.
  	
Country
  	
Issue or
Filing Date
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX E

PATENTS AND PATENT APPLICATIONS
 
Pledgor
  	
Application or
Registration No.
  	
Country
  	
Inventor
  	
Issue or
Filing Date
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX F

TRADEMARKS AND TRADEMARK APPLICATIONS
 
Pledgor
  	
Mark
  	
Application or
Registration No.
  	
Country
  	
Issue or
Filing Date
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX G

DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX H

SECURITIES ACCOUNTS

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX I

COMMERCIAL TORT CLAIMS

[None.]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST
IN COPYRIGHTS

WHEREAS, [NAME OF PLEDGOR] (the Pledgor) is the owner of the copyright 
applications and registrations listed on Schedule A attached hereto (all 
such copyrights, registrations and applications, collectively, the 
Copyrights); and

WHEREAS, the Pledgor has entered into an Amended and Restated Pledge and 
Security Agreement (as amended, modified, restated or supplemented from 
time to time, the Security Agreement), dated as of [            ], 2017, 
in which the Pledgor has agreed with Wells Fargo Bank, National 
Association, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent), with 
offices at 1525 W. W.T. Harris Blvd., Building 3A2, Mail Code NC 0680, 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28262, to execute this Assignment;

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, as security for the payment 
and performance of the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Security 
Agreement), the Pledgor does hereby grant to the Administrative Agent a 
security interest in all of its right, title and interest in and to the 
Copyrights, and the use thereof, together with all proceeds and products 
thereof. This Grant has been given in conjunction with the security 
interest granted to the Administrative Agent under the Security Agreement, 
and the provisions of this Grant are without prejudice to and in addition 
to the provisions of the Security Agreement, which are incorporated herein 
by this reference.
 
 [NAME OF PLEDGOR]
 By:
  	
 
 Title:
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule A

COPYRIGHTS AND COPYRIGHT APPLICATIONS
 
Owner
  	
Application or
Registration No.
  	
Country
  	
Registration or
Filing Date
  	 	  	 	  	
  	  	  	  	  	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST
IN PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS

WHEREAS, [NAME OF PLEDGOR] (the Pledgor) is the owner of the trademark 
applications and registrations listed on Schedule A attached hereto, (all 
such trademarks, registrations and applications, collectively, the 
Trademarks) and is the owner of the patents and patent applications listed 
on Schedule A attached hereto (all such patents, registrations and 
applications, collectively, the Patents); and

WHEREAS, the Pledgor has entered into an Amended and Restated Pledge and 
Security Agreement (as amended, modified, restated or supplemented from 
time to time, the Security Agreement), dated as of [            ], 2017, 
in which the Pledgor has agreed with Wells Fargo Bank, National 
Association, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent), with 
offices at 1525 W. W.T. Harris Blvd., Building 3A2, Mail Code NC 0680, 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28262, to execute this Grant;

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, as security for the payment 
and performance of the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Security 
Agreement), the Pledgor does hereby grant to the Administrative Agent a 
security interest in all of its right, title and interest in and to the 
Trademarks and the Patents, and the use thereof, together with all proceeds 
and products thereof and the goodwill of the businesses symbolized by the 
Trademarks. This Grant has been given in conjunction with the security 
interest granted to the Administrative Agent under the Security Agreement, 
and the provisions of this Grant are without prejudice to and in addition 
to the provisions of the Security Agreement, which are incorporated herein 
by this reference.
 
[NAME OF PLEDGOR]
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule A

TRADEMARKS AND TRADEMARK APPLICATIONS
 
Owner
  	
Mark
  	
Application or
Registration No.
  	
Country
  	
Issue or
Filing Date
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

PATENTS AND PATENT APPLICATIONS
 
Owner
  	
Application or
Registration No.
  	
Country
  	
Inventor
  	
Issue or
Filing Date
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C

FORM OF
PLEDGOR ACCESSION

THIS PLEDGOR ACCESSION (this Accession), dated as of             ,        
 , is executed and delivered by [NAME OF NEW PLEDGOR], a                    
  corporation (the New Pledgor), in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National 
Association, in its capacity as Administrative Agent under the Credit 
Agreement referred to hereinbelow (in such capacity, the Administrative 
Agent), pursuant to the Security Agreement referred to hereinbelow.

Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of 
[            ], 2017, among Crawford & Company, a Georgia corporation (
Crawford), Crawford & Company Risk Services Investments Limited, a limited 
company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered 
number 02855446, Crawford & Company (Canada) Inc., a corporation 
incorporated under the laws of Canada, Crawford & Company (Australia) Pty. 
Ltd., a proprietary limited company organized in Australia (ACN 002 317 
133), the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the other 
Persons party thereto (as amended, modified, restated or supplemented from 
time to time, the Credit Agreement). In connection with and as a 
condition to the initial and continued extensions of credit under the 
Credit Agreement, (i) certain Subsidiaries, pursuant to an Amended and 
Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated as of [                    ], 2017 (as 
amended, modified, restated or supplemented from time to time, the 
Guaranty Agreement), have guaranteed the payment in full of the 
obligations of Crawford under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit 
Documents (as defined in the Credit Agreement), and (ii) Crawford and 
certain Subsidiaries, pursuant to an Amended and Restated Pledge and 
Security Agreement, dated as of [                    ], 2017 (as amended, 
modified, restated or supplemented from time to time, the Security 
Agreement), have granted in favor of the Administrative Agent a security 
interest in and Lien upon the Collateral described therein as security for 
their obligations under the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement and 
the other Credit Documents. Capitalized terms used herein without 
definition shall have the meanings given to them in the Security Agreement.

Crawford has agreed under the Credit Agreement to cause each future 
Material U.S. Subsidiary to become a party to the Guaranty Agreement as a 
guarantor thereunder and to the Security Agreement as a Pledgor thereunder. 
The New Pledgor is (a) a Material U.S. Subsidiary of Crawford and, as 
required by the Credit Agreement, has become a guarantor under the Guaranty 
Agreement as of the date hereof or (b) a Person Crawford has determined 
should become, and has become, a party to the Guaranty Agreement as a 
guarantor as of the date hereof. The New Pledgor will obtain benefits as a 
result of the continued extension of credit to each Borrower under the 
Credit Agreement, which benefits are hereby acknowledged, and, accordingly, 
desire to execute and deliver this Accession. Therefore, in consideration 
of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and to induce the Lenders to 
continue to extend credit to each Borrower under the Credit Agreement, the 
New Pledgor hereby agrees as follows:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.    The New Pledgor hereby joins in and agrees to be bound by each and 
all of the provisions of the Security Agreement as a Pledgor thereunder. In 
furtherance (and without limitation) of the foregoing, pursuant to Section 
2.1 of the Security Agreement, and as security for all of the Secured 
Obligations, the New Pledgor hereby pledges, assigns and delivers to the 
Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, and 
grants to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured 
Parties, a Lien upon and security interest in, all of its right, title and 
interest in and to the Collateral as set forth in Section 2.1 of the 
Security Agreement, all on the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Security Agreement.

2.    The New Pledgor hereby represents and warrants that (i) Schedule 1 
hereto sets forth all information required to be listed on Annexes A, B, C, 
D, E, F, G, H and I to the Security Agreement in order to make each 
representation and warranty relating to it contained in Sections 3.1 and 
3.2 of the Security Agreement qualified as to materiality true and correct 
and those not so qualified true and correct in all material respects, in 
each case as of the date hereof and after giving effect to this Accession 
(except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly 
stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case such 
representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such date), and 
(ii) after giving effect to this Accession and to the incorporation into 
such Annexes, as applicable, of the information set forth in Schedule 1, 
each representation and warranty relating to it contained in Article III of 
the Security Agreement qualified as to materiality is true and correct and 
those not so qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in 
each case as of the date hereof and after giving effect to this Accession 
(except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly 
stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case such 
representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such date).

3.    This Accession shall be a Credit Document (within the meaning of such 
term under the Credit Agreement), shall be binding upon and enforceable 
against the New Pledgor and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to 
the benefit of and be enforceable by each Secured Party and its successors 
and assigns. This Accession and its attachments are hereby incorporated 
into the Security Agreement and made a part thereof.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Pledgor has caused this Accession to be 
executed under seal by its duly authorized officer as of the date first 
above written.
 
[NAME OF NEW PLEDGOR]
By: 	  	
 
 Title:
  	
 
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 1

Information to be added to Annex A of the Security Agreement:

FILING LOCATIONS
 
Name of Pledgor
   	
Filing Location
   	 	   	Secretary of State of              	   	

Information to be added to Annex B of the Security Agreement:

JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION, CERTAIN LOCATIONS

[Name of Pledgor:]
 
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization: 	   	
 
   	
Federal Tax ID no.: 	   	
 
   	
Organizational ID no.: 	   	
 
   	[N/A]
Chief Executive Office Address: 	   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
Records Related to Collateral: 	   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
Locations of Equipment or Inventory: 	   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
Other places of business: 	   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
Trade/fictitious or prior corporate names (last five years): 	   	
 
   	
Names used in tax filings (last five years): 	   	
 
   	
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Information to be added to [Annexes C/D/E/F/G/H/I] of the Security 
Agreement:

[Complete as applicable]
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT D

PLEDGE AMENDMENT

THIS PLEDGE AMENDMENT, dated as of             ,         , is delivered by 
[NAME OF PLEDGOR] (the Pledgor) pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Security 
Agreement referred to hereinbelow. The Pledgor hereby agrees that this 
Pledge Amendment may be attached to the Amended and Restated Pledge and 
Security Agreement, dated as of [            ], 2017, made by the Pledgor 
and certain other pledgors named therein in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, 
National Association, as Administrative Agent (as amended, modified, 
restated or supplemented from time to time, the Security Agreement, 
capitalized terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), 
and that the Pledged Interests listed on Schedule 1 to this Pledge 
Amendment shall be deemed to be part of the Pledged Interests within the 
meaning of the Security Agreement and shall become part of the Collateral 
and shall secure all of the Secured Obligations as provided in the Security 
Agreement. This Pledge Amendment and its attachments are hereby 
incorporated into the Security Agreement and made a part thereof.
 
[NAME OF PLEDGOR]
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 1

PLEDGED INTERESTS
 
Name of Issuer
   	Type of
Interests 	  	   	Certificate
Number 	  	   	No. of shares
(if applicable) 	  	   	Percentage of
Outstanding
Interests
in Issuer 	 
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
  	   	  	  	   	  	  	   	  	  	   	  	 