 EX-10.1 2 ex10-1.htm MATERIAL CONTRACTS
Execution Version
 
Exhibit 10.1

 

 

 

 

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AND SUBLICENSE AGREEMENT

 

by and between

 

VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

 

and

APOLLO BIOLOGICS LP

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AND SUBLICENSE AGREEMENT


This Agreement is effective as of December 9, 2016 (the “Effective Date”), 
by and between VistaGen Therapeutics, Inc., a California corporation 
located at 343 Allerton Avenue, South San Francisco, CA 94080 (“VistaGen
”), and Apollo Biologics LP, a Delaware limited partnership located at c/o 
Versant Venture Management, LLC, One Sansome, Suite 3630, San Francisco, CA 
94104 (“Apollo”). VistaGen and Apollo are each sometimes referred to herein 
as a “Party” or collectively as the “Parties.”

RECITALS

WHEREAS, VistaGen and University Health Network (“UHN”) entered into that 
certain (i) License Agreement, [*****] (“License Agreement Number One”), 
(ii) License Agreement, [*****] (“License Agreement Number Two”), (iii) 
License Agreement, [*****] (“License Agreement Number Three”) and (iv) 
License Agreement, [*****] (“License Agreement Number Four” and together 
with License Agreement Number One, License Agreement Number Two, License 
Agreement Number Three and any additional license agreement entered into 
between UHN and VistaGen in accordance with Section 2.5 below, each a “
License Agreement” and collectively, the “License Agreements”);

WHEREAS, VistaGen and UHN have entered into that certain Patent License 
Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2016, pursuant to which each 
License Agreement is amended;

WHEREAS, pursuant to each License Agreement, VistaGen is the exclusive 
licensee, with the right to grant sublicenses (through multiple tiers), of 
all right, title and interest in the Licensed IP, subject only to a 
royalty-free, nonexclusive, non-transferable license to practice the 
Licensed IP granted by UHN to the United States Government for governmental 
purposes;

WHEREAS, Apollo desires to obtain, and VistaGen is willing to grant, (i) an 
exclusive sublicense under the Licensed IP in the Apollo Field of Use in 
accordance with each License Agreement, (ii) an exclusive license under the 
Present Improvements in the Apollo Field of Use under the terms of this 
Agreement and (iii) a non-exclusive license under the Future Improvements 
in the Apollo Field of Use, in each case of (i)-(iii), under the terms of 
this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, prior to entering into this Agreement, VistaGen has delivered 
sufficient evidence reasonably satisfactory to Apollo that (i) the 
Sponsored Research Collaboration Agreement by and between UHN and VistaGen, 
dated as of September 18, 2007, as amended from time to time (the “
VistaGen SRA”) has been terminated and (ii) the Strategic Consulting 
Agreement by and between VistaGen and Gordon Keller, Ph.D., dated as of 
August 1, 2014 has been appropriately amended to allow Dr. Keller to enter 
into a new consulting agreement with Apollo.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants 
herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
adequacy and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, VistaGen and Apollo 
hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

1.1 “Affiliate” shall mean any entity which directly or indirectly 
controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, a Party. 
The term “control” as used herein means (a) in the case of corporate 
entities, direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of 
the stock or shares entitled to vote for the election of directors; or (b) 
with the power to direct the management and policies of such entities.


1.2 “Apollo Field of Use” shall mean [*****] cardiac cell therapy [*****], 
including for use in human medical or veterinary purposes [*****].


1.3 “Bankruptcy Code” means Title 7 or Title 11 U.S. Code, or any similar 
federal, state (or with respect to Canada, provincial) or foreign law for 
the relief of debtors.

 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
-1-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 


1.4 “Biosimilar Product” shall mean, with respect to a Licensed Product and 
on a country-by-country basis, a product that (i) is marketed for sale in 
such country by a third party (not licensed, supplied or otherwise 
permitted by a Party or its Affiliates or Sublicensees); (ii) contains the 
corresponding Licensed Product or substantial equivalent as an active 
pharmaceutical ingredient in such country; and (iii) such product, as and 
to the extent required, is approved through an abbreviated process 
(similar, with respect to the United States, to an Abbreviated New Drug 
Applications under Section 505(j) of the FD&C Act (21 USC 355(j)) or is 
approved as a “Biosimilar Biologic Product” under Title VII, Subtitle A 
Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, Section 42 U.S.C. 
262, Section 351 of the PHSA, or, outside the United States, in accordance 
with European Directive 2001/83/EC on the Community Code for medicinal 
products (Article 10(4) and Section 4, Part II of Annex I) and European 
Regulation EEC/2309/93 establishing the Community procedures for the 
authorization and evaluation of medicinal products, each as amended, and 
together with all associated guidance, and any counterparts thereof or 
equivalent process inside or outside of the United States or European Union 
to the foregoing.
 
1.5 “Calendar Year” means each successive period of twelve (12) months 
commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31.


1.6 “Combination Product” shall mean any Revenue Bearing Product sold or 
used in combination with one or more other products or components which are 
not Revenue Bearing Products.


1.7 “FDA” means the United States Food and Drug Administration or its 
successor.


1.8 “Field of Use” shall mean the Apollo Field of Use or the VistaGen Field 
of Use, as applicable.


1.9 “First Commercial Sale” shall mean, with respect to a Licensed Product 
and a country, the first sale to an independent third party in such country 
after all Regulatory Approvals, including any pricing or reimbursement 
approvals, as applicable, have been obtained in such country.


1.10 “Future Improvement” shall mean an Improvement created, conceived or 
reduced to practice after the Effective Date.


1.11 “Future Improvement Patent Rights” shall mean the patent rights within 
any Future Improvements.


1.12 “[*****] Transaction Agreement” shall mean an agreement pursuant to 
which Apollo or any of its Affiliates has [*****] either solely in [*****] 
or in [*****] and one or more of the following countries: [*****]. For 
clarity, an agreement pursuant to which Apollo or any of its Affiliates 
have [*****] in regions in addition to [*****] or one or more of the 
countries listed above (including globally) shall not be considered a “
[*****] Transaction Agreement” hereunder.


1.13 “Licensed IP” shall mean all rights licensed or otherwise granted to 
VistaGen from UHN under each License Agreement, including the UHN Patent 
Rights.


1.14 “Licensed Product” shall mean [*****].


1.15 “Improvements” means any and all [*****].


1.16 “IND” means (a) an Investigational New Drug Application as defined in 
the United States Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and 
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA, or (b) the 
equivalent application to the equivalent regulatory authority in any other 
regulatory jurisdiction, the filing of which is necessary to initiate or 
conduct clinical testing of a biologic or pharmaceutical product candidate 
in humans in such jurisdiction.


 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-2-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
1.17 “Net Sales” shall mean [*****]


(a) [*****]

(b) [*****]

(c) [*****]

(d) [*****]

[*****].

In the event that a Revenue Bearing Product is sold as a Combination 
Product, Net Sales, for the purposes of determining royalty payments on the 
Combination Product, shall mean [*****]:

            (i) [*****]

            (ii) [*****].

1.18 “Orphan Indication” means a disease or condition for which a product 
intended to treat such disease or condition has received orphan drug status 
from the FDA or European Medicines Agency (the “EMA”).


1.19 “Phase 2 Clinical Trial” means a human clinical trial of a product, 
the principal purpose of which is a determination of safety and efficacy in 
the target patient population, as described in 21 C.F.R. 312.21(b) (as 
amended or any replacement thereof), or a similar clinical trial prescribed 
by the regulatory authority in a country other than the United States.


1.20 “Phase 3 Clinical Trial” means a human clinical trial of a product, 
the design of which is acknowledged by the FDA to be sufficient for such 
clinical trial to satisfy the requirements of 21 C.F.R. 312.21(c) (as 
amended or any replacement thereof), or a similar human clinical trial 
prescribed by the regulatory authority to be sufficient for such clinical 
trial to satisfy the requirements of a pivotal efficacy and safety clinical 
trial.


1.21 “Present Improvement” shall mean any Improvement in existence on the 
Effective Date.


1.22 “Regulatory Approval” means all approvals necessary for the 
manufacture, marketing, importation and sale of a product for one or more 
indications in a country or regulatory jurisdiction, which may include 
satisfaction of all applicable regulatory and notification requirements, 
including any pricing and reimbursement approvals. Regulatory Approvals 
include approvals by regulatory authorities of INDs, marketing 
authorization approvals, new drug applications or biologics license 
applications.


1.23 “Reporting Period” shall begin on the first day of each calendar 
quarter and end on the last day of such calendar quarter.


1.24 “Revenue Bearing Products” shall mean a Licensed Product [*****].


1.25 “Sublicensee” shall mean any non-Affiliate sub-sublicensee or 
sublicensee, as applicable, of the rights granted by Apollo pursuant to 
Section 2.2.


1.26 “Term” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.1.


1.27 “Territory”  shall mean worldwide.


 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-3-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
       
        1.28 “UHN Patent Rights” shall mean:


(a) the United States and international patents licensed to VistaGen from 
UHN pursuant to each License Agreement, including those listed on Exhibit A
;

(b) the United States and international patent applications and provisional 
applications licensed to VistaGen from UHN pursuant to each License 
Agreement, including those listed on Exhibit A;

(c) any patent applications claiming priority from the patents, patent 
applications, or provisional applications licensed to VistaGen from UHN 
pursuant to each License Agreement, including those listed on Exhibit A, 
and any direct or indirect divisionals, continuations, continuation-in-part 
applications, and continued prosecution applications (and their relevant 
international equivalents) of the patent applications licensed to VistaGen 
from UHN pursuant to each License Agreement, including those listed on 
Exhibit A and of such patent applications claiming priority from the 
provisional applications licensed to VistaGen from UHN pursuant to each 
License Agreement, including those listed on Exhibit A, to the extent the 
claims are directed to subject matter specifically described in the patent 
applications licensed to VistaGen from UHN pursuant to each License 
Agreement, including those listed on Exhibit A, and the resulting patents;

(d) any patents resulting from reissues, reexaminations, or extensions (and 
their relevant international equivalents, including, without limitation 
supplementary protection certificates) of the patents described in clauses 
(a), (b) and (c) above; and

(e) international (non-United States) patent applications and provisional 
applications filed after the Effective Date and the relevant international 
equivalents to divisionals, continuations, continuation-in-part 
applications and continued prosecution applications of the patent 
applications to the extent the claims are directed to subject matter 
specifically described in the patents or patent applications referred to in 
clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent there is a conflict between 
the content of Exhibit A and that listed in Exhibit B of each License 
Agreement, the content of Exhibit B of each License Agreement shall 
control.

1.29 “Valid Claim” shall mean [*****].


1.30 “VistaGen Field of Use” shall mean all fields other than the Apollo 
Field of Use. [*****].


ARTICLE 2

GRANT OF RIGHTS

2.1 License and Sublicense Grants.


(a) VistaGen hereby grants to Apollo and its Affiliates for the Term a 
royalty-bearing, exclusive (even as to VistaGen and its Affiliates, except 
as set forth in Section 2.3) sublicense, with the right to grant further 
sublicenses (as provided in Section 2.2 below) through multiple tiers, 
under the Licensed IP, to research, develop, commercialize, make, have 
made, use, have used, sell, have sold, offer to sell, have offered for 
sale, import, have imported and otherwise exploit, itself and through third 
parties, Licensed Products in the Apollo Field of Use in the Territory.

(b) VistaGen hereby grants to Apollo and its Affiliates for the Term a 
royalty-free, exclusive (even as to VistaGen and its Affiliates) license, 
with the right to grant sublicenses (as provided in Section 2.2 below) 
through multiple tiers, under the Present Improvements, to research, 
develop, commercialize, make, have made, use, have used, sell, have sold, 
offer to sell, have offered for sale, import, have imported and otherwise 
exploit, itself and through third parties, Licensed Products in the Apollo 
Field of Use in the Territory.

 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-4-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
(c) VistaGen hereby grants to Apollo and its Affiliates for the Term a 
royalty-free, non-exclusive license, with the right to grant sublicenses 
(as provided in Section 2.2 below) through multiple tiers, under the Future 
Improvements, to research, develop, commercialize, make, have made, use, 
have used, sell, have sold, offer to sell, have offered for sale, import, 
have imported and otherwise exploit, itself and through third parties, 
Licensed Products in the Apollo Field of Use in the Territory.

(d) VistaGen acknowledges and agrees that, during the Term, it shall not 
directly or indirectly grant any licenses, sublicenses or other rights 
inconsistent with this Section 2.1.

(e) Apollo acknowledges and agrees that, during the Term, it, its 
Affiliates and its Sublicensees under this Agreement will comply with any 
provision of the License Agreements if and to the extent such provision is 
applicable to a sublicensee under the License Agreements.

2.2 Sublicenses. Apollo shall have the right to grant further sublicenses 
of the rights and licenses granted to Apollo hereunder through multiple 
tiers. Apollo shall incorporate terms and conditions into its sublicense 
agreements sufficient to enable Apollo to comply with this Agreement. 
Apollo shall promptly furnish VistaGen with a fully signed photocopy of any 
sublicense agreement, which sublicense agreement may be redacted as 
necessary to protect commercially sensitive information. Upon termination 
of this Agreement for any reason, provided that a Sublicensee is not in 
material breach of its sublicense, VistaGen shall grant to such Sublicensee 
sublicense rights and terms equivalent to the sublicense rights and terms 
which Apollo previously granted to such Sublicensee.


2.3 Retained Rights.


(a) VistaGen shall retain the licenses granted to it by UHN pursuant to 
each License Agreement to use the Licensed IP in accordance with the terms 
of each License Agreement solely in the VistaGen Field of Use.

(b) Apollo acknowledges UHN’s reserved right under each License Agreement 
to retain a non-exclusive, sublicensable right to use the Licensed IP for 
non-commercial research purposes and/or academic educational purposes, 
without any financial obligation to VistaGen or Apollo for so using the 
Licensed IP.

(c) Apollo acknowledges that, with respect to UHN, the U.S. federal 
government retains a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable license 
to practice any government-funded invention claimed in any UHN Patent 
Rights as set forth in 35 U.S.C. §§ 01-211, and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder, as amended, or any successor statutes or regulations.

2.4 No Additional Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to 
confer any rights upon Apollo by implication, estoppel, or otherwise as to 
any patent rights or other intellectual property of VistaGen or UHN other 
than the Licensed IP and Improvements.


2.5 VistaGen SRA. VistaGen covenants and agrees to promptly notify Apollo 
(but in no event later than [*****] after receipt) in the event it receives 
any Invention Notice (as defined in the VistaGen SRA) applicable to 
[*****] the Apollo Field of Use from UHN following the Effective Date. For 
clarity, [*****]. In addition, VistaGen hereby assigns all right, title and 
interest in and to any unexercised or future option available to VistaGen 
pursuant to Section 4.3 of the VistaGen SRA, through which VistaGen may 
obtain an exclusive license to any Resulting IP (as defined in the VistaGen 
SRA) in the field set forth in [*****] Apollo Field of Use disclosed in 
such Invention Notice. To the extent Apollo, in its sole discretion, 
decides to exercise such option to obtain an exclusive license, it shall 
notify VistaGen of its decision within [*****] days of receipt of notice 
from VistaGen. VistaGen shall promptly (within the required time periods 
set forth in the VistaGen SRA) notify UHN of such decision on behalf of 
Apollo and acquire exclusive license rights to the applicable Resulting IP 
through the procedures set forth in Section 4.3 of the VistaGen SRA; 
provided that (i) the terms and conditions of each such exclusive license 
agreement shall be substantially identical to the terms and conditions set 
forth in the License Agreements and (ii) each such exclusive license 
agreement shall automatically be considered a License Agreement hereunder 
with all rights licensed or otherwise granted to VistaGen thereunder 
automatically considered Licensed IP hereunder with the field in clause 
(ii) of the Apollo Field of Use applying to such Licensed IP. Apollo and 
VistaGen shall endeavor to amend Exhibit A attached hereto to reflect such 
additional Licensed IP. Apollo shall reimburse VistaGen to the extent 
VistaGen pays an issue fee to UHN pursuant to each such exclusive license, 
which reimbursement shall not exceed [*****]. For the avoidance of doubt, 
in accordance with this Agreement, VistaGen shall retain the licenses 
granted to it by UHN solely within the VistaGen Field of Use under any such 
license agreement entered into pursuant to this Section 2.5.


 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-5-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
2.6 Future UHN SRA. During the Term and for a period of [*****] 
thereafter, neither VistaGen nor any of its Affiliates or sublicensees 
(other than Apollo and its Affiliates, licensees and Sublicensees), either 
alone, or with or through any third party (including by way of any 
assignment, license, covenant or other transaction regarding patent rights 
or other intellectual property, or by any research, development or other 
agreement), shall enter into any agreement with UHN in the field set forth 
in [*****] the Apollo Field of Use.


2.7 Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Code. All rights and licenses granted 
pursuant to any Section of this Agreement are, and shall be deemed to be, 
rights and licenses to “intellectual property” (as defined in Section 
101(35A) of title 11 of the United States Code and of any similar 
provisions of applicable Bankruptcy Code under any other jurisdiction 
including the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act, R.S.C. 1985, c. B-3 and 
Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act, R.S.C. 1985, c. C-36, as amended from 
time to time. VistaGen agrees that Apollo as a licensee and sublicensee of 
rights and licenses under this Agreement, shall retain and may fully 
exercise all of its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code. The 
Parties further agree that, in the event of the commencement of a 
bankruptcy proceeding by or against VistaGen under the Bankruptcy Code or 
analogous provisions of applicable laws outside the United States, Apollo 
shall be entitled to a complete duplicate of (or complete access to, as 
appropriate) any patent rights or other intellectual property licensed or 
sublicensed to Apollo and all embodiments of such intellectual property, 
which, if not already in Apollo’s possession, shall be promptly delivered 
to it (a) upon any such commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding upon 
Apollo’s written request therefor, unless VistaGen in the bankruptcy 
proceeding elects to continue to perform all of its obligations under this 
Agreement or (b) if not delivered under clause (a), following the rejection 
of this Agreement in the bankruptcy proceeding, upon written request 
therefor by Apollo.

ARTICLE 3

APOLLO DILIGENCE OBLIGATIONS AND REPORTING

3.1 Diligence Requirements. Apollo shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts, or shall cause one or more of its Affiliates and Sublicensees to 
use commercially reasonable efforts, to develop [*****]. In the event that 
VistaGen determines that Apollo (itself or through its Affiliates or 
Sublicensees) has failed to fulfill its obligations under this Section 3.1, 
then VistaGen may treat such failure as a material breach in accordance 
with Section 12.3(a).


3.2 R&D Plan. Within [*****] after the Effective Date, Apollo shall furnish 
to VistaGen a copy of Apollo’s Research and Development Plan (“R&D Plan”) 
for Licensed Products; and a status and progress report as to Apollo’s 
implementation of the R&D Plan shall be furnished to VistaGen annually 
thereafter, in conjunction with submission to VistaGen of the annual 
report, together with an update for the R&D Plan for the next year. The 
Parties acknowledge that the R&D Plan will represent the optimal and 
desired goals and timeline for [*****], and that there is no guarantee of 
achieving the goals within said timeline.


3.3 Annual Report. [*****] each Calendar Year during the Term, Apollo shall 
prepare and deliver to VistaGen a written summary report which shall 
describe (a) the research performed to date employing the Licensed IP, (b) 
the progress of [*****] Licensed Products [*****] and (c) [*****].


ARTICLE 4

ROYALTIES AND PAYMENT TERMS

4.1 Consideration for Grant of Rights


(a) License and Sublicense Issue. Within [*****], Apollo shall pay to 
VistaGen a sublicense and license issue fee of One Million Two Hundred 
Fifty Thousand U.S. dollars (U.S.$1,250,000). [*****].

(b) Running Royalties. Beginning upon the First Commercial Sale of a 
Revenue Bearing Product, Apollo shall pay to VistaGen a [*****] royalty on 
a [*****] basis on [*****] Net Sales for [*****]. Running royalties shall 
be payable for each Reporting Period and shall be due to VistaGen within 
[*****] of the end of each Reporting Period.

 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-6-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
(c) Royalty Stacking. To the extent that Apollo or any of its Affiliates or 
Sublicensees obtains licenses to third party patent rights or other 
intellectual property in order to practice the Licensed IP or to develop or 
commercialize any Licensed Products, Apollo and its Affiliates and 
Sublicensees may deduct from any royalty due to VistaGen hereunder [*****] 
of the royalties due according to agreements between Apollo (and its 
Affiliates and Sublicensees, as applicable) and a third party(ies) on such 
patents or intellectual property up to an amount equal to [*****] of the 
running royalties owed in any Reporting Period hereunder, with any excess 
third party royalties carried over into next succeeding Reporting Periods 
until exhausted.

(d) Biosimilar Competition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on a 
country-by-country basis in the Territory, the royalty rate for Net Sales 
of a Revenue Bearing Product set forth in Section 4.1(b) shall be reduced 
(A) by [*****], following a launch of a Biosimilar Product, if the unit 
sales of all Biosimilar Products in such country exceed [*****] of the sum 
of unit sales of Revenue Bearing Products plus unit sales of all Biosimilar 
Products in such country, (B) by [*****] following a launch of a Biosimilar 
Product, if the unit sales of all Biosimilar Products in such country 
exceed [*****] of the sum of unit sales of Revenue Bearing Products plus 
unit sales of all Biosimilar Products in such country, or (C) by [*****] 
to become [*****] following a launch of Biosimilar Product, if the unit 
sales of all Biosimilar Products in such country exceed [*****] of the sum 
of unit sales of Revenue Bearing Products plus unit sales of all Biosimilar 
Products in such country. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the unit 
sales of each such Biosimilar Product sold during a Reporting Period shall 
be as reported by [*****] or any other independent sales auditing firm 
reasonably agreed upon by the Parties.

(e) No Multiple Royalties. If the commercial sale of any Revenue Bearing 
Product is covered by more than one of the [*****], multiple royalties 
shall not be due.

(f) Duration of Royalty Obligations. The royalty obligations of Apollo 
shall continue on a [*****] basis as to each Revenue Bearing Product, until 
the expiration or termination of the last to expire Valid Claim within 
[*****] in that country. Upon the expiration of Apollo’s royalty 
obligations with respect to a Revenue Bearing Product in a country, the 
license grants contained in Sections 2.1 shall become fully paid-up, 
royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable for such Revenue Bearing Product in 
such country.

(g) Development Milestone Payments. Subject to Section 4.1(h), Apollo shall 
pay to VistaGen the following development milestone payments listed in the 
tables below for [*****] Revenue Bearing Product to achieve each 
development milestone event. Apollo shall provide VistaGen with written 
notice and such milestone payment within [*****] after achieving each 
development milestone. Each such milestone payment shall be payable only 
once on the [*****] Revenue Bearing Product to achieve such development 
milestone event. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Apollo be 
required to pay VistaGen more than an aggregate of [*****] in development 
milestone payments under this Section 4.1(g).

 
Development Milestone Event
Milestone Payment
(A)
 
[*****]
 
[*****]
 
(B)
 
[*****]
 
[*****]
 
(C)
 
[*****]
 
[*****]
 
(D)

[*****]
[*****]
 
(h)  [*****]

            (i) [*****]

            (ii) [*****]

            (iii) [*****].

 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-7-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
(i) Commercial Milestone Payments. Apollo shall pay to VistaGen the 
following commercial milestone payments listed in the tables below after 
achievement of [*****] commercial milestone event. Apollo shall provide 
VistaGen with written notice and such milestone payment within [*****] 
after the end of the Calendar Year in which the applicable milestone event 
was achieved. Each such milestone payment shall be payable only once. For 
the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Apollo be required to pay 
VistaGen more than an aggregate of [*****] in commercial milestone payments 
under this Section 4.1(i).
 
 
Commercial Milestone Event
Milestone Payment
(A)
 
[*****]
 
[*****]
 
(B)
 
[*****]
 
[*****]
 
(C)
 
[*****]
 
[*****]
 
(D)
 
[*****]
 
[*****]
 
 
(j) [*****] Transaction Agreement Revenue.

            (i) Subject to Sections 4.1(j)(ii), Apollo shall pay VistaGen
            the following percentage of all consideration allocable solely
            to [*****] received by Apollo pursuant to the [*****] 
            Transaction Agreement:

                  (A) [*****]


                  (B) [*****]


                  (C) [*****].


Apollo shall provide VistaGen with written notice of [*****] Transaction 
Agreement and payment of the amount represented by the above percentages 
within [*****] after [*****]. [*****].

            (ii) The following shall not be considered consideration and
            subject to the sharing percentages in Section 4.1(j)(i): 
            [*****].

            (iii) To the extent that patent rights, other intellectual
            property rights or other rights, products or obligations other
            than those applicable to Revenue Bearing Products are [*****] 
            Transaction Agreement, that portion of the consideration
            received by Apollo and subject to Section 4.1(j)(i) shall be
            equitably apportioned between the Revenue Bearing Products and
            those other rights, products and obligations, and such
            apportionment shall be reasonable and in accordance with
            customary standards in the industry.

            (iv) To the extent Apollo [*****] Transaction Agreement, that
            portion of the consideration received by Apollo and subject to 
            Section 4.1(j)(i) shall be equitably apportioned between 
            [*****] and any other such applicable country, and such
            apportionment shall be reasonable and in accordance with
            customary standards in the industry. [*****].

            (v) With respect to each of Sections 4.1(j)(iii) and
            4.1(j)(iv), Apollo shall promptly deliver to VistaGen a written
            report setting forth each such apportionment. In the event
            VistaGen disagrees with the determination made by Apollo,
            VistaGen shall so notify Apollo within [*****] of receipt of
            Apollo’s report and the Parties shall meet to discuss and
            resolve such disagreement in good faith. If the Parties are
            unable to agree in good faith as to such fair market values
            within [*****], then (a) the matter shall be submitted in
            accordance with the dispute resolution process set forth in
            Article 13, and (b) VistaGen shall not be entitled to terminate
            this Agreement until such matter is fully determined by a court
            of competent jurisdiction.

(k) Method of Payment. All payments shall be made by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds into an account designated by VistaGen.

 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-8-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
(l) Payments in U.S. Dollars. All payments due under this Agreement shall 
be payable in United States dollars. Conversion of foreign currency to U.S. 
dollars shall be made at the conversion rate existing in the United States 
(as reported in the Wall Street Journal) on the last working day of the 
calendar quarter of the applicable Reporting Period. Such payments shall be 
without deduction of exchange, collection, or other charges, and, 
specifically, without deduction of withholding or similar taxes or other 
government imposed fees or taxes, except as permitted in the definition of 
Net Sales.

(m) Late Payments. Any payments by Apollo that are not paid on or before 
the date such payments are due under this Agreement shall bear interest, to 
the extent permitted by law, at [*****] above the Prime Rate of interest as 
reported in the Wall Street Journal on the date payment is due.

(n) Payments to UHN. VistaGen shall be solely responsible for any and all 
amounts payable to UHN pursuant to the terms of each License Agreement, 
including any amounts payable as a result of, or in connection with, entry 
by the Parties into this Agreement or any milestone achieved by, or 
royalties on Net Sales of, any Revenue Bearing Product. In no event shall 
Apollo be responsible or liable for any amounts due and payable to UHN 
under any License Agreement or the VistaGen SRA.

ARTICLE 5

REPORTS, RECORDS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

5.1 Frequency of Reports.


(a) Upon First Commercial Sale of a Revenue Bearing Product. Apollo shall 
report to VistaGen the date of the First Commercial Sale of a Revenue 
Bearing Product within [*****] of occurrence in each country.

(b) After First Commercial Sale. After the First Commercial Sale of a 
Revenue Bearing Product, Apollo shall deliver reports to VistaGen within 
[*****] of the end of each Reporting Period, containing information 
concerning the immediately preceding Reporting Period, as further described 
in Section 5.2.

5.2 Content of Reports and Payments. Each report delivered by Apollo to 
VistaGen shall contain at least the following information for the 
immediately preceding Reporting Period:


(a) the number of Revenue Bearing Products sold by Apollo, its Affiliates 
and Sublicensees to independent third parties in each country;

(b) the gross price charged by Apollo, its Affiliates and Sublicensees for 
each Revenue Bearing Product in each country;

(c) calculation of Net Sales for the applicable Reporting Period in each 
country, including, without limitation, a listing of applicable deductions; 
and

(d) total royalty payable on Net Sales in U.S. dollars, together with the 
exchange rates used for conversion.

If no amounts are due to VistaGen for any Reporting Period, the report 
shall so state.

5.3 Records. Apollo shall maintain, and shall cause its Affiliates and 
Sublicensees to maintain, complete and accurate records relating to amounts 
payable to VistaGen in relation to this Agreement. The relevant entity 
shall retain such records for at least [*****] following the end of the 
Calendar Year to which they pertain, during which time a certified, 
independent public accountant selected by VistaGen and reasonably 
acceptable to Apollo shall have the right, at VistaGen’s expense, to 
inspect such records during normal business hours to verify any reports and 
payments made or compliance in other respects under this Agreement. In the 
event that any audit performed under this Section 5.3 reveals an 
underpayment in excess of [*****], Apollo shall bear the full out-of-pocket 
cost of such audit and shall remit any amounts due to VistaGen within 
[*****] of receiving written notice thereof from VistaGen.


 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-9-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
5.4 Confidentiality of Reports and Records. The reports and records 
(including the R&D Plan) provided by Apollo hereunder shall be regarded as 
Apollo’s Confidential Information (as defined below) and, notwithstanding 
Section 5.5 below, VistaGen hereby covenants that it shall not use or 
disclose any information included in such reports for any purpose other 
than determining whether Apollo, its Affiliates and Sublicensees have 
complied with their obligations under this Agreement; provided that 
VistaGen may disclose such reports to UHN solely to use for the same 
purpose. VistaGen further agrees that, notwithstanding Section 5.5 below, 
until such time as such information is no longer confidential through no 
fault of VistaGen, it shall maintain such reports and any information 
included therein in strict confidence and treat such information in a 
manner at least as restrictive as its manner of treating its own 
confidential information of similar nature and in any event not less than 
with a reasonable degree of care.


5.5 Confidentiality.


(a) Confidential Information; Exceptions. Except to the extent expressly 
authorized by this Agreement or otherwise agreed in writing, during the 
Term and for a period of [*****] thereafter, the Parties hereby agree to 
hold in strict confidence and not publish, disclose or transfer, directly 
or indirectly, or use for any purpose other than as provided for in this 
Agreement any information and materials furnished to it by or on behalf of 
the other Party or its Affiliates or generated pursuant to this Agreement 
(collectively, “Confidential Information”). For clarity, Confidential 
Information of a Party or its Affiliates will include, without limitation, 
all information and materials disclosed by such Party or its Affiliates or 
their respective designees that (a) is marked as “Confidential,” 
“Proprietary” or with similar designation at the time of disclosure or (b) 
by its nature can reasonably be expected to be considered Confidential 
Information by the recipient. Information disclosed orally will not be 
required to be identified as such to be considered Confidential 
Information. The terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the 
Confidential Information of both Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Confidential Information will not include any information to the extent 
that it can be established by written documentation by the receiving Party 
that such information: (a) was already known to the receiving Party, other 
than under an obligation of confidentiality (except to the extent such 
obligation has expired or an exception is applicable under the relevant 
agreement pursuant to which such obligation was established), at the time 
of disclosure, (b) was generally available to the public or otherwise part 
of the public domain at the time of its disclosure to the receiving Party, 
(c) became generally available to the public or otherwise part of the 
public domain after its disclosure and other than through any act or 
omission of the receiving Party in breach of this Agreement, (d) was 
independently developed by the receiving Party as demonstrated by written 
documentation prepared contemporaneously with such independent development; 
or (e) was disclosed to the receiving Party, other than under an obligation 
of confidentiality (except to the extent such obligation has expired or an 
exception is applicable under the relevant agreement pursuant to which such 
obligation was established), by a third party who had no obligation to the 
disclosing Party not to disclose such information to others.

 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-10-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
(b) Authorized Disclosure. Except as expressly provided otherwise in this 
Agreement, each Party may use and disclose Confidential Information of the 
other Party solely as follows: (a) under appropriate confidentiality 
provisions substantially equivalent to those in this Agreement: (i) in 
connection with the performance of its obligations or as reasonably 
necessary or useful in the exercise of its rights under this Agreement, 
including the right to grant licenses or sublicenses as permitted 
hereunder, or (ii) to actual or potential bona fide (sub)licensees, 
acquirers or assignees, collaborators, investment bankers, investors or 
lenders with whom a Party (or its Affiliates) has entered into good faith 
negotiations regarding a proposed transaction, or; (b) to the extent such 
disclosure is to a governmental authority as reasonably necessary in filing 
or prosecuting the UHN Patent Rights or Present Improvement Patent Rights, 
copyright and trademark applications in accordance with this Agreement, 
prosecuting or defending litigation related to this Agreement, complying 
with applicable governmental regulations with respect to performance under 
this Agreement, obtaining Regulatory Approval or fulfilling post-approval 
regulatory obligations for the Licensed Products, or otherwise required by 
applicable law; provided, however, that if a Party is required by 
applicable law or the rules of any securities exchange or automated 
quotation system to make any such disclosure of the other Party’s 
Confidential Information it will, except where impracticable for necessary 
disclosures (for example, in the event of medical emergency), give 
reasonable advance notice to the other Party of such disclosure requirement 
and, in each of the foregoing, will use its reasonable efforts to secure 
confidential treatment of such Confidential Information required to be 
disclosed and will only disclosed that Confidential Information that is 
required to be disclosed; (c) to advisors (including lawyers and 
accountants) on a need to know basis, in each case under appropriate 
confidentiality provisions or professional standards of confidentiality 
substantially equivalent to those of this Agreement, or (d) to the extent 
mutually agreed to by the Parties. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that 
the other Party may submit this Agreement to the SEC and if a Party does 
submit this Agreement to the SEC, such Party agrees to consult with the 
other Party with respect to the preparation and submission of, a 
confidential treatment request for this Agreement. If a Party is required 
by applicable law to make a disclosure of the terms of this Agreement in a 
filing with or other submission to the SEC, and [*****], then such Party 
will have the right to make such public disclosure at the time and in the 
manner reasonably determined by its counsel to be required by applicable 
law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, it is hereby 
understood and agreed that if a Party seeking to make a disclosure to the 
SEC as set forth in this Section 5.5(b), [*****] such comments, limit 
disclosure or obtain confidential treatment to the extent reasonably 
requested by the other Party.

(c) Press Releases. Neither Party may issue any press release or make any 
other public announcement or statement concerning this Agreement, the 
transactions contemplated hereby or the terms hereof, without the prior 
written approval of the other Party, except as may be required by 
applicable law. In the event either Party (the “Issuing Party”) desires to 
issue a press release or other public statement disclosing information 
relating to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or the 
terms hereof, the Issuing Party will provide the other Party (the “
Reviewing Party”) with a copy of the proposed press release or public 
statement (the “Release”) and seek the Reviewing Party’s prior written 
consent. The Issuing Party will specify with each such Release, taking into 
account the urgency of the matter being disclosed, a reasonable period of 
time within which the Receiving Party may provide any comments on such 
Release and if the Receiving Party fails to provide any comments during the 
response period called for by the Issuing Party, the Reviewing Party will 
be deemed to have consented to the issuance of such Release. If the 
Receiving Party provides any comments, the Parties will consult on such 
Release and work in good faith to prepare a mutually acceptable Release. 
Either Party may subsequently publicly disclose any information previously 
contained in any Release so consented to.

 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-11-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
ARTICLE 6

PATENT PROSECUTION

6.1 Responsibility for UHN Patent Rights. Pursuant to each License 
Agreement, VistaGen has the right to control the preparation, filing, 
prosecution, defense in post-grant or post-issuance administrative 
proceedings, and maintenance of all patents and patent applications in 
respect of the UHN Patent Rights in the Territory. VistaGen hereby grants 
to Apollo the sole and exclusive right to exercise all of its rights 
regarding patent prosecution, maintenance and enforcement under each 
License Agreement, and VistaGen hereby appoints Apollo to act as its agent, 
to prepare, file, prosecute, maintain and defend in all agency proceedings 
(e.g., reissues, reexaminations, oppositions and interferences) all of the 
UHN Patent Rights during the Term. Likewise, VistaGen hereby grants to 
Apollo the sole and exclusive right to prepare, file, prosecute, maintain 
and defend in all agency proceedings (e.g., reissues, reexaminations, 
oppositions and interferences) any and all patent rights within the Present 
Improvements (the “Present Improvement Patent Rights” and together with 
Future Improvement Patent Rights, “Improvement Patent Rights”) during the 
Term. With respect to the foregoing, Apollo shall copy VistaGen on all 
patent prosecution documents and give VistaGen reasonable opportunities to 
advise Apollo on such filing, prosecution and maintenance. In the event 
Apollo desires to abandon any patent or patent application within the UHN 
Patent Rights or Present Improvement Patent Rights, Apollo shall provide 
VistaGen with reasonable prior written notice of such intended abandonment 
or decline of responsibility. If VistaGen elects to continue such patent or 
patent application, the Parties shall consult and Apollo may elect to 
retain responsibility therefor. Otherwise, the right to prepare, file, 
prosecute, maintain and defend the relevant UHN Patent Rights or Present 
Improvement Patent Rights, at VistaGen’s expense, shall revert to VistaGen 
and with respect to the UHN Patent Rights shall be subject to the terms and 
conditions of the applicable License Agreement.


6.2 Payment of Expenses. The Parties acknowledge and agree that pursuant to 
each License Agreement, payment of all fees and costs, including, without 
limitation, attorney’s fees, for the filing, prosecution and maintenance of 
the UHN Patent Rights incurred by UHN before the Effective Date shall be 
the responsibility of VistaGen. Apollo shall be responsible for all such 
fees and costs incurred after the Effective Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt, Apollo shall not be responsible for payment of any fees and costs 
associated with the prosecution and maintenance of the UHN Patent Rights or 
Present Improvement Patent Rights incurred prior to the Effective Date.


6.3 Patent Extensions and Orange or Purple Book Listings. If elections with 
respect to obtaining patent term extensions (including, without limitation, 
any available pediatric extensions) or supplemental protection certificates 
or their equivalents in any country with respect to UHN Patent Rights or 
Present Improvement Patent Rights are available, Apollo shall have the sole 
and exclusive right to make any such elections based on Licensed Products. 
With respect to data exclusivity periods (such as those periods listed in 
the FDA’s Orange or Purple Book (including, without limitation, any 
available pediatric extensions) or periods under national implementations 
of Article 10.1(a)(iii) of Directive 2001/EC/83 or orphan exclusivity 
periods, and all equivalents in any country), Apollo shall have the sole 
and exclusive right to seek and maintain all such data exclusivity periods 
available for the Licensed Products. With respect to all of the rights and 
activities identified in this Section 6.3, VistaGen hereby appoints Apollo 
as its agent for such purposes with the authority to act on VistaGen’s 
behalf with respect to the UHN Patent Rights or Present Improvement Patent 
Rights in a manner consistent with this Agreement.


ARTICLE 7

INFRINGEMENT

7.1 Notification of Infringement of Licensed IP or Improvements. Each Party 
agrees to provide written notice to the other Party promptly after becoming 
aware of any infringement of the Licensed IP or Improvements by a third 
party and of any available evidence thereof, including to the extent 
VistaGen receives notice from UHN of any infringement of the Licensed IP by 
a third party and of any available evidence thereof.


 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-12-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
7.2 Right to Prosecute Infringements. Pursuant to each License Agreement, 
VistaGen has the right to determine the appropriate course of action to 
enforce the Licensed IP or otherwise abate the infringement thereof, to 
take (or refrain from taking) appropriate action to enforce the Licensed 
IP, to defend any declaratory judgments seeking to invalidate or hold the 
Licensed IP unenforceable, to control any litigation or other enforcement 
action and to enter into, or permit, the settlement of any such litigation, 
declaratory judgments or other enforcement action with respect to Licensed 
IP.
 
(a) Apollo Right to Prosecute. VistaGen hereby assigns to Apollo the first 
and exclusive right, but not the obligation, under its own control and at 
its own expense, to prosecute any third party infringement of the Licensed 
IP or Present Improvements, subject to Sections 7.4 and 7.5. The total cost 
of any such infringement action commenced or defended solely by Apollo 
shall be borne by Apollo.

(b) VistaGen Right to Prosecute. If within [*****] after having been 
notified of any alleged infringement that is material and competitive in 
the marketplace Apollo is unsuccessful in persuading the alleged infringer 
to desist and shall not have brought and shall not be diligently 
prosecuting an infringement action, then VistaGen shall have the right, but 
shall not be obligated, under its own control and at its own expense, to 
prosecute any infringement of the Licensed IP or Present Improvements, and, 
with respect to the Licensed IP, the terms and conditions of the applicable 
License Agreement shall govern.

7.3 Declaratory Judgment Actions. If a declaratory judgment action is 
brought naming UHN, VistaGen or Apollo or any of its Affiliates or 
Sublicensees as a defendant and alleging invalidity, unenforceability or 
non-infringement of any UHN Patent Rights or Improvement Patent Rights, 
Apollo or VistaGen, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the other 
Party in writing and Apollo may elect, upon written notice to VistaGen 
within [*****] after receiving or giving notice of the commencement of such 
action, to take over the sole control of such action at its own expense 
solely with respect to UHN Patent Rights or Present Improvement Patent 
Rights. If Apollo does not defend any such action, then VistaGen shall have 
the right, but shall not be obligated, to defend such action at VistaGen’s 
expense and, with respect to the UHN Patent Rights, the terms of the 
applicable License Agreement shall govern.


7.4 Offsets. Apollo may offset a total of [*****] of any expenses incurred 
under Sections 7.2 and 7.3 against any payments due to VistaGen under 
Article 4, provided that in no event shall such payments under Article 4, 
when aggregated with any other offsets and credits allowed under this 
Agreement, be reduced by more than [*****] in any Reporting Period.


7.5 Recovery. In the event that either Party exercises the rights conferred 
in this Article 7 and recovers any damages or other sums in such action, 
such damages or other sums recovered shall first be applied to all 
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Parties in connection 
therewith (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees). If such 
recovery is insufficient to cover all such costs and expenses of both 
Parties, the controlling Party’s costs shall be paid in full first before 
any of the other Party’s costs. If after such reimbursement any funds shall 
remain from such damages or other sums recovered, such funds shall be 
retained by the Party that controlled the action or proceeding under this 
Article 7; provided, however, that (a) if Apollo is the Party that 
controlled such action or proceeding, VistaGen shall receive out of any 
such remaining recovery received by Apollo an amount equal to royalties 
payable hereunder by treating such remaining recovery as “Net Sales” 
hereunder and (b) if VistaGen is the Party that controlled such action or 
proceeding, the remaining recovery received by VistaGen shall be shared 
equally between Apollo and VistaGen.


7.6 Cooperation. Each Party agrees to cooperate in any action under this 
Article 7 which is controlled by the other Party, including, without 
limitation, joining such action as a party plaintiff if necessary or 
desirable for initiation or continuation of such action; provided that the 
controlling Party reimburses the cooperating Party promptly for any 
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the cooperating Party in 
connection with providing such assistance.


 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-13-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
ARTICLE 8

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

8.1 Indemnification of VistaGen. Apollo hereby agrees to indemnify, defend 
and hold harmless each of VistaGen and its Affiliates and its and their 
trustees, directors, officers, employees, scientists, agents, successors, 
assigns and other representatives (collectively, the “VistaGen Indemnitees
”) from and against all damages, liabilities, losses and other expenses, 
including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees, expert witness 
fees and costs (collectively, “Losses”), regarding any claims, suits or 
proceedings brought by a third party, whether or not a lawsuit or other 
proceeding is filed (collectively “Claim”), that arise out of or relate to 
(a) any product, process, or service that is made, used, sold, imported, or 
performed by or on behalf of Apollo pursuant to any right or license 
granted under this Agreement, (b) Apollo’s failure to comply with any 
applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with this Agreement and 
(c) the [*****] of Apollo, except that Apollo’s liability for damages under 
its indemnity shall be reduced or apportioned to the extent any claim is 
proximately caused by VistaGen’s [*****]. [*****].


8.2 Indemnification of Apollo. VistaGen hereby agrees to indemnify, defend 
and hold harmless Apollo and its Affiliates and its and their trustees, 
directors, officers, employees, scientists, agents, successors, assigns and 
other representatives (collectively, the “Apollo Indemnitees”) from and 
against all Losses regarding any Claims that arise out of or relate to (a) 
any product, process, or service that is made, used, sold, imported, or 
performed by or on behalf of VistaGen using or incorporating the Licensed 
IP, (b) VistaGen’s failure to comply with any applicable laws, rules or 
regulations in connection with this Agreement, (c) any Claims brought by 
UHN with respect to any payments due and payable to UHN under any License 
Agreement and (d) the [*****] of VistaGen, except that VistaGen’s liability 
for damages under its indemnity shall be reduced or apportioned to the 
extent any claim is proximately caused by Apollo’s [*****].


8.3 Indemnification Procedure. A party entitled to indemnification 
hereunder shall provide the indemnifying Party with prompt written notice 
of any claim, suit, action, demand, or judgment for which indemnification 
is sought under this Agreement. The indemnifying Party shall, at its own 
expense, provide attorneys reasonably acceptable to the other Party to 
defend against any such claim. The indemnified Party shall cooperate fully 
with the indemnifying Party in such defense and shall permit the 
indemnifying Party to conduct and control such defense and the disposition 
of such claim, suit, or action (including all decisions relative to 
litigation, appeal, and settlement).


8.4 Insurance. Within [*****] after the Effective Date, Apollo shall obtain 
and carry in full force and effect commercial general liability insurance, 
including, without limitation, product liability and errors and omissions 
insurance which shall protect Apollo and VistaGen Indemnitees with respect 
to events covered by Section 8.1. The limits of such insurance shall be 
customary and reasonable in Apollo’s industry. At the request of VistaGen, 
Apollo shall provide VistaGen with Certificates of Insurance evidencing 
compliance with this Section 8.4. Apollo shall continue to maintain such 
insurance after the expiration or termination of this Agreement during any 
period in which Apollo or any Affiliate or Sublicensee continues to make, 
use, or sell a product that was a Licensed Product under this Agreement, 
[*****].


ARTICLE 9

REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES

9.1 Mutual Representations. Each Party represents and warrants to the other 
that (i) such Party is a company or corporation duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which 
it is organized; (ii) such Party has the legal power and authority to 
execute, deliver and perform this Agreement; (iii) the execution, delivery 
and performance by such Party of this Agreement has been duly authorized by 
all necessary corporate action; (iv) this Agreement constitutes the legal, 
valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party 
in accordance with its terms; and (v) the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement shall not cause or result in a violation of 
any law, of such Party’s charter documents, or of any contract by which 
such Party is bound.


 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-14-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
9.2 VistaGen Representations, Warranties and Covenants. VistaGen 
represents, warrants and covenants that:


(a) it has, or will have (with respect to Future Improvements), the power 
and authority to grant the licenses and sublicenses provided for herein to 
Apollo, and that it has not earlier granted, or assumed any obligation to 
grant, any rights in the Licensed IP or Improvements to any third party 
that would conflict with the rights granted to Apollo herein;

(b) it has obtained from UHN the exclusive right to grant sublicenses 
(including exclusive sublicenses) under the Licensed IP;

(c) as of the Effective Date, neither UHN nor VistaGen is in breach of any 
License Agreement, nor has VistaGen received any notification from UHN 
alleging it is in breach of any License Agreement;

(d) during the Term, in the event that it (i) receives formal written 
notice from UHN of a material breach of its obligations under any License 
Agreement or (ii) sends formal written notice to UHN of a material breach 
of UHN’s obligations under any License Agreement, in each of (i) and (ii), 
it shall promptly provide Apollo a copy of any such written notice;

(e) as of the Effective Date, to its knowledge, there are no actions, 
suits, investigations, claims or proceedings pending or threatened in 
writing relating to the Licensed IP or Improvements;

(f) as of the Effective Date, VistaGen has not received any written notice 
from UHN or any third party with respect to any actions, suits, 
investigations, claims or proceedings pending or threatened in writing 
relating to the Licensed IP or Improvements;

(g) other than the License Agreements and the VistaGen SRA, it does not 
license or does not have the right to license from UHN any other patent 
rights or other intellectual property applicable to the Apollo Field of 
Use;

(h) during the Term, VistaGen shall not breach or default under any 
provision of each License Agreement; and

(i) during the Term and thereafter, VistaGen shall not amend or modify any 
License Agreement in any manner without the prior written consent of 
Apollo.

9.3 Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN 
THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY OTHER WARRANTIES CONCERNING 
LICENSED IP, IMPROVEMENTS OR ANY OTHER MATTER WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR 
ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF CONDUCT OR TRADE CUSTOM OR USAGE, AND EACH PARTY 
DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES. VISTAGEN MAKES NO 
WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION AS TO THE VALIDITY OR SCOPE OF UHN PATENT RIGHTS 
OR IMPROVEMENT PATENT RIGHTS, OR THAT ANY LICENSED PRODUCT SHALL BE FREE 
FROM AN INFRINGEMENT ON PATENTS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF 
THIRD PARTIES. FURTHER, VISTAGEN HAS MADE NO INVESTIGATION AND MAKES NO 
REPRESENTATION THAT THE UHN PATENT RIGHTS OR IMPROVEMENT PATENT RIGHTS ARE 
SUITABLE FOR APOLLO’S PURPOSES.


 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-15-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
9.4 Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR [*****], IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER 
PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF 
PROFITS OR EXPECTED SAVINGS OR OTHER ECONOMIC LOSSES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER. EACH PARTY’S 
AGGREGATE LIABILITY, IF ANY, FOR ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY APOLLO 
TO VISTAGEN UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS 
SHALL APPLY TO ALL CLAIMS AND ACTIONS OF ANY KIND AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR ANY OTHER GROUNDS, AND REGARDLESS OF 
WHETHER THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. THE 
PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT EACH WARRANTY DISCLAIMER, EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES 
OR OTHER LIMITATION OF LIABILITY HEREIN IS INTENDED TO BE SEVERABLE AND 
INDEPENDENT OF THE OTHER PROVISIONS SINCE THEY EACH REPRESENT SEPARATE 
ELEMENTS OF RISK ALLOCATION BETWEEN THE PARTIES.


9.5 Breach by VistaGen. In the event that VistaGen commits a breach of any 
License Agreement and Apollo receives notice of such breach, within 
[*****] of the receipt of any such notice of breach, subject to any cure 
period permitted under the applicable License Agreement, Apollo may request 
to meet with UHN and VistaGen and representatives of the Parties shall meet 
and discuss in good faith a potential cure of such breach in accordance 
with the terms of the applicable License Agreement. In the event VistaGen 
is unable to cure such breach, VistaGen hereby provides Apollo (or any of 
its Affiliates or Sublicensees) the right, but not the obligation, to cure 
such breach directly with UHN on VistaGen’s behalf in accordance with the 
terms of the applicable License Agreement. VistaGen shall reimburse Apollo 
(or any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees) for any and all costs and 
expenses incurred in attempting to cure, or curing, such breach. In the 
event such breach is unable to be cured or is not cured (including because 
Apollo does not elect to cure such breach), at Apollo’s request, VistaGen 
shall use all reasonable efforts to assist Apollo in entering into a direct 
license with UHN equal in scope to the sublicense set forth in Article 2, 
[*****]. VistaGen further agrees not to impede, restrict or otherwise 
interfere with the entrance of Apollo and UHN into such direct license.


9.6 Breach by UHN. In the event that UHN commits a material breach of any 
License Agreement and such License Agreement is terminated as a result of 
such breach, VistaGen shall delegate to Apollo, or pursue at Apollo’s 
written request and expense, any cause of action that VistaGen may have 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable License Agreement.


ARTICLE 10

ASSIGNMENT

            This Agreement, and the rights and obligations hereunder, may 
not be assigned or transferred, in whole or in part, by either Party 
without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that no 
consent shall be required for either Party to assign this Agreement to (i) 
any entity acquiring it or all or substantially all of the assets of such 
Party as to which this Agreement relates whether by sale, merger, operation 
of law or otherwise (including, for clarity, with respect to VistaGen all 
of the License Agreements), or (ii) any of its Affiliates; provided that 
upon any such assignment with respect to VistaGen, VistaGen shall similarly 
assign each License Agreement and that certain letter agreement by and 
among UHN, Apollo and VistaGen effective as of the date hereof (the “
Letter Agreement”) such that the VistaGen contracting party in each License 
Agreement and the Letter Agreement is the same VistaGen contracting party 
as in this Agreement. Each Party shall notify the other Party no later than 
[*****] after any assignment of this Agreement. Any assignment in 
circumvention of the foregoing shall be void. Subject to the foregoing, 
this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
Parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.

 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-16-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
ARTICLE 11

GENERAL COMPLIANCE WITH LAW

11.1 Compliance with Laws. Apollo shall use reasonable commercial efforts 
to comply with all commercially material local, state, federal, and 
international laws and regulations relating to the development, 
manufacture, use, and sale of Licensed Products.


11.2 Export Control. Apollo and its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall 
comply with all United States laws and regulations controlling the export 
of certain commodities and technical data, including, without limitation, 
all Export Administration Regulations of the United States Department of 
Commerce. Among other things, these laws and regulations prohibit or 
require a license for the export of certain types of commodities and 
technical data to specified countries. Apollo hereby gives written 
assurance that it shall comply with, and shall cause its Affiliates and 
Sublicensees to comply with, all United States export control laws and 
regulations, that it bears sole responsibility for any violation of such 
laws and regulations by itself or its Affiliates or Sublicensees, and that 
it shall indemnify, defend, and hold VistaGen harmless (in accordance with 
Section 8.1) for the consequences of any such violation.


11.3 Marking of Licensed Products. To the extent commercially feasible and 
consistent with prevailing business practices, Apollo shall mark, and shall 
cause its Affiliates and Sublicensees to mark, all Licensed Products that 
are manufactured or sold under this Agreement with the number of each 
issued patent under the UHN Patent Rights or Improvement Patent Rights that 
applies to such Licensed Product.


ARTICLE 12

TERMINATION

12.1 Term. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of 
this Article 12, this Agreement shall continue in force on a 
country-by-country and Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product basis until the 
expiration of the last to expire patent within the UHN Patent Rights or 
Improvement Patent Rights (the “Term”). Following the end of the Term for 
any such Licensed Product in such country by expiration (but not 
termination), the licenses granted to Apollo under Sections 2.1(a)-(c) will 
become perpetual, irrevocable, non-terminable, fully paid-up and 
royalty-free.


12.2 Voluntary Termination by Apollo.


(a) Apollo shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, for any 
reason, upon at least [*****] prior written notice to VistaGen, such notice 
to state the date at least [*****] in the future upon which termination is 
to be effective.

(b) Apollo shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately 
upon written notice to VistaGen on a Licensed IP-by-Licensed IP, UHN Patent 
Right-by-UHN Patent Right, Improvement-by-Improvement or Improvement Patent 
Right-by-Improvement Patent Right basis, such notice to state the Licensed 
IP, UHN Patent Right, Improvement or Improvement Patent Right for which 
such termination shall be applicable (such terminated patent right or other 
intellectual property, the “Terminated IP”). In the event Apollo provides 
such notice, the Terminated IP will no longer be subject to this Agreement, 
all licenses or sublicenses to such Terminated IP will terminate and Apollo 
shall have no further rights or obligations with respect to such Terminated 
IP as of the date of VistaGen’s receipt of such written notice.

 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-17-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
12.3 Termination for Breach.


(a) In the event Apollo commits a material breach of its obligations under 
this Agreement, and fails to cure that breach within [*****] after 
receiving written notice thereof, VistaGen may terminate this Agreement 
immediately upon written notice to Apollo, subject to completion of the 
dispute resolution process set forth in Article 13 and subsequent cure. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if VistaGen terminates this Agreement due to 
Apollo’s failure to timely pay the sublicense and license issue fee 
required in Section 4.1(a), the termination is effective upon notice and 
the dispute resolution process set forth in Article 13 shall not apply to 
such termination.

(b) In the event VistaGen commits a material breach of its obligations 
under this Agreement, Apollo may, in its discretion, either (i) terminate 
this Agreement if VistaGen has not cured such breach within [*****] after 
receipt of written notice thereof or (ii) continue this Agreement and seek 
arbitration pursuant to Article 13 confirming that such breach has in fact 
occurred and/or seeking specific performance, and if such arbitration finds 
that such breach indeed has occurred, then any future payments to VistaGen 
pursuant to Article 4 of this Agreement shall be reduced by [*****] as of 
the termination date.

12.4 Other Grounds for Bankruptcy. A Party may terminate this Agreement 
immediately if the other Party hereto is declared insolvent or commits an 
act of bankruptcy.


12.5 Effect of Expiration or Termination.


(a) Survival. The following provisions shall survive the expiration or 
termination of this Agreement: Article 1, Article 8, Article 9, Article 13 
and Article 14, and Sections 4.1(f), 5.2 (but only with respect to 
obligation to provide final report and payment), 5.3, 11.1, 11.2, 12.1 (but 
only with respect to the second sentence) and 12.5.

(b) Inventory. Upon the early termination of this Agreement, Apollo and its 
Affiliates and Sublicensees may complete and sell any work-in-progress and 
inventory of Licensed Products that exist as of the effective date of 
termination, provided that (i) Apollo pays VistaGen the applicable running 
royalty or other amounts due on Net Sales of any Revenue Bearing Products 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and (ii) 
Apollo and its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall complete and sell all 
work-in-progress and inventory of Licensed Products after the effective 
date of termination.

(c) Expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason shall not 
relieve either Party of any liability or obligation which accrued hereunder 
prior to the effective date of such termination or expiration.

ARTICLE 13

DISPUTE RESOLUTION

13.1 Mandatory Procedures. The Parties agree that any dispute arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved solely by means of the 
procedures set forth in this Article 13, and that such procedures 
constitute legally binding obligations that are an essential provision of 
this Agreement. If either Party fails to observe the procedures of this 
Article 13, as may be modified by their written agreement, the other Party 
may bring an action for specific performance of these procedures in any 
court of competent jurisdiction.


13.2 Equitable Remedies. Although the procedures specified in this Article 
13 are the sole and exclusive procedures for the resolution of disputes 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, either Party may seek a 
preliminary injunction or other provisional equitable relief if, in its 
reasonable judgment, such action is necessary to avoid irreparable harm to 
itself or to preserve its rights under this Agreement.


 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-18-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
13.3 Dispute Resolution Procedures. Any controversy or claim arising out of 
or relating to this Agreement, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by 
binding confidential arbitration in accordance with the Commercial 
Arbitration Rules (the “Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association (“
AAA”), and the procedures set forth below. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Rules of AAA and the procedures set forth below, 
the procedures set forth below shall control. Judgment upon the award 
rendered by the arbitrators may be enforced in any court having 
jurisdiction thereof.


(a) The location of the arbitration shall be in the County of New York. 
VistaGen and Apollo hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction 
and venue of the AAA arbitration panel selected by the Parties and located 
in New York, New York for any dispute regarding this Agreement, and to the 
exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts located in 
New York, New York for any action or proceeding to enforce an arbitration 
award or as otherwise provided in Section 13.3(e), and waive any right to 
contest or otherwise object to such jurisdiction or venue.

(b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three neutral 
arbitrators who are independent and disinterested with respect to the 
Parties, this Agreement, and the outcome of the arbitration. Each Party 
shall appoint one neutral arbitrator, and these two arbitrators so selected 
by the Parties shall then select the third arbitrator, and all arbitrators 
must have at least ten (10) years’ experience in mediating or arbitrating 
cases regarding the same or substantially similar subject matter as the 
dispute between VistaGen and Apollo. If one Party has given written notice 
to the other Party as to the identity of the arbitrator appointed by the 
Party, and the Party thereafter makes a written demand on the other Party 
to appoint its designated arbitrator within the next ten days, and the 
other Party fails to appoint its designated arbitrator within ten days 
after receiving said written demand, then the arbitrator who has already 
been designated shall appoint the other two arbitrators.

(c) The arbitrators shall decide any disputes and shall control the process 
concerning these pre-hearing discovery matters. Pursuant to the Rules of 
AAA, the Parties may subpoena witnesses and documents for presentation at 
the hearing.

(d) Prompt resolution of any dispute is important to both Parties; and the 
Parties agree that the arbitration of any dispute shall be conducted 
expeditiously. The arbitrators are instructed and directed to assume case 
management initiative and control over the arbitration process (including, 
without limitation, scheduling of events, pre-hearing discovery and 
activities, and the conduct of the hearing), in order to complete the 
arbitration as expeditiously as is reasonably practical for obtaining a 
just resolution of the dispute.

(e) The arbitrators may grant any legal or equitable remedy or relief that 
the arbitrators deem just and equitable, to the same extent that remedies 
or relief could be granted by a state or federal court, provided however, 
that no punitive damages may be awarded. No court action shall be 
maintained seeking punitive damages. The decision of any two of the three 
arbitrators appointed shall be binding upon the Parties. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, prior to or while an 
arbitration proceeding is pending, either Party has the right to seek and 
obtain injunctive and other equitable relief from a court of competent 
jurisdiction to enforce that Party’s rights hereunder.

(f) The expenses of the arbitration, including, without limitation, the 
arbitrators’ fees, expert witness fees, and attorney’s fees, may be awarded 
to the prevailing Party, in the discretion of the arbitrators, or may be 
apportioned between the Parties in any manner deemed appropriate by the 
arbitrators. Unless and until the arbitrators decide that one Party is to 
pay for all (or a share) of such expenses, both Parties shall share equally 
in the payment of the arbitrators’ fees as and when billed by the 
arbitrators.

(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any disputes arising hereunder with 
respect to the inventorship, validity, enforceability or other aspect of 
intellectual property rights shall be resolved by a court of competent 
jurisdiction and not by arbitration.

 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-19-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
(h) Except as set forth below and as necessary to obtain or enforce a 
judgment upon any arbitration award, the Parties shall keep confidential 
the fact of the arbitration, the dispute being arbitrated, and the decision 
of the arbitrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties may disclose 
information about the arbitration to persons who have a need to know, such 
as directors, trustees, management employees, witnesses, experts, 
investors, attorneys, lenders, insurers, actual or potential collaborators 
or corporate partners of Apollo, actual or potential acquirors of Apollo, 
and others who may be directly affected provided that such persons are 
bound to keep such information confidential. Additionally, if a Party has 
stock which is publicly traded, the Party may make such disclosures as are 
required by applicable securities laws, but shall use commercially 
reasonably efforts to seek confidential treatment for such disclosure.

13.4 Performance to Continue. Each Party shall continue to perform its 
undisputed obligations under this Agreement pending final resolution of any 
dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement; provided, however, 
that a Party may suspend performance of its undisputed obligations during 
any period in which the other Party fails or refuses to perform its 
undisputed obligations.


13.5 Statute of Limitations. The Parties agree that all applicable statutes 
of limitation and time-based defenses (such as estoppel and laches) shall 
be tolled while the procedures set forth in Section 13.5 are pending. The 
Parties shall cooperate in taking any actions necessary to achieve this 
result.


ARTICLE 14

MISCELLANEOUS

14.1 Notice. Any notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall 
be in writing, shall specifically refer to this Agreement, and shall be 
sent by hand, recognized national overnight courier, confirmed facsimile 
transmission, confirmed electronic mail, or registered or certified mail, 
postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the following addresses or 
facsimile numbers of the Parties:


If to VistaGen:

VistaGen Therapeutics, Inc.
                  343 Allerton Ave
                  South San Francisco, CA 94080
Attention: Shawn K. Singh, CEO
 

If to Apollo:

                  Apollo Biologics LP
                  c/o Versant Venture Management, LLC
                  One Sansome
                  Suite 3630
                  San Francisco, CA 94104
Attention: Jerel Davis, Authorized Representative
 

All notices under this Agreement shall be deemed effective upon receipt. A 
Party may change its contact information immediately upon written notice to 
the other Party in the manner provided in this Section 14.1.

14.2 Governing Law. This Agreement and all disputes arising out of or 
related to this Agreement, or the performance, enforcement, breach or 
termination hereof, and any remedies relating thereto, shall be construed, 
governed, interpreted and applied in accordance with the laws of the State 
of Delaware, without regard to conflict of laws principles, except that 
questions affecting the construction and effect of any patent shall be 
determined by the law of the country in which the patent shall have been 
granted.


 
 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-20-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
14.3 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be responsible for delays resulting 
from causes beyond the reasonable control of such Party, including, without 
limitation fire, explosion, flood, war, strike, or riot, provided that the 
nonperforming Party uses commercially reasonable efforts to avoid or remove 
such causes of nonperformance and continues performance under this 
Agreement with reasonable dispatch whenever such causes are removed.


14.4 Amendment and Waiver. This Agreement may be amended, supplemented, or 
otherwise modified only by means of a written instrument signed by both 
Parties. Any waiver of any rights or failure to act in a specific instance 
shall relate only to such instance and shall not be construed as an 
agreement to waive any rights or fail to act in any other instance, whether 
or not similar.


14.5 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall 
be held invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or 
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, 
and the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement to 
preserve (to the extent possible) their original intent. If the Parties 
fail to reach a modified agreement within thirty (30) days after the 
relevant provision is held invalid or unenforceable, then the dispute shall 
be resolved in accordance with the procedures set forth in Article 13. 
While the dispute is pending resolution, this Agreement shall be construed 
as if such provision were deleted by agreement of the Parties.


14.6 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the Parties and their respective legal representatives, 
successors and assigns.


14.7 Headings. All headings are for convenience only and shall not affect 
the meaning of any provision of this Agreement.


14.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement 
between the Parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all 
prior agreements or understandings between the parties relating to its 
subject matter.


14.9 Construction. The use of words in the singular or plural, or with a 
particular gender, shall not limit the scope or exclude the application of 
any provision of this Agreement to such person or persons or circumstances 
as the context otherwise permits. The words “will” and “shall” shall have 
the same meaning and, unless the context otherwise requires, the use of the 
word “or” is used in the inclusive sense (and/or). The term “including, 
“include,” or “includes” as used herein shall mean including, without 
limiting the generality of any description preceding such term, 
irrespective of whether such term is used “without limitation” or “without 
limiting” throughout this Agreement.


14.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts signed 
separately by the Parties, each of which together shall constitute one and 
the same instrument. Execution of this Agreement may be concluded by 
signing and delivery by electronic transmission to a Party of the other 
Party’s signed copy.


[remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

 
      ___________________
 
 
*****
VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS REQUESTED THAT THE OMITTED PORTIONS OF THIS 
DOCUMENT, WHICH ARE INDICATED BY [*****], BE AFFORDED CONFIDENTIAL 
TREATMENT. VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS SEPARATELY FILED THE OMITTED 
PORTIONS OF THE DOCUMENT WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
 
 
-21-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
by their duly authorized representatives.

 

 

VISTAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
By: /s/ Shawn K. Singh

Name: Shawn K. Singh

Title: Chief Executive Officer

 
 

 
-22-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 

 
  APOLLO BIOLOGICS LP

 
 
 
 By: BJD Newco, LLC, its general partner

 
 
 
 By: /s/ Jerel Davis
 
 Name: Jerel Davis
 
 Title: Authorized Representative

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
-23-

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
EXHIBIT A

LICENSED IP

      [*****]

 

      [*****]

 

 
 
A-1

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
      [*****]


 

[*****]


 

 
 
A-2

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
[*****]

 

 

 

 

 

 
A-3

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
[*****]

 

 

 

 

 

 
A-4

 
Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 
[*****]
 

 

 

 

 

 
A-5

Exclusive License and Sublicense Agreement
 

[*****]
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
A-6