 EX-10.4 6 d370392dex104.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4

EXECUTION VERSION

WARRANT AGREEMENT

This WARRANT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of May 10, 2017, by 
and between AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, LLC, a New York 
limited liability trust company (the Warrant Agent). Capitalized terms 
used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given them in 
Section 25 hereof.


RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company is issuing Warrants (the Warrants) to purchase 
shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (Common 
Stock) to certain investors who participate in an exchange offer for 
Affinion Group, Inc.s currently outstanding 7.875% Senior Notes due 2018 
(the Existing AGI Notes), the Companys currently outstanding 
13.75%/14.50% Senior Secured PIK/Toggle Notes due 2018 (the Existing 
Holdings Notes) and Affinion Investments, LLCs currently outstanding 
13.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2018 (together with the Existing AGI 
Notes and the Existing Holdings Notes, the Existing Notes) being 
consummated on or about the date hereof (the Exchange Offer and the 
Warrants issued thereunder, the Exchange Offer Warrants) and such 
Exchange Offer Warrants shall represent the right to acquire, in the 
aggregate, approximately 15.0% of the Common Stock on a Fully Diluted 
Basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein to maintain such percentage 
in case of the occurrence of certain events;

WHEREAS, certain investors have entered into that certain Investor Purchase 
Agreement, dated March 31, 2017 (the Investor Purchase Agreement) and, 
subject to the terms and conditions thereof, will receive Warrants as part 
of their funding fee (the Purchase Warrants), representing the right to 
acquire, in the aggregate, up to 16.25% (the Purchase Percentage) of the 
Common Stock on a Fully Diluted Basis, subject to adjustment as provided 
herein to maintain such percentage in case of the occurrence of certain 
events;

WHEREAS, in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 4.4 of the 
Shareholders Agreement (as defined below), after the consummation of the 
Exchange Offer and the Investor Purchase Agreement, each stockholder party 
to the Shareholders Agreement that is a Qualified Stockholder (as defined 
in the Shareholders Agreement) who has not agreed to waive its pre-emptive 
rights thereunder shall receive notice from the Company and related 
documentation, which shall set forth the terms and conditions of each such 
Qualified Stockholders right to acquire Warrants pursuant to the 
pre-emptive rights under the Shareholders Agreement (the Pre-Emptive 
Rights Offer and the Warrants issued thereunder, the Pre-Emptive Rights 
Offer Warrants);

WHEREAS, the Company desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the 
Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the 
issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, exercise and cancellation of 
the Warrants; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the 
Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the 
respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the 
Warrant Agent, and the Holders (as defined below).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, 
the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Appointment of the Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints 
the Warrant Agent to act as an agent for the Company for the Warrants, and 
the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the 
same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein.

Section 2. Warrants.
 
  	(a) 	Form of Warrant.

(i) Each Warrant shall be issued in certificated form only in substantially 
the form attached as Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which are 
incorporated herein, and shall be dated the date on which countersigned by 
the Warrant Agent, shall have such insertions as are appropriate or 
required or permitted by this Agreement and may have such letters, numbers 
or other marks of identification and such legends and endorsements typed, 
stamped, printed, lithographed or engraved thereon as the officers of the 
Company executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive 
evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions 
of this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any law or with any 
rule or regulation pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any 
securities exchange on which the Warrants may be listed, or to conform to 
usage. In the event a Person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon 
any Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such Person 
signed the Warrant before such Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the 
same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of 
issuance.

(ii) Pending the preparation of definitive certificates representing the 
Warrants (Warrant Certificates), temporary Warrant Certificates may be 
issued, which may be printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or 
otherwise produced, and which will be substantially of the tenor of the 
definitive Warrant Certificates in lieu of which they are issued.

If temporary Warrant Certificates are issued, the Company will cause 
definitive Warrant Certificates to be prepared without unreasonable delay. 
After the preparation of definitive Warrant Certificates, the temporary 
Warrant Certificates shall be exchangeable for definitive Warrant 
Certificates evidencing Warrants of the same number and tenor upon 
surrender by the Holder of the temporary Warrant Certificates to the 
Warrant Agent at the office of the Warrant Agent, without charge to such 
Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of any one or more temporary Warrant Certificates, the Company shall 
execute and the Warrant Agent shall countersign and deliver in exchange 
therefor Warrant Certificates of the same tenor and for a like aggregate 
number of Warrants. Until so exchanged, the temporary Warrant Certificates 
shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Agreement 
as definitive Warrant Certificates.

(iii) Each Warrant Certificate representing Domestic Restricted Warrants 
shall bear legends in substantially the following form:

THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UPON ITS EXERCISE ARE SUBJECT 
TO THE PROVISIONS OF A WARRANT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MAY 10, 2017, THE 
SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 9, 2015, AS AMENDED, AND THE 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS OF AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 
(THE COMPANY), EACH AS MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, INCLUDING 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND EXERCISE SET FORTH THEREIN. COPIES OF 
THE WARRANT AGREEMENT, THE SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT, AND THE CERTIFICATE OF 
INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS ARE ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF 
THE COMPANY.

THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UPON ITS EXERCISE ARE NOT AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT), OR UNDER ANY U.S. STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES 
LAWS, IN RELIANCE UPON APPLICABLE EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT AND SUCH STATE AND FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR 
INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO DISTRIBUTION OR RESALE IN CONTRAVENTION 
OF THE 1933 ACT OR ANY U.S. STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (INCLUDING THE SECURITIES TO BE 
ISSUED UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT) MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, OR 
OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE 1933 ACT AND ANY 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS, OR A CERTIFICATE EXECUTED 
BY AN AUTHORIZED OFFICER OF THE TRANSFEREE ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY 
CERTIFYING THAT NO SUCH REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED.

(iv) Each Warrant Certificate representing Regulation S Warrants shall bear 
legends in substantially the following form:

THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UPON ITS EXERCISE ARE SUBJECT 
TO THE PROVISIONS OF A WARRANT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MAY 10, 2017, THE 
SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT OF AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. (THE
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMPANY), DATED AS NOVEMBER 9, 2015, AS AMENDED, AND THE CERTIFICATE OF 
INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS OF THE COMPANY, EACH AS MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME 
TO TIME, INCLUDING CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND EXERCISE SET FORTH 
THEREIN. COPIES OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT, SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT, AND THE 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS ARE ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL 
EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF THE COMPANY.

THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UPON ITS EXERCISE HAVE NOT 
BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT) AND HAVE INSTEAD BEEN ISSUED IN RELIANCE ON 
REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE 1933 ACT. AS A RESULT, THE SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (INCLUDING THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UPON 
THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT) MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION. ANY HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS WARRANT OR THE 
SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UPON ITS EXERCISE MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE 1933 ACT. THE COMPANY WILL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OF 
THIS WARRANT OR THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UPON ITS EXERCISE NOT MADE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE 1933 ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. 
THE COMPANY MAY REQUIRE A CERTIFICATE EXECUTED BY AN AUTHORIZED OFFICER OF 
THE TRANSFEREE IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY CERTIFYING 
THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OR RESALE IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 1933 ACT.

(v) Each of the certificates representing the shares issued upon the 
exercise of a Domestic Restricted Warrant shall bear legends in 
substantially the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT OF AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 
(THE COMPANY), DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 9, 2015, AS AMENDED, AND THE 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS OF THE COMPANY, EACH AS MAY BE 
AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, INCLUDING CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET 
FORTH THEREIN. COPIES OF THE SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT AND THE CERTIFICATE OF 
INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS ARE ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF 
THE COMPANY.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT), OR UNDER 
ANY U.S. STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS, IN RELIANCE UPON APPLICABLE 
EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT AND SUCH 
STATE AND FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. THE SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR 
INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO DISTRIBUTION OR RESALE IN CONTRAVENTION 
OF THE 1933 ACT OR ANY U.S. STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. THE SHARES 
MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED 
UNDER THE 1933 ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE U.S. STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES 
LAWS, OR A CERTIFICATE EXECUTED BY AN AUTHORIZED OFFICER OF THE TRANSFEREE 
ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY CERTIFYING THAT NO SUCH REGISTRATION IS 
REQUIRED.

(vi) Each of the certificates representing shares issued upon the exercise 
of a Regulation S Warrant shall bear legends in substantially the following 
form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT OF AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 
(THE COMPANY), DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 9, 2015, AS AMENDED, AND THE 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS OF THE COMPANY, EACH AS MAY BE 
AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, INCLUDING CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET 
FORTH THEREIN. COPIES OF THE SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT AND THE CERTIFICATE OF 
INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS ARE ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF 
THE COMPANY.

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT), AND HAVE 
INSTEAD BEEN ISSUED IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE 1933 
ACT. AS A RESULT, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. ANY HEDGING TRANSACTIONS 
INVOLVING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE 
CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 1933 ACT. THE COMPANY WILL NOT 
REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OF THESE SECURITIES NOT MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE 1933 ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. THE COMPANY MAY 
REQUIRE A
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CERTIFICATE EXECUTED BY AN AUTHORIZED OFFICER OF THE TRANSFEREE IN FORM AND 
SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY CERTIFYING THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER 
OR RESALE IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 1933 ACT.

(vii) Subject to the terms hereof, including without limitation, if 
applicable, the restrictions on exercise under securities law, this 
Agreement, the Shareholders Agreement and the Companys Certificate of 
Incorporation and by-laws, each Warrant shall be exercisable for the number 
of shares of Common Stock set forth thereon as the same may be adjusted 
from time to time as set forth herein.
 
  	(b) 	Execution and Delivery of Warrant Certificates(c).

(i) At any time and from time to time on or after the date of this 
Agreement, Warrant Certificates evidencing the Warrants may be executed by 
the Company and delivered to the Warrant Agent for countersignature, and 
the Warrant Agent shall, when, as and if directed by the Company in writing 
, countersign and deliver such Warrant Certificates to the respective 
Persons entitled thereto, as specified by the Company. The Warrant Agent is 
further hereby authorized to countersign and deliver Warrant Certificates 
as required by this Section 2(b), Section 2(c), Section 3(b)(iii), Section 
4(a), Section 9(a), Section 10.

(ii) The Warrant Certificates shall be executed in the corporate name and 
on behalf of the Company by any of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or any one of the 
Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents or Vice Presidents of the 
Company, either manually or by facsimile signature printed thereon. The 
Warrant Certificates shall be countersigned by the Warrant Agent and shall 
not be valid for any purpose unless so countersigned. In case any officer 
of the Company whose signature shall have been placed upon any of the 
Warrant Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the Company before 
countersignature by the Warrant Agent and issue and delivery thereof, such 
Warrant Certificates may, nevertheless, be countersigned by the Warrant 
Agent and issued and delivered with the same force and effect as though 
such person had not ceased to be such officer of the Company, and any 
Warrant Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by such person 
as, at the actual date of the execution of such Warrant Certificate, shall 
be a proper officer of the Company, although at the date of the execution 
of this Warrant Agreement any such person was not such officer.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(c) 	Register; Registered Holder.

(i) Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the Warrant 
Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration 
of transfer of the Warrants in accordance with the restrictions on transfer 
set forth herein. Upon the initial issuance of any Warrants, the Warrant 
Agent shall issue and register the Warrants in the names of the respective 
Holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with 
instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company.

(ii) Registered Holder. The term Holder shall mean any Person in whose 
name ownership in the Warrants shall be registered upon the Warrant 
Register. Prior to due presentment for registration or transfer of any 
Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the Holder as 
the absolute owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant (notwithstanding any 
notation of ownership or other writing on a Warrant Certificate made by 
anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent), for the purpose of any 
exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor 
the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

Section 3. Exercise of Warrant.

(a) Subject to this Section 3, Section 9 and securities law, each Warrant, 
when countersigned by the Warrant Agent, may be exercised, in whole or in 
part, by the Holder thereof during the Exercise Period applicable to such 
Warrant. Any exercise of a Warrant shall be effected by:

(i) delivery to the Warrant Agent at the office of Warrant Agent, or, if 
applicable, at the office of its successor as Warrant Agent, of: (A) the 
Warrant Certificate evidencing the Warrant, (B) a written notice in the 
form attached as Exhibit B hereto (the Exercise Notice), properly 
completed and executed, stating that such Holder elects to exercise the 
Warrants in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3, specifying 
the name or names in which such Holder wishes the certificate or 
certificates for shares of Common Stock to be issued and making the 
appropriate securities law representation contained therein, (B) to the 
extent the Shareholders Agreement is still in effect at the time of 
exercise, a joinder to the Shareholders Agreement, in form and substance 
reasonably acceptable to the Company and (C) to the extent the Amended and 
Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of March 31, 2017 as may be 
amended from time to time (the Registration Rights Agreement) is still in 
effect at the time of exercise, a joinder to the Registration Rights 
Agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company; and

(ii) payment of the Exercise Price for the shares of Common Stock issuable 
upon exercise of such Warrants. Such Exercise Price shall be payable (A) by 
wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Company, 
(B) by a certified or official bank check payable to the order of the 
Company or (C) by the surrender (which surrender shall be evidenced by 
cancellation of the number of Warrants represented by any
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Warrant certificate presented in connection with a Cashless Exercise (as 
defined below)) of a Warrant or Warrants (represented by one or more 
relevant Warrant certificates), and without the payment of the Exercise 
Price in cash, in return for the delivery to the surrendering Holder of 
that number of shares of Common Stock equal to (I) the number shares of 
Common Stock for which such Warrant is exercisable as of the date of 
exercise (if the Exercise Price were being paid in cash, wire transfer or 
certified or official bank check) reduced by (II) that number of shares of 
Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the aggregate 
Exercise Price to be paid by (y) the Market Price of one share of Common 
Stock on the Business Day which next precedes the day of exercise of the 
Warrant. An exercise of a Warrant in accordance with clause (C) is herein 
referred to as a Cashless Exercise. The documentation and consideration, 
if any, delivered in accordance with this Section 3(a) are collectively 
referred to herein as the Warrant Exercise Documentation.

(b) As promptly as practicable, and in any event within five Business Days 
after receipt of the Warrant Exercise Documentation, the Company shall:

(i) deliver or cause to be delivered the certificates representing the 
number of validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common 
Stock properly specified in the Warrant Exercise Documentation;

(ii) if applicable, deliver or caused to be delivered cash in lieu of any 
fraction of a share of Common Stock, as hereinafter provided; and

(iii) if less than the full number of Warrants evidenced by a Warrant 
Certificate are being exercised, deliver or cause to be delivered (and the 
Warrant Agent shall so deliver or cause to be delivered at the request of 
the Company) a new Warrant Certificate(s), of like tenor, for the number of 
Warrants evidenced by such Warrant Certificate, less the number of Warrants 
then being exercised.

(c) An exercise shall be deemed to have been made at the close of business 
on the date of delivery of the Warrant Exercise Documentation so that, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, the Person entitled to receive 
shares of Common Stock upon such exercise shall be treated for all purposes 
as having become the Holder of such shares of Common Stock at such time. No 
such surrender shall be effective to constitute the Person entitled to 
receive such shares of Common Stock as the Holder thereof while the 
transfer books of the Company for Common Stock are closed for any purpose 
(but not for any period in excess of five Business Days), but any such 
surrender of this Warrant Certificate for exercise during any period while 
such books are so closed shall become effective for exercise immediately 
upon the reopening of such books, as if the exercise had been made on the 
date this Warrant Certificate was surrendered and for the number of shares 
of Common Stock specified in the Warrant Exercise Documentation and at the 
Exercise Price.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) The Company shall pay all expenses in connection with, and all taxes 
and other governmental charges (other than income taxes of the Holder) that 
may be imposed in respect of, the issue or delivery of any shares of Common 
Stock issuable upon the exercise of Warrants. The Company shall not be 
required, however, to pay any tax or other charge imposed in connection 
with any transfer involved in the issue of any certificate for shares of 
Common Stock in any name other than that of the Holder of the Warrants as 
recorded in the Warrant Register.

(e) In connection with the exercise of any Warrants, no fractions of shares 
of Common Stock shall be issued, but in lieu thereof the Company shall pay 
a cash adjustment in respect of such fractional interest in an amount equal 
to such fractional interest multiplied by the Market Price of a share of 
Common Stock on the Business Day which next precedes the day of exercise. 
If more than one such Warrant shall be exercised by the Holder thereof at 
the same time, the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such 
exercise shall be computed on the basis of the total number of Warrants so 
exercised.

Section 4. Adjustments.

(a) Adjustment of Number Issuable. The number of shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon the valid exercise of a Warrant (the Number Issuable) shall 
be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) In case the Company shall at any time or from time to time after the 
Issue Date:

(A) pay a dividend or make a distribution on the outstanding shares of 
Common Stock in capital stock of the Company;

(B) forward split or subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock into 
a larger number of shares; or

(C) reverse split or combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a 
smaller number of shares;

then, and in each such case (A) through (C), the Number Issuable in effect 
immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted (and any other 
appropriate actions shall be taken by the Company) so that the Holder of 
any Warrant thereafter exercised shall be entitled to receive the number of 
shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company which such Holder 
would have owned or had been entitled to receive upon or by reason of any 
of the events described above, had such Warrant been exercised immediately 
prior to the happening of such event. An adjustment made pursuant to this 
Section 4(a)(i) shall become effective retroactively (x) in the case of any 
such dividend or distribution, immediately prior to the close of business 
on the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Common 
Stock entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, or (y) in the case 
of any such split, subdivision, combination or reclassification, 
immediately prior to the close of business on the date upon which such 
corporate action becomes effective.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) In case the Company shall at any time or from time to time distribute 
to holders of its Common Stock any assets (including but not limited to 
cash), securities, or warrants to purchase securities (including but not 
limited to new Common Stock), (the Other Property), then the Number 
Issuable after such record or other distribution date of such distribution 
of Other Property shall be determined by multiplying the Number Issuable 
immediately prior to such record or distribution date by a fraction, of 
which the denominator shall be the Market Price per share of Common Stock 
on the record or distribution date, less the Fair Market Value of the 
portion of the Other Property to be distributed to a holder of one share of 
Common Stock or other equity security, and the numerator shall be such 
Market Price. Such adjustment shall become effective immediately after the 
record or distribution date. Such adjustment shall be made whenever the 
distribution date is fixed, and in the event that such distribution is not 
so made, the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder shall 
again be adjusted to be the number that was in effect immediately prior to 
the record or distribution date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no 
adjustment shall be made pursuant to this Section 4(a)(ii) to the extent a 
holder of a Warrant participates in the distribution on an as-exercised 
basis in accordance with Section 7.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 
4(a), the Company shall be entitled to make such upward adjustments in the 
Number Issuable, in addition to those otherwise required by this Section 
4(a), as the Board of Directors of the Company in its discretion shall 
determine to be advisable in order that any stock dividend, split, 
subdivision or combination of shares, distribution of rights or warrants to 
purchase shares, stock or securities or distribution of securities 
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock hereafter made 
the Company to its stockholders shall not be taxable; provided, however, 
that any such adjustment shall treat all holders of Warrants with similar 
protections on an equal basis.

(b) Reorganization, Reclassification. Consolidation. Merger or Sale of 
Assets. In case of any capital reorganization or reclassification or other 
change of outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change in par 
value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par value to par 
value, or as a result of a split, subdivision or combination), or in case 
of any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another Person 
(other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the resulting 
or surviving person and which does not result in any reclassification or 
change of outstanding Common Stock), or in case of any sale or other 
disposition to another Person of all or substantially all of the assets of 
the Company, other than a sale/leaseback, mortgage or other similar 
financing transaction (any of the foregoing, a Transaction), the Company, 
and/or such successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall make 
appropriate arrangements to provide that each Holder of a Warrant 
outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Transaction shall 
have the right thereafter to receive upon the exercise of such Warrant, in 
lieu of the Common Stock immediately
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
theretofore acquirable, the kind and amount of shares, stock or other 
securities (of the Company or another issuer) or property or cash 
receivable upon such Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of 
Common Stock for which such Warrant could have been exercised immediately 
prior to such Transaction.

(c) Other One-Time Adjustments.

(i) If Purchase Warrants are issued pursuant to the Investor Purchase 
Agreement, the Number Issuable with respect to each Exchange Offer Warrant 
shall be increased such that immediately following the issuance of the 
Purchase Warrants, each Exchange Offer Warrant will become exercisable for 
the same percentage of the Companys Common Stock as such Exchange Offer 
Warrant was exercisable for immediately prior to the issuance of the 
Purchase Warrants, in each case as calculated on a Fully Diluted Basis.

(ii) If Pre-Emptive Offer Warrants are issued pursuant to the Pre-Emptive 
Rights Offer, the Number Issuable with respect to each Exchange Offer 
Warrant and Purchase Warrant shall be increased such that immediately 
following the issuance of the Pre-Emptive Offer Warrants, each Exchange 
Offer Warrant and Purchase Warrant will become exercisable for the same 
percentage of the Companys Common Stock as such Warrant was exercisable 
for immediately prior to the issuance of the Pre-Emptive Offer Warrants, in 
each case as calculated on a Fully Diluted Basis.

(iii) For the avoidance of doubt, (x) the Number Issuable of the Exchange 
Offer Warrants shall only be adjusted pursuant to Section 4(c)(i) upon the 
issuance of Purchase Warrants pursuant to the Investor Purchase Agreement 
until such time as the Investor Purchase Agreement has terminated in 
accordance with its terms, and (y) the Number Issuable of each of the 
Exchange Offer Warrants and Purchase Warrants shall only be adjusted 
pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) upon the issuance of Pre-Emptive Offer 
Warrants until the consummation of Pre-Emptive Rights Offers resulting from 
any issuance of Exchange Offer Warrants or Purchase Warrants. Following the 
termination of the Investor Purchase Agreement and the consummation of such 
Pre-Emptive Rights Offers, as applicable, (i) the Exchange Offer Warrants 
shall represent the right to acquire, in the aggregate, approximately 15.0% 
of the Common Stock on a Fully Diluted Basis and (ii) the provisions of 
those respective sections shall be of no further force or effect.

(d) Warrant Agents Disclaimer. The Warrant Agent has no duty to determine 
when an adjustment under this Section 4 should be made, how it should be 
made or what any such adjustment should be. The Warrant Agent makes no 
representation as to the validity or value of any securities or assets 
issued upon the exercise of any Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall not be 
responsible for the Companys failure to comply with this Section 4.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5. No Redemptions. The Company shall not have any right to redeem 
any of the Warrants evidenced hereby.

Section 6. Certain Covenants

(a) Authorized Shares. The Company covenants and agrees that all shares of 
capital stock of the Company which may be issued upon the exercise of the 
Warrants will be duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid and 
non-assessable upon issuance and will be free and clear of all liens and 
will not be subject to any pre-emptive or similar rights. The Company shall 
at all times reserve and keep available solely for issuance upon the 
exercise of the Warrants, such number of its authorized but unissued shares 
of Common Stock as will from time to time be sufficient to permit the 
exercise of all outstanding Warrants, and shall take all action required to 
increase the authorized number of shares of Common Stock if at any time 
there shall be insufficient authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock 
to permit such reservation or to permit the exercise of all outstanding 
Warrants.

(b) Certificate as to Adjustments. The Company shall deliver to the Warrant 
Agent and each of the Holders promptly following the consummation of any 
transaction which would result in an increase or decrease in the Number 
Issuable pursuant to Section 4 a notice thereof, setting forth, in 
reasonable detail, the event requiring the adjustment, the amount of the 
adjustment, the method by which such adjustment was calculated and the 
Number Issuable after giving effect to such adjustment, and shall cause a 
copy of such certificate to be mailed to each of the Holders. Failure to 
give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or 
validity of such event. Within thirty days following the occurrence of any 
event requiring an adjustment pursuant to Section 4, the Company shall 
instruct the Warrant Agent, and in accordance with such instructions the 
Warrant Agent shall issue each Holder a new Warrant Certificate reflecting 
the required adjustment(s) to the Warrant, reasonably promptly (but in any 
event within 10 days) following, and subject only to, the permanent 
surrender by the Holder of the Warrant Certificate for which such new 
Warrant Certificate relates.

(c) No Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its charter or 
through reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, 
dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, 
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of 
this Agreement or the Warrants issued hereunder, but will at all times in 
good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking 
of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect 
the rights of each Holder against impairment. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par 
value of any shares of Common Stock obtainable upon the exercise of a 
Warrant and (ii) take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate 
in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and 
non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of a Warrant.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7. Dividends. Each Holder shall be entitled to any dividend, 
whether payable in cash, in kind or other property, that would be 
distributed to such Holder if such Holders Warrants had been converted in 
full into Common Stock immediately prior to the close of business on the 
record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to receive 
such dividend.

Section 8. Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder. Except as specifically provided 
for herein (including, without limitation, Section 7), nothing contained in 
this Agreement shall be construed to (a) grant any Holder any rights to 
vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of shares of Common Stock 
of the Company for any purpose, (b) confer upon any Holder any of the 
rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or 
withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue 
of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or 
otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription 
rights, or otherwise, or (c) impose any liabilities on a Holder to purchase 
any securities or as a stockholder of the Company, whether asserted by the 
Company or creditors of the Company, prior to the issuance of the 
underlying shares of Common Stock; provided that nothing contained herein 
shall otherwise impair any rights of the Holders set forth in the 
Nominating Agreements, dated May 10, 2017, between the respective Holders 
and the Company.

Section 9. Certain Transfer and Exercise Restrictions.

(a) Subject to Applicable Securities Laws. No Warrant shall be sold or 
transferred unless either such Warrant first shall have been registered 
under the Securities Act or any applicable U.S. state or foreign securities 
law, or (i) upon reasonable request by the Company, the Company first shall 
have been furnished with a certificate executed by an authorized officer of 
the transferee in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company, 
or (ii) upon reasonable request by the Warrant Agent, the Warrant Agent 
first shall have been furnished with an opinion of legal counsel, in form 
and substance reasonably acceptable to the Warrant Agent, in each case such 
certificate or opinion to the effect that such sale or transfer is exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable 
U.S. state or foreign securities law and bears a restrictive legend, if 
applicable. Any transfer of a Warrant and the rights represented by the 
corresponding Warrant Certificate shall be effected by the surrender of 
such Warrant Certificate, along with the form of assignment attached as 
Exhibit C hereto, properly completed and executed by the Holder thereof, at 
the office of the Warrant Agent, together with an appropriate investment 
letter, if deemed reasonably necessary by counsel to the Company, to assure 
compliance with applicable securities laws. Thereupon, the Warrant Agent 
shall issue in the name or names specified by the Holder thereof and, in 
the event of a partial transfer, in the name of the Holder thereof, a new 
Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates evidencing the right to 
purchase such number of shares of Common Stock as shall be equal to the 
then applicable Number Issuable.

(b) Subject to Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, 
no Warrant may be Transferred or exercised unless (i) the transferor, 
transferee, exercising Holder or its designated recipient of Common Stock 
issuable on the exercise of such Warrant and the Company, as applicable, 
have completed and submitted all filings, registrations or other 
notifications to any Governmental Entity that may be
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
required pursuant to applicable Law in connection with such Transfer or 
exercise, (ii) all necessary approvals or waivers, as the case may be, of 
any Governmental Entity that may be required pursuant to applicable Law in 
connection with such Transfer or exercise have been obtained, including, if 
applicable, the approval or waiver, as the case may be, of the Insurance 
Commissioner and the FCA and (iii) any waiting periods required by 
applicable Law for the consummation of such Transfer or Exercise have 
expired or been terminated. For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrant may be 
exercised in part to the extent that such filing, registration, 
notification, approval, waiver or expiration or termination of any waiting 
period is not necessary or required.

(c) Limitation on Exercise.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Warrant may be exercised 
in contravention of applicable law, including without limitation, if 
applicable, Section 5 of the Securities Act or any of the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Warrant may be exercised 
to the extent that such exercise would result in a violation of Article 
IV(d) of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation with all references 
therein to the term Transfer and words of similar import being read as 
reference to the term issue and words of similar import.

(d) Regulation S Warrants.

(i) Without limiting the other restrictions set forth in this Section 9, 
each Holder of a Regulation S Warrant or the securities issued upon the 
exercise thereof agrees that for a period of one year from the date hereof 
(the distribution compliance period), in the event of a Transfer of the 
Regulation S Warrants or the securities issuable upon the exercise thereof, 
the Holder will (A) ensure that the Transfer is not made to a U.S. person 
unless pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act 
or such Warrant or the securities issued upon the exercise thereof, as 
applicable, have been registered under the Securities Act; (B) unless the 
Warrants or the securities issued upon the exercise thereof have been 
registered under the Securities Act, require the transferee to certify that 
it either (I) is not a U.S. person, is not acquiring the Securities for the 
account or benefit of a U.S. person and is acquiring such securities in an 
offshore transaction as defined in Regulation S, or (II) it is acquiring 
the Securities in a transaction that does not require registration under 
the Securities Act; (C) require that the transferee agree to resell or 
otherwise Transfer the Regulation S Warrants or the securities issuable 
upon the exercise thereof only in accordance with Regulation S, pursuant to 
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to 
an exemption from registration and not to engage in hedging transactions 
unless in compliance with the Securities Act and (D) disclose that the 
Regulation S Warrants or the securities issuable upon the exercise thereof 
have not been registered under
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Securities Act and cannot be sold in the United States or to U.S. 
persons absent registration under the Securities Act or an exemption from 
such registration. In connection with such a Transfer, the Company will (x) 
ensure that the Regulation S Warrants or the securities issuable upon the 
exercise thereof bear a legend as set forth in Section 2 hereof; (y) refuse 
to register any transfer of Regulation S Warrants or the securities 
issuable upon the exercise thereof not made in accordance with Regulation 
S, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act 
or pursuant to an exemption from registration; and (z) send a confirmation 
to the transferee stating that the transferee is subject to the foregoing 
restrictions on Transfers.

(ii) Without limiting the other restrictions set forth in this Section 9, 
each Holder of a Regulation S Warrant or the securities issued upon the 
exercise thereof agrees (A) it will not engage in hedging transactions 
unless in compliance with the Securities Act and (B) any Transfer of 
Regulation S Warrants or the securities issued upon the exercise thereof 
will be made only in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9. The 
Holder acknowledges that the Company will refuse to register any Transfer 
not made in accordance with the foregoing provisions.

(iii) Without limiting the other restrictions set forth in this Section 9, 
no Regulation S Warrant may be exercised unless the exercising Holder shall 
have delivered to the Company (1) a certification, reasonably acceptable to 
the Company, that it is not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) and 
the Regulation S Warrant is not being exercised on behalf of a U.S. person 
(as defined in Regulation S), and it is purchasing the shares of Common 
Stock in an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S or (2) an 
opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company to the effect that 
the Regulation S Warrant and the securities delivered upon exercise thereof 
have been registered under the Securities Act or are exempt from 
registration thereunder.

(e) Shareholders Agreement. So long as the Shareholders Agreement remains 
in effect, any Holder or its permitted assigns that holds Warrants or 
receives shares of Common Stock upon the valid exercise of a Warrant shall 
be subject to the Shareholders Agreement and bound by all the terms and 
conditions thereof as if an original party thereto and shall execute a 
joinder to the Shareholders Agreement.

Section 10. Replacement of Warrants. Upon receipt of evidence satisfactory 
to the Company and the Warrant Agent of the loss, theft, destruction or 
mutilation of a Warrant Certificate and, in the case of loss, theft or 
destruction, upon delivery of an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the 
Company and the Warrant Agent, or, in the case of mutilation, upon 
surrender and cancellation thereof, the Warrant Agent will issue a new 
warrant certificate of like tenor for a number of Warrants equal to the 
number of Warrants evidenced by such Warrant Certificate.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 11. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE WARRANTS ISSUED HEREUNDER 
SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE 
PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE 
TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE.

Section 12. Rights Inure to Holder. The Warrants evidenced by a Warrant 
Certificate will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Holder 
thereof and the Company and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any Person 
other than the Company and the Holder thereof any legal or equitable right, 
remedy or claim under a Warrant Certificate, and such Warrant Certificate 
shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company and such Holder. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give a Holder any rights as 
a holder of shares of Common Stock until such time, if any, as the Warrants 
evidenced by its Warrant Certificate are exercised in accordance with the 
provisions hereof.

Section 13. Warrant Agent.

(a) Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its 
duties under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or 
desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company 
prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter 
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically 
prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a 
statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Office, 
Chief Financial Officer or another executive officer of the Company and 
delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may rely upon such 
statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to 
the provisions of this Warrant Agreement.

(b) Compensation and Indemnity.

(i) For services rendered hereunder, the Warrant Agent shall be entitled to 
such compensation as shall be agreed to in writing between the Company and 
the Warrant Agent and the Company promises to pay such compensation and to 
reimburse the Warrant Agent for the out-of-pocket expenses (including 
attorneys and other professionals fees and expenses) incurred by it in 
connection with the services rendered by it hereunder. The provisions of 
this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the 
resignation or removal of the Warrant Agent.

(ii) The Company agrees to indemnify the Warrant Agent and its Affiliates 
and their respective employees, officers or directors for, and to hold it 
harmless against, any and all loss, liability, damage, claim, cost or 
expense, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses (including the 
reasonable costs and expenses of defending against any claim of liability, 
regardless of who asserts such claim), incurred by the Warrant Agent that 
arises out of or in connection with its accepting appointment as, or acting 
as, Warrant Agent hereunder, except such losses, liabilities, damages, 
claims, costs or expenses as may result from the gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of, or breach of this Agreement by, the Warrant Agent, 
its
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Affiliates or any of its or their officers, directors, employees, managers, 
agents and advisors (including without limitation persons retained by the 
Warrant Agent to provide services hereunder as set forth in Section 13(q)) 
(as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and 
non-appealable judgment). The Warrant Agent shall incur no liability and 
shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company for, or in respect 
of, any actions taken, omitted to be taken or suffered to be taken in good 
faith by the Warrant Agent in reliance upon any signature, endorsement, 
assignment, certificate, order, request, notice, instruction or other 
instrument or document believed by the Warrant Agent to be valid, genuine 
and sufficient and in effecting any exercise or transfer of a Warrant 
believed by it in good faith to be authorized, and in delaying or refusing 
in good faith to effect any exercise or transfer of a Warrant. The Warrant 
Agent shall notify the Company, by letter or facsimile transmission, of a 
claim against the Warrant Agent or of any action commenced against the 
Warrant Agent, promptly after the Warrant Agent shall have received written 
notice thereof (to the extent not prohibited by applicable law). The 
failure of the Warrant Agent to so notify the Company shall not in any way 
relieve the Company of its obligations pursuant to this Section 13(b) 
except to the extent that the Company is prejudiced by such failure or 
delay. The Company shall be entitled to participate at its own expense in 
the defense of any such claim or other action and, if the Company so 
elects, the Company shall assume the defense of any suit brought to enforce 
any such claim. In the event that the Company shall assume the defense of 
any such suit, the Company shall not be liable for the fees and expenses 
incurred thereafter of any counsel retained by the Warrant Agent, so long 
as the Company shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Warrant 
Agent (it being understood that it would be unreasonable for Parent to 
withhold approval for Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP to serve as such 
counsel); provided that the Company shall not be entitled to assume the 
defense of any such action if the named parties to such action include both 
the Warrant Agent and the Company and representation of both parties by the 
same legal counsel would, in the written opinion of the Warrant Agents 
counsel, be inappropriate due to actual or potential conflicting interests 
between the Warrant Agent and the Company. The provisions of this paragraph 
shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or 
removal of the Warrant Agent.

(c) Exclusions. The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect 
to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or 
execution of any Warrant Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); 
nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant 
or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant Certificate; nor 
shall it be responsible to make any adjustments required under the 
provisions of Section 4 hereof (other than in reliance upon and as directed 
by requests by the Company to make such adjustments) or responsible for the 
manner, method, or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the 
existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by 
any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to 
the authorization or reservation of any shares of Common Stock to be issued 
pursuant to this Agreement or any Warrant or as to whether any shares of 
Common Stock will when issued be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Acceptance of Agency. The Warrant Agent hereby accepts the agency 
established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms 
and conditions herein set forth and among other things, shall account 
promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants exercised and concurrently 
account for, and pay to the Company, all moneys received by the Warrant 
Agent for the purchase of shares of the Companys Common Stock through the 
exercise of Warrants.

(e) Payment of Taxes. The Company shall from time to time promptly pay all 
taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant Agent 
in respect of the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the 
exercise of Warrants, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any 
transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such shares.

(f) Appointment of Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any 
successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be 
discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving 
60 days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Warrant 
Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the 
Company shall appoint in writing a successor Warrant Agent in place of the 
Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a 
period of 30 days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation 
or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the Holder of a Warrant (who 
shall, with such notice, submit his, her, or its Warrant for inspection by 
the Company or such other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company), 
then the Company may serve as the Warrant Agent. If the Company does not 
agree to serve as the Warrant Agent within 10 days after such 30 day 
period, then the Holder of any Warrant may apply to the Supreme Court of 
the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a 
successor Warrant Agent at the Companys cost. After appointment, any 
successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, 
rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Warrant 
Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, 
without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary 
or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at 
the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor 
Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor 
Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent 
the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all 
instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and 
confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority, powers, 
rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

(g) Notice of Successor Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant 
Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give written notice thereof to 
the predecessor Warrant Agent and the transfer agent for the Common Stock 
not later than the effective date of any such appointment.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) Merger or Consolidation of Warrant Agent. Any corporation into which 
the Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any 
corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant 
Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent under this 
Agreement without any further act.

(i) Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, 
acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, 
and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances 
as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying out or 
performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

(j) The Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any act or omission by it 
unless such act or omission constitutes gross negligence or willful 
misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final 
and non-appealable judgment); in no event shall the Warrant Agent be liable 
to any Holder, the Company or any third party for special, punitive, 
indirect or consequential damages, including but not limited to lost 
profits, irrespective of whether the Warrant Agent has been advised of the 
likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action 
arising in connection with this Agreement.

(k) The Warrant Agent shall have no duties or obligations other than those 
specifically set forth herein or as may be subsequently agreed to in 
writing between the Warrant Agent and the Company.

(l) The Warrant Agent makes no representations and has no responsibility 
for the validity, sufficiency, value or genuineness of any of the Warrant 
Certificates and the Warrant Agent assumes no responsibility with respect 
to the distribution of the Warrant Certificates except as herein otherwise 
provided.

(m) The Warrant Agent shall not be obligated to take any action hereunder 
which might in the Warrant Agents judgment involve any risk of expense, 
loss or liability, unless it shall have been furnished with indemnity 
and/or security reasonably satisfactory to it; provided, however, that this 
provision shall not affect the power of the Warrant Agent to take such 
action as it may consider proper, whether with or without any such security 
or indemnity.

(n) The Warrant Agent may conclusively rely on and shall be protected in 
acting or refraining from acting upon any statement, request, document, 
certificate, agreement, opinion, notice, letter or other instrument 
whatsoever not only as to its due execution and validity and effectiveness 
of its provisions, but also as to the truth and accuracy of any information 
contained therein, which the Warrant Agent shall in good faith reasonably 
believe to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper 
person or persons.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(o) The Warrant Agent may conclusively rely on and shall be protected in 
acting or refraining from acting upon written or oral instructions from any 
officer of the Company.

(p) The Warrant Agent may consult with counsel it selects, including 
in-house counsel, with respect to any questions relating to its duties and 
responsibilities and the advice or opinion of such counsel, or any opinion 
of counsel to the Company provided to the Warrant Agent shall be full and 
complete authorization and protection in respect of any reasonable action 
taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by the Warrant Agent hereunder in 
accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel.

(q) The Warrant Agent may perform any duties hereunder either directly or 
by or through agents and attorneys and the Warrant Agent shall not be 
responsible for any misconduct or negligence (other than willful misconduct 
or gross negligence) on the part of any agent or attorney appointed with 
due care by it hereunder.

(r) The Warrant Agent, its officers, directors, employees and shareholders 
may become the owners of, or acquire any interest in, any Warrant 
Certificate, with the same rights that it or they would have if it were not 
the Warrant Agent, and may engage or be interested in any financial or 
other transaction with the Company as freely as if it were not the Warrant 
Agent.

(s) The statements contained herein and in the Warrant Certificates shall 
be taken as statements of the Company and the Warrant Agent assumes no 
responsibility for the correctness of the same except such as describe the 
Warrant Agent or action taken or to be taken by it. The Warrant Agent 
assumes no responsibility with respect to the distribution of the Warrant 
Certificates except as herein otherwise provided.

(t) The Warrant Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or 
responsibility to any holder of any Warrant Certificate to make or cause to 
be made any adjustment of the Exercise Price or number of the Warrant 
Shares or other securities or property deliverable as provided in this 
Agreement, or to determine whether any facts exist which may require any 
adjustments, or with respect to the nature or extent of any such 
adjustments, when made, or with respect to the method employed in making 
the same. The Warrant Agent shall not be accountable with respect to the 
validity, value or the kind or amount of any Warrant Shares or of any 
securities or property which may at any time be issued or delivered upon 
the exercise of any Warrant or with respect to whether any such Warrant 
Shares or other securities will when issued be validly issued and fully 
paid and nonassessable, and makes no representation with respect thereto.

(u) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the 
Company nor the Warrant Agent shall have any liability to any holder of a 
Warrant Certificate or other person as a result of its inability to perform 
any of its obligations under this Agreement by reason of any preliminary or 
permanent injunction or other order, decree or ruling issued by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or by a governmental, regulatory or administrative 
agency or commission, or any statute, rule,
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
regulation or executive order promulgated or enacted by any governmental 
authority prohibiting or otherwise restraining performance of such 
obligation; provided that the Company must use commercially reasonable 
efforts to have any such order, decree or ruling lifted, stayed or 
otherwise overturned.

(v) In addition to the foregoing, the Warrant Agent shall be protected and 
shall incur no liability for, or in respect of, any action taken or omitted 
by it in connection with its administration of this Agreement if such acts 
or omissions are in reliance upon (i) the proper execution of the 
certification concerning beneficial ownership appended to the form of 
assignment and the form of the election attached hereto unless the Warrant 
Agent shall have actual knowledge that, as executed, such certification is 
untrue, or (ii) the non-execution of such certification including, without 
limitation, any refusal to honor any otherwise permissible assignment or 
election by reason of such non-execution.

Section 14. Amendments; Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, this 
Agreement may not be modified or amended except pursuant to an instrument 
in writing signed by the Company, the Warrant Agent and the Holders of 
two-thirds of the then outstanding Warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
this Agreement may be amended without the consent of any Holder for the 
purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing 
any defective provision contained herein to the extent such amendments do 
not adversely affect the interest of any Holder. No provision hereunder may 
be waived other than in a written instrument executed by the waiving party; 
provided, however, that the Company may take any action herein prohibited, 
or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, if the 
Company shall have obtained the written consent of the Holders of 
two-thirds of the then outstanding Warrants.

Section 15. Headings. The section headings contained in this Agreement are 
inserted for convenience only and will not affect in any way the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple 
counterparts with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the 
same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and constitute 
the same instrument. This Agreement, to the extent signed and delivered by 
means of a facsimile machine or electronic delivery (i.e., by email of a 
PDF signature page), shall be treated in all manner and respects as an 
original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same 
binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof 
delivered in person. At the request of any party hereto or to any such 
agreement or instrument, each other party hereto or thereto shall 
re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other parties. No 
party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of 
a facsimile machine or electronic delivery to deliver a signature or the 
fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or 
communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or by electronic 
delivery as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and 
each such party forever waives any such defense.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 17. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under present or future applicable laws 
during the term thereof, such provision shall be fully severable, this 
Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid, or 
unenforceable provision had never comprised a part thereof, and the 
remaining provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect and 
shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision 
or by its severance therefrom. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, 
invalid, or unenforceable provision, there shall be added automatically as 
a part of this Agreement, a legal, valid, and enforceable provision as 
similar in terms to the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision as may 
be possible.

Section 18. Persons Benefitting. This Agreement shall be binding upon the 
Company and the Warrant Agent and shall inure to the benefit of, and the 
obligations created hereby shall be binding upon, the successors and 
assigns of each of the parties hereto and nothing in this Agreement, 
express or implied, is intended to or shall confer, except as otherwise 
provided in this Section 18, upon any other person any right, benefit or 
remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. Each 
Holder, by acceptance of a Warrant Certificate, agrees to all of the terms 
and provisions of this Agreement applicable thereto, and each such Holder 
shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement. The 
Warrant Agent may assign or transfer its rights under this Agreement to any 
of its Affiliates without the prior written consent of any party hereto, 
provided that the Warrant Agent shall notify the Company in writing of such 
assignment or transfer promptly following the effectiveness thereof, and 
such Affiliate or Affiliates, as the case may be, shall be bound by the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement as if a party hereto.

Section 19. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement and understanding among the parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written, and all 
contemporaneous oral, agreements and understandings relating to the subject 
matter hereof.

Section 20. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of 
(i) one day after the end of the Exercise Period or, if and to the extent 
applicable, the delivery by the Company to the Holders of all shares of 
Common Stock and other securities or property in respect of all Warrants 
duly exercised during the Exercise Period and (ii) when all Warrants have 
been exercised upon the delivery to the Holders of all shares of Common 
Stock and other securities or property in respect of all Warrants duly 
exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 13(b) shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Warrant 
Agent.

Section 21. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder will be 
in writing and will be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery if 
delivered personally, or if by facsimile, upon written confirmation of 
receipt by facsimile, e mail or otherwise (including electronic 
confirmation of successful transmission generated by the facsimile machine 
of the sender), (b) on the first Business Day following the date of 
dispatch if delivered utilizing a next-day service by a recognized 
next-day courier service or (c) on the earlier of confirmed receipt or the 
fifth Business Day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered 
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices 
hereunder will be delivered, if to the Company or the Warrant Agent, to the 
address set forth below, or if to any Holder, to the address set forth in 
the Warrant Register, or in each case pursuant to such other instructions 
as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice:
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If to the Company:

Affinion Group Holdings, Inc.
6 High Ridge Park
Stamford, CT 06905
Phone: (203) 956-1237
Attention: Brian Fisher, Esq.
Electronic mail: bfisher@affiniongroup.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
One Bryant Park
New York, NY 10036
Attention: Adam K. Weinstein, Esq.
Facsimile: 212-872-8112
Electronic mail: aweinstein@akingump.com

If to the Warrant Agent:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC
6201 15th Avenue
Brooklyn NY 11219
Attention: Relationship Management
Electronic mail: []

With a copy to:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC

48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor
New York, NY 10005
Attention: Legal Department
Email: legalteamAST@astfinancial.com

Section 22. Force Majeure. In no event shall the Warrant Agent be 
responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its 
obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, 
forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work 
stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military 
disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and 
interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or 
computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the 
Warrant Agent shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with 
accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as 
practicable under the circumstances.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 23. Patriot Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance 
with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Warrant Agent, like all 
financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism 
and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information 
that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship 
or opens an account with the Warrant Agent. The parties to this Warrant 
Agreement agree that they will provide the Warrant Agent with such 
information as it may reasonably request in order for the Warrant Agent to 
satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act.

Section 24. Notice to Holders of Warrants.

(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall give 
10 Business Days written notice to the Holders prior to the following:

(i) the record date for determining the stockholders of the Company 
entitled to vote on any of the actions that would require the consent of 
stockholders pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Shareholders Agreement;

(ii) the record date for determining the stockholders of the Company 
entitled to vote to approve any amendment to director compensation pursuant 
to clause (ii) of Section 2.5 of the Shareholders Agreement;

(iii) the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to exercise 
pre-emptive rights pursuant to Section 4.4 of the Shareholders Agreement; 
and

(iv) the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote to 
approve any amendment to the Shareholders Agreement pursuant to Section 
6.11 of the Shareholders Agreement;

(v) the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to any 
dividend, distribution or pro rata repurchase or redemption of, or in 
respect of, the Common Stock; and

(vi) the consummation of a Sale of the Company.

(b) The Company shall give prompt written notice (and in any event, no 
later than two (2) Business Days) to the Holders upon receipt of notice 
from a Tag-Along Seller (as defined in the Shareholders Agreement) of such 
Tag-Along Sellers intention to consummate a Transfer (as defined in the 
Shareholders Agreement) pursuant to Section 4.3(b) of the Shareholders 
Agreement.

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, any Holder that elects to exercise, in 
accordance with Section 3, all or any portion of its Warrants in connection 
with any of the events requiring notice pursuant to this Section 24 may 
condition such exercise upon the actual taking of the vote or consummation 
of the transaction, as applicable. To the extent a Holder elects to 
exercise all or any portion of its Warrants pursuant to this
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 24, the Company will provide such Holder with the opportunity to 
execute a joinder to the Shareholders Agreement.

Section 25. Definitions. For the purposes of this Warrant Certificate, the 
following terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Affiliate means with respect to any specified Person, any other Person 
directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by or under direct or 
indirect common Control with such specified Person.

Agreement has the meaning given it in the Preamble.

Board means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on 
which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law 
or executive order to close.

Cashless Exercise has the meaning given it in Section 2.

Common Stock has the meaning given it in the Recitals.

Company has the meaning given it in the Preamble.

Control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct 
or cause the direction of the management and the policies of a Person 
(whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership 
interests, by contract or otherwise), and the terms Controlled by and 
Controlling shall have correlative meanings.

Derivative Security means any right, option, warrant or other security 
convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock.

Domestic Restricted Warrant means a Warrant issued in reliance on 
Regulation D or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

Equity Incentive Plans means any equity incentive plans for officers, 
employees or Directors of the Company.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations promulgated from time to time thereunder.

Exchange Offer has the meaning given it in the Recitals.

Exchange Offer Warrants has the meaning given it in the Recitals.

Exercise Price is equal to $0.01 per share.

Exercise Period means, with respect to any Warrant, on any Business Day 
after the date hereof and on or before the Expiration Date.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Existing AGI Notes has the meaning given it in the Recitals.

Existing Holdings Notes has the meaning given it in the Recitals.

Existing Notes has the meaning given it in the Recitals.

Expiration Date means the earlier to occur of (i) 5:00 p.m., New York 
City time, on November 10, 2022 and (ii) 5 Business Days following notice 
that a Sale of the Company had occurred, if the Holder has not received 
prior notice pursuant to Section 24(a).

Fair Market Value means the amount which a willing buyer, under no 
compulsion to buy, would pay a willing seller, under no compulsion to sell, 
in an arms-length transaction but in all events without application of any 
minority, illiquidity, transfer or voting restriction, or similar discounts 
or reductions.

FCA means the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority.

Fully Diluted Basis means the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the 
Company, assuming the exercise or conversion of all outstanding Derivative 
Securities for cash (including any Warrants), but excluding any Common 
Stock or Derivative Securities issued or issuable pursuant to an Equity 
Incentive Plan.

Governmental Entity means any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, national, 
supranational, state, provincial, local or similar government, 
governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, branch, agency or 
commission or any court, tribunal, or arbitral or judicial body.

Holder has the meaning given it in Section 2(c)(ii).

Insurance Commissioner means the Commissioner of Insurance of the State 
of North Dakota.

Investor Purchase Agreement has the meaning given it in the Recitals.

Issue Date means May 10, 2017.

Law means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, executive 
order, injunction, judgment, decree or order of any Governmental Entity.

Market Price per share of Common Stock means, on any date specified 
herein: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or admitted to trading on 
any national securities exchange, the average of the high and low trading 
prices of the Common Stock on such date; (b) if the Common Stock is not 
then listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange but 
is designated as a national market system security, the average of the high 
and low sale prices of the Common Stock on such date; (c) if there shall 
have been no trading on such date or if the Common Stock is not so 
designated, the average of the reported high bid and low asked price of the 
Common Stock on such date as shown by NASDAQ or reported by any member firm 
of the NYSE selected by the Company; or (d) if neither (a), (b) nor (c) is 
applicable, the Fair Market Value per share determined in good faith by the 
board of directors of the Company.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NASDAQ means the Nasdaq Stock Market.

Number Issuable with respect to a Warrant has the meaning given it in 
Section 4(a).

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.

Other Property has the meaning given it in Section 4(a)(ii).

Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint 
venture, joint stock company, government (or an agency or political 
subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pre-Emptive Rights Offer has the meaning given it in the Preamble.

Pre-Emptive Rights Offer Warrants has the meaning given it in the 
Preamble.

Purchase Percentage has the meaning given it in the Recitals.

Purchase Warrants has the meaning given it in the Recitals.

Regulation D means Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Regulation S means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Warrant means a Warrant issued pursuant to Regulation S.

Required Consents means the material filings, registrations, 
notifications, approvals, waivers or expiration or termination of any 
waiting periods that are necessary or required, as set forth in Section 
9(b).

Sale of the Company means a transaction or series of related transactions 
pursuant to which (i) a person or group (as such terms are used and defined 
in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) (other than a Subsidiary 
of the Company) acquires or otherwise becomes the beneficial owner of more 
than 50% of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Stock or (ii) the 
Company consummates the sale of all or substantially all of its assets, on 
a consolidated basis to any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the 
Company).

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated from time to time thereunder.

Senior Liquidation Shares means any additional class or series of stock 
which may in the future be issued by the Company that is expressly 
designated in an amendment to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or 
the certificate of designation establishing such additional class or series 
of stock as ranking senior to the Common Stock with respect to dividends, 
distributions or rights (including to redemption payments) upon 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shareholders Agreement means that certain Shareholders Agreement, dated 
as of November, 9, 2015, as amended, as may be further amended from time to 
time, by and among the Company and the stockholders party thereto, as in 
effect from time to time, and any successor agreement thereto.

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (herein referred to as the 
parent) (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing 
more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power 
or more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, at the time any 
determination is being made, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, at 
the time any determination is made, otherwise controlled, by the parent or 
one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more 
subsidiaries of the parent.

Transaction has the meaning given it in Section 4(b).

Transfer means any voluntary or involuntary attempt to, directly or 
indirectly through the transfer of interests in controlled Affiliates or 
otherwise, sell, assign, transfer, grant a participation in, pledge or 
otherwise dispose of any Warrants, or the consummation of any such 
transaction, or taking a pledge of, any of the Warrants; provided, however
, that a transaction that is a pledge shall not be deemed to be a Transfer, 
but a foreclosure pursuant thereto shall be deemed to be a Transfer; 
provided, further, that, with respect to any widely held investment 
company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, a 
sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance or other 
disposition of ownership interests in such investment company shall not be 
deemed a Transfer. The term Transferred shall have a correlative meaning.

Transfer Agent has the meaning given it in Section 2.

Warrant means a Warrant in substantially the form attached as Exhibit A 
hereto.

Warrant Agent has the meaning given it in the Preamble.

Warrant Certificate has the meaning given it in Section 2(a).

Warrant Exercise Documentation has the meaning given it in Section 2.

*        *        *         *        *
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed as of the date first written above.
 
AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Gregory S. Miller
  	Name: Gregory S. Miller
  	Title:   Executive Vice President & Chief
  	            Financial Officer
AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, LLC, as Warrant Agent
By: 	  	
/s/ Carlos Pinto
  	Name: Carlos Pinto
  	Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to Warrant Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A  Form of Warrant


SPECIMEN WARRANT CERTIFICATE

THIS WARRANT WILL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED PRIOR TO 5:00 P.M.
NEW YORK CITY TIME, NOVEMBER 10, 2022

[LEGEND TO BE INSERTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 2]

AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK
 
WARRANT NO.: A               	   	NUMBER OF WARRANTS:                    

THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received [] is the registered holder of a 
Warrant or Warrants (the Warrant) to purchase one fully paid and 
non-assessable share of Common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common 
Stock), of AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), for each Warrant evidenced by this Warrant Certificate. Subject 
to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant Agreement dated as of 
May 10, 2017, by and between the Company and the Warrant Agent, as in 
effect from time to time (the Warrant Agreement) (including as referenced 
therein the restrictions on exercise and transfer set forth in the 
Companys organizational documents), as in effect from time to time, the 
Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase from the Company, at any 
time during the Exercise Period and terminating on the Expiration Date, 
such number of shares of Common Stock of the Company at the price of $0.01 
per share, upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the 
Exercise Price at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent.

Payment of the Exercise Price may be made, at the option of the holder of 
the Warrant and subject to conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant 
Agreement, by the following methods (or any combination thereof): (1) in 
cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds; (2) by a certified 
or official bank check payable to the order of the Company; or (3) by means 
of a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 3(a)(ii) of the Warrant 
Agreement. In no event shall the registered holder of this Warrant be 
entitled to receive a net-cash settlement or other consideration in lieu of 
a physical settlement in shares of Common Stock. The Warrant Agreement 
provides that upon the occurrence of certain events the number of shares of 
Common Stock purchasable hereunder, set forth on the face hereof, may, 
subject to certain conditions, be adjusted. The term Exercise Price as 
used in this Warrant Certificate refers to the price per Share at which 
Shares may be purchased at the time the Warrant is exercised.

No fraction of a share of Common Stock will be issued upon any exercise of 
a Warrant. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, a holder would be entitled to 
receive a fractional interest in a share of Common Stock, the Company 
shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of 
shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrant holder and shall pay a 
cash adjustment in respect of such fractional interest in an amount equal 
to such fractional interest multiplied by the Market Price of a share of 
Common Stock on the Business Day which next precedes the day of exercise.

Upon any exercise of the Warrant for less than the total number of full 
shares of Common Stock provided for herein, there shall be issued to the 
registered holder hereof or his, her, or its assignee a new Warrant 
Certificate bearing the same restrictive legends, if any, covering the 
number of shares of Common Stock for which the Warrant has not been 
exercised.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the office or agency of the 
Warrant Agent by the registered holder hereof in person or by attorney duly 
authorized in writing, may be exchanged in the manner and subject to the 
limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, but without payment of any 
service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of 
like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants.

Upon due presentment for registration of transfer of the Warrant 
Certificate at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent, a new Warrant 
Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the 
aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee in 
exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the limitations provided 
in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any applicable tax or 
other government charge.

The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the registered holder 
as the absolute owner of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any 
notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the 
purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the registered 
holder, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant 
Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

Except as set forth in the Warrant Agreement, this Warrant does not entitle 
the registered holder to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company.

Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning set 
forth in the Warrant Agreement.

*        *        *         *        *
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.
 
By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
 
  	 	  	Name: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
  	 	  	Title: 	  	
 

DATED:

Countersigned

AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, LLC, as Warrant Agent
 
By: 	  	
 
  	Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Warrant of Affinion Group Holdings, Inc.]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B

EXERCISE NOTICE

TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER
TO EXERCISE WARRANTS

The undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase               
       shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Warrant Shares
), of AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company
), evidenced by the attached Warrant Certificate (the Warrant). 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the 
meanings set forth in the Warrant Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of 
May 10, 2017, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer & 
Trust Company, LLC, as Warrant Agent, as in effect from time to time.
 
  	1. 	Payment of Exercise Price (check applicable box).

[    ] payment in the sum of $         [is enclosed] [has been wire 
transferred to the Company at the following account:                     ] 
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

[    ] Holder hereby elects to make the payment for the Warrant Shares in 
accordance with Section 3(a)(ii) of the Agreement.
 
  	2. 	Confirmation. The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that 
the Required Consents have been made or obtained, as applicable.
 
  	3. 	Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver the Warrant 
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified 
below in accordance with Section 3(b) of the Agreement at the following 
address:
 
 
(PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT NAME AND ADDRESS)
 
 
 
(SOCIAL SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)
and be delivered to                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
                 

and, if such number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants evidenced by 
this Warrant Certificate, that a new Warrant Certificate bearing the same 
restrictive legends, if any, for the balance of such Warrants be registered 
in the name of, and delivered to, the registered holder at the address 
stated below its signature.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	4. 	Representations and Warranties.
 
  	(i) 	If the Warrant is a Domestic Restricted Warrant (or any other 
Warrant that is not a Regulation S Warrant) the undersigned hereby 
certifies:

[CHECK A OR B, AS APPLICABLE]

☐ A. that it is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D 
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

[OR]

☐ B. enclosed herewith is an opinion of counsel to the effect that the 
Regulation S Warrant and the securities delivered upon exercise thereof 
either (i) have been registered under the Securities Act or (ii) are exempt 
from registration thereunder.
 
  	(ii) 	If the Warrant is a Regulation S Warrant, the undersigned hereby 
certifies:

[CHECK A OR B, AS APPLICABLE]

☐ A. that it is not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or 
purchasing for the account or benefit of a U.S. person, other than a 
distributor, and it is purchasing the Warrant Shares in an offshore 
transaction in accordance with Regulation S;

[OR]

☐ B. enclosed herewith is an opinion of counsel to the effect that the 
Regulation S Warrant and the securities delivered upon exercise thereof 
either (i) have been registered under the Securities Act or (ii) are exempt 
from registration thereunder.

*        *        *         *        *

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dated: 	  	
 
  	 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	(SIGNATURE)
  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	(ADDRESS)
  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	(TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The Company hereby acknowledges receipt of this Exercise Notice and hereby 
undertakes, in accordance with Section 3(b) of the Agreement, to issue the 
above indicated number of shares of Common Stock upon satisfactory receipt 
of the Warrant Exercise Documentation and the restrictions on exercise and 
transfer set forth in the Agreement (including as referenced therein the 
restrictions on exercise and transfer set forth in Warrant Agreement and in 
the Companys organizational documents), in the name and to the address set 
forth above by the exercising holder.
 
AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit C


ASSIGNMENT

To be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Assign Warrants

For Value Received,                              hereby sells, assigns and 
transfers unto
 
 
(PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT NAME AND ADDRESS)
 
 
 
(SOCIAL SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)
and be delivered to
 
(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS)

                              of the Warrants represented by this Warrant 
Certificate and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint              
        Attorney to transfer this Warrant Certificate on the books of the 
Company, with full power of substitution in the premises.

By signing below, the transferring holder hereby represents and warrants to 
the Company that such holder is making this transfer in accordance with, 
and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in, the 
Warrant Agreement and the Companys organizational documents (collectively, 
the Transfer Restrictions).

Without limiting the Transfer Restrictions, if the transferring holder is 
seeking to transfer all or any portion of a Regulation S Warrant:

[CHECK A, B OR C, AS APPLICABLE]
 
☐ 	A. such transferring holder hereby certifies as follows:
 
  	1. 	The offer and sale of the Warrants was not and will not be made to a 
person in the United States (unless such person is excluded from the 
definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k)(2)(vi) or the account 
held by it for which it is acting is excluded from the definition of U.S. 
person pursuant to Rule 902(k)(2)(i) under the circumstances described in 
Rule 902(h)(3)) and such offer and sale was not and will not be 
specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.
 
  	2. 	Unless the circumstances described in the parenthetical in paragraph 
1 above are applicable, either (a) at the time the buy order was 
originated, the buyer was outside the United States or we and any person 
acting on our behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the 
United States or (b) the transaction was executed in, on or through the 
facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither we nor 
any person acting on our behalf knows that the transaction was 
pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	3. 	Neither we, any of our affiliates, nor any person acting on our or 
their behalf has made any directed selling efforts in the United States 
with respect to the Warrants.
 
  	4. 	The proposed transfer of Warrants is not part of a plan or scheme to 
evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
 
  	5. 	If we are a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession, fee 
or other remuneration in respect of the Warrants, and the proposed transfer 
takes place during the one-year distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Rule 902(f) of Regulation S), or we are an officer or director of the 
Company, we certify that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance 
with the provisions of Rule 904(b) of Regulation S.

[OR]

☐ B. such transferring holder hereby certifies that the transferee is an 
accredited investor (as such term is defined under Rule 501(a) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act) and the transfer will be exempt from 
registration under applicable federal, State and foreign securities law.

[OR]

☐ C. enclosed herewith is an opinion of counsel to the effect that either 
(i) the Warrant has been registered under the Securities Act or (ii) the 
proposed transfer is exempt from registration thereunder.

Notwithstanding the foregoing certification, in accordance with Section 
9(a) of the Warrant Agreement, prior to permitting or giving effect to the 
transfer, the Company may require the transferring parties to furnish an 
opinion of legal counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the 
effect that the sale or transfer is exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state or foreign 
securities law and indicating whether the new Warrant Certificates must 
bear a restrictive legend.

Furthermore, by signing below, the transferring holder hereby agrees and 
acknowledges that no sale, assignment or transfer of the Warrants shall be 
effective except to the extent such sale, assignment or transfer complies 
fully with the Transfer Restrictions.
 
Dated: 	  	
 
  	 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	(SIGNATURE)

THE SIGNATURE TO THE ASSIGNMENT MUST CORRESPOND TO THE NAME WRITTEN UPON 
THE FACE OF THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT 
ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT OR ANY CHANGE WHATSOEVER AND MUST BE GUARANTEED 
BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN 
ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE 
GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17 Ad  15).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Appendix I

Holders Contact Information

Name:                                                                      

Address:                                                                    
         

City, State, Zip:                                                           
       

Telephone Number:                                                          
 

Facsimile Number:                                                          
  

E-mail Address:                                                             
   