 EX-10.7 5 d102835dex107.htm EX-10.7
Exhibit 10.7
 
 
 

LOAN AGREEMENT

Dated as of October 7, 2016

By and Among

S.F. HILTON LLC and P55 HOTEL OWNER LLC,
collectively, as Borrower

and

SAN FRANCISCO LESSEE LLC and PARC 55 LESSEE LLC,
collectively, as Operating Lessee

and

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, DEUTSCHE BANK, AG,
NEW YORK BRANCH, GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE COMPANY, BARCLAYS
BANK PLC and MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.,
collectively, as Lender

Hilton San Francisco and Parc 55
 
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE I 	  
DEFINITIONS; PRINCIPLES OF CONSTRUCTION 	  
 Section 1.1
  	
 Definitions
   	  	1 	  
 Section 1.2
  	
 Principles of Construction
   	  	46 	  
ARTICLE II 	  
GENERAL TERMS 	  
 Section 2.1
  	
 Loan Commitment; Disbursement to Borrower
   	  	47 	  
 Section 2.2
  	
 Interest Rate
   	  	48 	  
 Section 2.3
  	
 Loan Payment
   	  	48 	  
 Section 2.4
  	
 Prepayments
   	  	49 	  
 Section 2.5
  	
 Release of Property
   	  	52 	  
 Section 2.6
  	
 Cash Management
   	  	58 	  
 Section 2.7
  	
 Withholding Taxes
   	  	62 	  
 Section 2.8
  	
 Defeasance
   	  	66 	  
ARTICLE III 	  
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 	  
 Section 3.1
  	
 Conditions Precedent to Closing
   	  	68 	  
ARTICLE IV 	  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 	  
 Section 4.1
  	
 Borrower Representations
   	  	69 	  
 Section 4.2
  	
 Survival of Representations
   	  	85 	  
ARTICLE V 	  
COVENANTS 	  
 Section 5.1
  	
 Affirmative Covenants
   	  	85 	  
 Section 5.2
  	
 Negative Covenants
   	  	102 	  
 
-i-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VI 	  
INSURANCE; CASUALTY; CONDEMNATION 	  
 Section 6.1
  	
 Insurance
   	  	111 	  
 Section 6.2
  	
 Casualty
   	  	117 	  
 Section 6.3
  	
 Condemnation
   	  	117 	  
 Section 6.4
  	
 Restoration
   	  	118 	  
ARTICLE VII 	  
RESERVE FUNDS 	  
 Section 7.1
  	
 Intentionally Omitted
   	  	123 	  
 Section 7.2
  	
 Tax and Insurance Escrow Funds
   	  	123 	  
 Section 7.3
  	
 Replacements and Replacement Reserve
   	  	125 	  
 Section 7.4
  	
 Intentionally Omitted
   	  	129 	  
 Section 7.5
  	
 Excess Cash Flow Reserve Fund
   	  	129 	  
 Section 7.6
  	
 Intentionally Omitted
   	  	130 	  
 Section 7.7
  	
 Intentionally Omitted
   	  	130 	  
 Section 7.8
  	
 Intentionally Omitted
   	  	130 	  
 Section 7.9
  	
 Intentionally Omitted
   	  	130 	  
 Section 7.10
  	
 Reserve Funds, Generally
   	  	130 	  
ARTICLE VIII 	  
DEFAULTS 	  
 Section 8.1
  	
 Event of Default
   	  	131 	  
 Section 8.2
  	
 Remedies
   	  	134 	  
 Section 8.3
  	
 Remedies Cumulative; Waivers
   	  	135 	  
ARTICLE IX 	  
SPECIAL PROVISIONS 	  
 Section 9.1
  	
 Securitization
   	  	135 	  
 Section 9.2
  	
 Securitization Indemnification
   	  	139 	  
 Section 9.3
  	
 Exculpation
   	  	142 	  
 Section 9.4
  	
 Matters Concerning Manager
   	  	144 	  
 Section 9.5
  	
 Servicer
   	  	144 	  
 Section 9.6
  	
 Intentionally Omitted
   	  	145 	  
 Section 9.7
  	
 Register
   	  	145 	  
 
-ii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE X 	  
MISCELLANEOUS 	  
 Section 10.1
  	
 Survival
   	  	146 	  
 Section 10.2
  	
 Lenders Discretion
   	  	146 	  
 Section 10.3
  	
 Governing Law
   	  	146 	  
 Section 10.4
  	
 Modification, Waiver in Writing
   	  	148 	  
 Section 10.5
  	
 Delay Not a Waiver
   	  	148 	  
 Section 10.6
  	
 Notices
   	  	148 	  
 Section 10.7
  	
 Trial by Jury
   	  	150 	  
 Section 10.8
  	
 Headings
   	  	151 	  
 Section 10.9
  	
 Severability
   	  	151 	  
 Section 10.10
  	
 Preferences
   	  	151 	  
 Section 10.11
  	
 Waiver of Notice
   	  	151 	  
 Section 10.12
  	
 Remedies of Borrower
   	  	151 	  
 Section 10.13
  	
 Expenses; Indemnity
   	  	152 	  
 Section 10.14
  	
 Incorporated
   	  	153 	  
 Section 10.15
  	
 Offsets, Counterclaims and Defenses
   	  	153 	  
 Section 10.16
  	
 No Joint Venture or Partnership; No Third Party Beneficiaries
   	  	154 	  
 Section 10.17
  	
 Publicity
   	  	154 	  
 Section 10.18
  	
 Cross Default; Cross Collateralization; Waiver of Marshalling of Assets
   	  	154 	  
 Section 10.19
  	
 Waiver of Counterclaim
   	  	155 	  
 Section 10.20
  	
 Conflict; Construction of Documents; Reliance
   	  	155 	  
 Section 10.21
  	
 Brokers and Financial Advisors
   	  	155 	  
 Section 10.22
  	
 Prior Agreements
   	  	156 	  
 Section 10.23
  	
 Joint and Several Liability
   	  	156 	  
 Section 10.24
  	
 Certain Additional Rights of Lender (VCOC)
   	  	156 	  
 Section 10.25
  	
 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions
   	  	156 	  
 Section 10.26
  	
 Use of Borrower Provided Information
   	  	157 	  
 Section 10.27
  	
 Borrower Affiliate Lender
   	  	158 	  
 Section 10.28
  	
 Co-Lenders
   	  	159 	  

SCHEDULES
 
 Schedule 1.1
  	 	   	
 Restructuring Steps Memorandum
 Schedule 1.2
  	 	   	
 Ratable Share
 Schedule 1.3
  	 	   	
 Release Amounts
 Schedule 1.4
  	 	   	
 Management Agreements
 Schedule 1.5
  	 	   	
 Post-Restructuring Assignment of Management Agreement
 Schedule 2.6.1(a)(i)
  	 	   	
 Property Accounts
 Schedule 2.6.1(a)(v)
  	 	   	
 Operating Account
 Schedule 2.6.1(a)(vi)
  	 	   	
 FF&E Concentration Account
 Schedule 4.1.1
  	 	   	
 Organizational Chart of Borrower
 Schedule 4.1.4
  	 	   	
 Litigation
 Schedule 4.1.26
  	 	   	
 Rent Roll
 
-iii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Schedule 4.1.36
  	 	   	
 Borrower and Operating Lessee Organizational Identification Numbers
 Schedule 4.1.43
  	 	   	
 Labor
 Schedule 4.1.47
  	 	   	
 Material Property Agreements
 Schedule 5.1.21
  	 	   	
 Material Lease(s)
 Schedule 5.1.31
  	 	   	
 O&M Program

EXHIBITS
 
 Exhibit A-1 - A-4
  	 	   	
 Tax Compliance Certificates
 
-iv-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LOAN AGREEMENT

THIS LOAN AGREEMENT, dated as of October 7, 2016 (as amended, restated, 
replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this 
Agreement), between JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a banking 
association chartered under the laws of the United States of America, 
having an address at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, 
DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, a branch of Deutsche Bank AG, a German 
bank authorized by the New York Department of Financial Services, having an 
address at 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE 
COMPANY, a Delaware limited partnership having an address at 200 West 
Street, New York, New York 10282, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, a public company 
registered in England and Wales, having an address at 745 Seventh Avenue, 
New York, New York 10019, and MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., a national banking 
association, having an address at 1585 Broadway, 25th Floor, New York, New 
York 10036 (together with their respective successors and assigns, each, a 
Co-Lender and, collectively, Lender), S.F. HILTON LLC and P55 HOTEL 
OWNER LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company and each having its 
principal place of business at c/o Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., 7930 Jones 
Branch Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102 (each, an Individual Borrower and, 
collectively, Borrower) and SAN FRANCISCO LESSEE LLC and PARC 55 LESSEE 
LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company and each having its 
principal place of business at c/o Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., 7930 Jones 
Branch Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102 (each, an Individual Operating Lessee
 and, collectively, Operating Lessee).


W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Borrower desires to obtain the Loan (as hereinafter defined) from 
Lender; and

WHEREAS, Lender is willing to make the Loan to Borrower, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
(as hereinafter defined);

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the making of the Loan by Lender and the 
covenants, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in this 
Agreement, the parties hereto hereby covenant, agree, represent and warrant 
as follows:


ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS; PRINCIPLES OF CONSTRUCTION

Section 1.1 Definitions. For all purposes of this Agreement, except as 
otherwise expressly required or unless the context clearly indicates a 
contrary intent:

Acceptable Risk Analysis or Acceptable Risk Analyses shall have the 
respective meanings set forth in Section 6.1(a) hereof.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Additional Insolvency Opinion shall mean a non-consolidation opinion 
letter delivered in connection with the Loan subsequent to the Closing Date 
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Lender and, following a 
Securitization, satisfactory in form and substance to the Approved Rating 
Agencies, and from counsel acceptable to Lender and, following a 
Securitization, the Approved Rating Agencies.

Adjusted Release Amount shall mean, in the event that an Individual 
Property is released other than in connection with full repayment of the 
Debt (i.e., with the other Individual Property remaining as security for 
the Debt), with respect to such Individual Property being so released, the 
sum of (a) the Release Amount for such Individual Property and (b) ten 
percent (10%) of the Release Amount for such Individual Property.

Affected Property shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.3 
hereof.

Affiliate shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly 
or indirectly, is in Control of, is Controlled by or is under common 
Control with such Person or is a director or officer of such Person or of 
an Affiliate of such Person.

Affiliated Manager shall mean any Manager in which any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal, or Guarantor has, 
directly or indirectly, more than a twenty percent (20%) legal, beneficial 
or economic interest therein.

Agent shall mean Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, or any successor 
Eligible Institution acting as Agent under the Cash Management Agreement.

Aggregate Material Adverse Effect shall mean any event or condition that 
has a material adverse effect on (a) the use, operation, or value of the 
Properties taken as a whole, (b) the business, profits, operations or 
financial condition of Borrower and Operating Lessee, taken as a whole 
(including, without limitation, Net Operating Income with respect to the 
Properties, taken as a whole), (c) the enforceability, validity, perfection 
or priority of the lien of the Mortgages, taken as a whole, or the other 
Loan Documents, taken as a whole, or (d) the ability of Borrower to repay 
the principal and interest of the Loan as it becomes due or the ability of 
Borrower and/or Operating Lessee to satisfy the material obligations of 
Borrower and/or Operating Lessee under the Loan Documents (taken as a 
whole).

ALTA shall mean American Land Title Association, or any successor 
thereto.

Alterations Deposit shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.22 
hereof.

Annual Budget shall mean the operating budget, including all planned 
Capital Expenditures, for the Properties prepared by or on behalf of 
Borrower in accordance with Section 5.1.11(e) hereof for the applicable 
Fiscal Year or other period.

Applicable Similar Law shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5.2.9(d) hereof.
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Approved Annual Budget shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5.1.11(e) hereof.

Approved Rating Agencies shall mean each of S&P, Moodys, Fitch, and 
Morningstar or any other nationally recognized statistical rating agency in 
each case, which has been approved by Lender and designated by Lender to 
assign a rating to the Securities and which has assigned a rating to the 
Securities.

Assignment of Management Agreement shall mean, individually or 
collectively, as the context may require, (i) with respect to each 
Management Agreement, that certain Assignment of Management Agreement, 
Subordination of Management Agreement, Non-Disturbance and Attornment 
Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among Lender, the applicable 
Individual Borrower and the applicable Manager, and (ii) with respect to 
each Substitute Management Agreement, that certain Assignment of Management 
Agreement, Subordination of Management Agreement, Non-Disturbance and 
Attornment Agreement among Lender, the applicable Operating Lessee and the 
applicable Manager, each to be executed and delivered by the applicable 
parties in connection with the Restructuring and in the respective form 
attached hereto as Schedule 1.5, in each case, as the same may be amended, 
restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Award shall mean any compensation paid by any Governmental Authority in 
connection with a Condemnation in respect of all or any part of any 
Individual Property.

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers 
by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of 
an EEA Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country 
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA 
Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In 
Legislation Schedule.

Bankruptcy Action shall mean with respect to any Person (a) such Person 
filing a voluntary petition under the Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal, 
state, local or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law; (b) the filing of an 
involuntary petition against such Person under the Bankruptcy Code or any 
other Federal, state, local or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
soliciting or causing to be solicited petitioning creditors for any 
involuntary petition against such Person under the Bankruptcy Code or any 
other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law; (c) such Person filing 
an answer consenting to or otherwise acquiescing in or joining in any 
involuntary petition filed against it, by any other Person under the 
Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law; 
(d) such Person consenting to or acquiescing in or joining in an 
application for the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee, or 
examiner for such Person or any portion of any Individual Property; or (e) 
such Person making an assignment for the benefit of creditors.

Bankruptcy Code shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 
§ 101, et seq., as the same may be amended from time to time, and any 
successor statute or
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
statutes and all rules and regulations from time to time promulgated 
thereunder, and any comparable foreign laws relating to bankruptcy, 
insolvency or creditors rights or any other Federal, state, local or 
foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law.

Base Deductible shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a)(i) 
hereof.

Basic Carrying Costs shall mean, with respect to each Individual 
Property, for any period, the sum of the following costs associated with 
such Individual Property: (a) Taxes, (b) Other Charges and (c) Insurance 
Premiums.

Borrower shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph 
hereto, together with their respective successors and permitted assigns.

Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any 
other day on which any of (a) national banks in New York, New York, or (b) 
the place of business of the trustee under a Securitization (or, if no 
Securitization has occurred, Lender), or (c) the place of business of any 
Servicer or the financial institution that maintains any collection account 
for or on behalf of any Servicer or any Reserve Account or (d) the New York 
Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for 
business.

Capital Expenditures shall mean, for any period, the amount expended for 
items capitalized under GAAP, as interpreted by the Uniform System of 
Accounts (including expenditures for building improvements or major repairs 
and replacements).

Cash Management Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.2 
hereof.

Cash Management Agreement shall mean that certain Cash Management 
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among Borrower, Operating 
Lessee, Lender, each Manager and Agent, as the same may be amended, 
restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Cash Trap Event shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the 
following events: (a) an Event of Default or (b) a Debt Yield Trigger 
Event.

Cash Trap Event Cure shall mean (a) no Event of Default shall be 
continuing, and in the event that the related Cash Trap Event occurred 
solely as a result of an Event of Default, Lender (in its sole and absolute 
discretion) shall have accepted a cure by Borrower of such Event of Default 
and (b) in the event that the related Cash Trap Event occurred as a result 
of a Debt Yield Trigger Event, the achievement of a Debt Yield Cure.

Cash Trap Period shall mean the period commencing on the occurrence of a 
Cash Trap Event and continuing until the date of a Cash Trap Event Cure, 
provided that, as of the date of the Cash Trap Event Cure, no other Cash 
Trap Event shall have occurred unless the same was previously subject to a 
Cash Trap Event Cure.

Casualty shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2 hereof.
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Casualty/Condemnation Prepayment shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 6.4 hereof.

Casualty/Condemnation Threshold Amount shall mean $25,000,000.

Casualty Consultant shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
6.4(b)(iii) hereof.

Casualty Retainage shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(b)(iv) 
hereof.

Cause shall mean, with respect to an Independent Director, (a) acts or 
omissions by such Independent Director that constitute systematic and 
persistent or willful disregard of such Independent Directors duties, (b) 
such Independent Director has been indicted or convicted for any crime or 
crimes of moral turpitude or dishonesty or for any violation of any Legal 
Requirements, (c) such Independent Director no longer satisfies the 
requirements set forth in the definition of Independent Director, (d) the 
fees charged for the services of such Independent Director are materially 
in excess of the fees charged by the other providers of Independent 
Directors listed in the definition of Independent Director or (e) any 
other reason for which the prior written consent of Lender shall have been 
obtained.

Closing Date shall mean the date of the funding of the Loan.

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Co-Lender shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph 
hereto.

Company shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.30(h) hereof.

Component shall mean, individually, any one of Component A-1, Component 
A-2, Component A-3, Component A-4, Component A-5 or Component A-6 and 
Components shall mean, collectively, Component A-1, Component A-2, 
Component A-3, Component A-4, Component A-5 and Component A-6.

Component A-1 shall mean the component of the Loan designated as A-1 in 
Section 2.1.5 hereof.

Component A-2 shall mean the component of the Loan designated as A-2 in 
Section 2.1.5 hereof.

Component A-3 shall mean the component of the Loan designated as A-3 in 
Section 2.1.5 hereof.

Component A-4 shall mean the component of the Loan designated as A-4 in 
Section 2.1.5 hereof.
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Component A-5 shall mean the component of the Loan designated as A-5 in 
Section 2.1.5 hereof.

Component A-6 shall mean the component of the Loan designated as A-6 in 
Section 2.1.5 hereof.

Condemnation shall mean a temporary or permanent taking by any 
Governmental Authority as the result or in lieu or in anticipation of the 
exercise of the right of condemnation or eminent domain, of all or any part 
of any Individual Property, or any interest therein or right accruing 
thereto, including any right of access thereto or any change of grade 
affecting such Individual Property or any part thereof.

Condemnation Proceeds shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(b)
.

Connection Income Taxes shall mean Other Connection Taxes that are 
imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are 
franchise Section 2.7 Taxes or branch profits Section 2.7 Taxes.

Consumer Price Index shall mean the Consumer Price Index as published by 
the United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics or any 
substitute index hereafter adopted by the Department of Labor.

Contribution Agreement shall mean that certain Contribution Agreement 
between the Individual Borrowers dated as of the date hereof, as the same 
may be amended, restated, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time.

Control or control shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, 
of the power to direct or cause the direction of management, policies or 
activities of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise.

Controlled and Controlling shall have correlative meanings.

Covered Disclosure Information shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 9.2(b) hereof.

Covered Rating Agency Information shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 10.13(d) hereof.

Custodial Funds means the following funds collected by an Individual 
Borrower or an Individual Operating Lessee (directly or through the 
applicable Manager) on a third partys behalf that must be paid or remitted 
to a third party and so are not properly considered revenue of such 
Individual Borrower or such Individual Operating Lessee: (i) tips, 
gratuities or service charges with respect to food, beverage, banquet or 
other guest services paid or received via credit card and owed to employees 
working at the Properties; (ii) payments or fees received from or on behalf 
of hotel guests and patrons and paid or reimbursed to tenants or other 
vendors or service providers of the hotels and (iii) amounts paid out to 
hotel guests or patrons for checks cashed, per diem expense allowances 
paid.
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Debt shall mean the outstanding principal amount set forth in, and 
evidenced by, this Agreement and the Note together with all interest 
accrued and unpaid thereon and all other sums (including, but not limited 
to, any Yield Maintenance Premium) due to Lender in respect of the Loan 
under the Note, this Agreement, the Mortgages or any other Loan Document.

Debt Service shall mean, with respect to any particular period of time, 
interest payments due under this Agreement and the Note.

Debt Yield shall mean, for any date of determination, the percentage 
obtained by dividing:

(a) the Net Operating Income (excluding interest on credit accounts and 
using annualized operating expenses for any recurring expenses not paid 
monthly (e.g., Taxes and Insurance Premiums)) for the immediately preceding 
twelve (12) full calendar month period for those Individual Properties 
subject to the Lien of a Mortgage as of the date of determination as set 
forth in the statements required hereunder less an amount equal to four 
percent (4.00%) of Gross Income from Operations, provided that, for 
purposes of calculating the Operating Expense component of Net Operating 
Income, management fees shall be deemed to have been paid in an amount 
equal to the greater of (A) the actual amount of such fees (inclusive of 
the base management fee and incentive fees, if any) and (B) three percent 
(3.00%) of Gross Income from Operations; by

(b) the sum of the outstanding principal balances of all Components of the 
Loan.

For the avoidance of doubt, (x) any rent paid by an Individual Operating 
Lessee to an Individual Borrower under the applicable Operating Lease shall 
not be included in any determination of Net Operating Income (whether as a 
component of Gross Income from Operations or as an Operating Expense) and 
(y) from and after the date of the release of an Individual Property 
pursuant to Section 2.5 hereof, Net Operating Income shall be adjusted to 
reflect any changes in shared expense arrangements resulting from the 
release of the related Individual Property.

Debt Yield Cure shall mean (a) no Event of Default shall be continuing 
and (b) the achievement of the Required Debt Yield for the two (2) 
consecutive calendar quarters immediately preceding the date of 
determination based upon the trailing twelve (12) month period immediately 
preceding such date of determination (which Required Debt Yield may be 
achieved, at Borrowers sole discretion, by making a Debt Yield Cure 
Payment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in amounts necessary 
to achieve the Required Debt Yield, provided, that in the event of such 
Debt Yield Cure Payment, the Required Debt Yield shall be deemed satisfied 
immediately upon receipt by Lender of the Debt Yield Cure Payment (and any 
other amounts due under Section 2.4.5 hereof) and the requirement that two 
(2) consecutive calendar quarters shall have expired after the initial 
achievement of the Required Debt Yield pursuant to the foregoing shall be 
deemed inapplicable thereto.

Debt Yield Cure Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.5 
hereof.
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Debt Yield Trigger Event shall mean a Debt Yield of less than the 
applicable Required Debt Yield on any date of determination for the two 
consecutive calendar quarters immediately preceding the date of such 
determination, based upon the trailing twelve (12) month period immediately 
preceding such date of determination, as determined by Lender.

Debt Yield Trigger Period shall mean the period commencing on the 
occurrence of a Debt Yield Trigger Event and continuing until the 
occurrence of a Debt Yield Cure.

Deductible Guaranty shall mean that certain Deductible Guaranty delivered 
by Guarantor in favor of Lender, dated as of the date hereof, as the same 
may be amended, restated, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time.

Default shall mean the occurrence of any event hereunder or under any 
other Loan Document which, but for the giving of notice or passage of time, 
or both, would be an Event of Default.

Default Rate shall mean, with respect to the Loan, a rate per annum equal 
to the lesser of (a) the Maximum Legal Rate or (b) three percent (3%) above 
the Interest Rate otherwise applicable to each Component.

Defeasance Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8.1.

Defeasance Deposit shall mean an amount equal to the Defeasance Payment 
Amount.

Defeasance Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8.1(a) 
hereof.

Defeasance Payment Amount shall mean the amount which, on the date of the 
Defeasance Event, will be sufficient to purchase U.S. Obligations providing 
the required Scheduled Defeasance Payments.

Disclosure Document shall mean a prospectus, prospectus supplement 
(including any amendment or supplement to either thereof), private 
placement memorandum, or similar offering memorandum, offering circular, 
structural and collateral term sheet, in each case in preliminary or final 
form and including all exhibits and annexes thereto, used in connection 
with a Securitization.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment 
firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the 
supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in 
an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in 
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established 
in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described 
in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated 
supervision with its parent;

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, 
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EEA Resolution Authority means any Governmental Authority or any person 
entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country 
(including any delegee) having authority for the resolution of any EEA 
Financial Institution.

Eligible Account shall mean a separate and identifiable account from all 
other funds held by the holding institution that is an account or accounts 
maintained with a federal or state-chartered depository institution or 
trust company which complies with the definition of Eligible Institution. 
An Eligible Account will not be evidenced by a certificate of deposit, 
passbook or other instrument.

Eligible Institution shall mean (i) either a depository institution or 
trust company insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the 
short-term unsecured debt obligations or commercial paper of which are 
rated at least A-1+ by S&P, P-1 by Moodys and F-1+ by Fitch in the 
case of accounts in which funds are held for thirty (30) days or less (or, 
in the case of Letters of Credit and accounts in which funds are held for 
more than thirty (30) days, the long-term unsecured debt obligations of 
which are rated at least A+ by S&P, A1 by Moodys and A+ by Fitch), 
(ii) Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A. (solely in its capacity 
as a Property Account Bank, Operating Account Bank or the FF&E 
Concentration Bank), US Bank National Association, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
National Association; provided that, with respect to (ii) above, the 
ratings by each of the Approved Rating Agencies for the short term 
unsecured debt obligations or commercial paper and long term unsecured debt 
obligations of such institutions are at least equal to the ratings for such 
institutions in effect as of the date hereof.

Embargoed Person shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.35 
hereof.

Environmental Indemnity shall mean that certain Environmental Indemnity 
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, executed by Borrower and Operating 
Lessee in connection with the Loan for the benefit of Lender, as the same 
may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from 
time to time.

Equipment shall mean any equipment now owned or hereafter acquired by any 
Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee, which is used at or 
in connection with any Individual Property (including the Improvements 
located thereon) or is located thereon or therein, including (without 
limitation) all machinery, equipment, furnishings, and electronic 
data-processing and other office equipment now owned or hereafter acquired 
by any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee and any and 
all additions, substitutions and replacements of any of the foregoing), 
together with all attachments, components, parts, equipment and accessories 
installed thereon or affixed thereto.

ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate shall mean any Person that for purposes of Title IV of 
ERISA is a member of an Individual Borrowers or Guarantors controlled 
group, under common control with an Individual Borrower or Guarantor within 
the meaning of Section 414 of the Code.
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ERISA Event shall mean shall mean (a) the occurrence with respect to a 
Plan of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, 
unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect thereto has been waived 
by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor) (PBGC); 
provided, that, for purposes of this clause (a), events or occurrences in 
connection with the Restructuring shall not be deemed an ERISA Event; (b) 
the application for a minimum funding waiver with respect to a Plan; (c) 
the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to 
terminate such Plan, pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any 
such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) 
of ERISA); (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of Borrower, 
Guarantor, or any ERISA Affiliates in the circumstances described in 
Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the withdrawal by Borrower, Guarantor, or any 
ERISA Affiliates from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year for which 
it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; 
(f) the conditions set forth in Section 430(e) of the Internal Revenue Code 
or Section 303(k)(1)(A) and (B) of ERISA to the creation of a lien upon 
property or assets or rights to property or assets of Borrower, Guarantor, 
or any ERISA Affiliates for failure to make a required payment to a Plan 
are satisfied; (g) the termination of a Plan by the PBGC pursuant to 
Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition 
described in Section 4042 of ERISA that constitutes grounds for the 
termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Plan; (h) 
any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards, within 
the meaning of Sections 412 or 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 
302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (i) the determination that any Plan is 
or is expected to be in at-risk status, within the meaning of Section 430 
of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 303 of ERISA or (j) the receipt by 
Borrower, Guarantor, or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice concerning the 
imposition of liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial 
withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan or a determination that a 
Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be insolvent (within the meaning 
of Section 4245 of ERISA), in reorganization (within the meaning of 
Section 4241 of ERISA) or in endangered or critical status (within the 
meaning of Section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 305 of 
ERISA).

Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(a) 
hereof.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule 
published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in 
effect from time to time.

Excess Cash Flow shall mean all remaining amounts on deposit in the Cash 
Management Account after the payment or disbursement of all escrows, 
reserves, Operating Expenses, Debt Service and other payments due with 
respect to the Loan, management fees and other Manager Required Payments 
and amounts permitted to be paid in accordance with the Loan Documents and 
the Management Agreement.

Excess Cash Flow Reserve Account shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 7.5 hereof.

Excess Cash Flow Reserve Funds shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 7.5 hereof.
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess Deductible shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a)(i) 
hereof.

Exchange Act shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.1(h) 
hereof.

Exchange Act Filing shall mean a filing pursuant to the Exchange Act in 
connection with or relating to a securitization.

Excluded Entity shall mean Guarantor and each direct or indirect legal or 
beneficial owner of Guarantor (including, without limitation, any 
shareholder, partner, member and/or non-member manager of Guarantor and 
each direct or indirect legal or beneficial owner of Guarantor).

Excluded Taxes shall mean any of the following Section 2.7 Taxes imposed 
on or with respect to a Lender or Servicer: (a) Section 2.7 Taxes imposed 
on (or measured by) net income (however denominated), franchise Section 2.7 
Taxes, and branch profits Section 2.7 Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a 
result of such Lender or Servicer being organized under the laws of, or 
having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, applicable 
lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Section 2.7 Tax, 
or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. 
federal withholding Section 2.7 Taxes resulting from any law in effect on 
the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement or designates a new 
lending office, except to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if 
any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or 
assignment), to receive additional amounts from Borrower with respect to 
such Section 2.7 Taxes pursuant to Section 2.7, (c) any Section 2.7 Taxes 
attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with Section 2.7(e), and 
(d) any Section 2.7 Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Extraordinary Expense shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5.1.11(e) hereof.

FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date 
of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is 
substantially comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), 
any current or future regulations issued thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof and any intergovernmental agreements entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any intergovernmental 
agreements entered into by the United States in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any such amended or 
successor version therein).

FF&E shall mean, with respect to each Individual Property, collectively, 
furnishings, Fixtures and Equipment located in the guest rooms, hallways, 
lobbies, restaurants, lounges, meeting and banquet rooms, parking 
facilities, public areas or otherwise in any portion of such Individual 
Property, including (without limitation) all beds, chairs, bookcases, 
tables, carpeting, drapes, couches, luggage carts, luggage racks, bars, bar 
fixtures, radios, television sets, intercom and paging equipment, electric, 
information technology and electronic equipment, heating, lighting and 
plumbing fixtures, fire prevention and extinguishing apparatus, cooling and 
air-conditioning systems, elevators, escalators, stoves, ranges, 
refrigerators, laundry machines, tools, machinery, boilers, incinerators, 
switchboards, conduits, compressors, vacuum cleaning systems, floor 
cleaning, waxing and polishing equipment, cabinets, lockers, shelving,
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
dishwashers, garbage disposals, washer and dryers and all other customary 
hotel resort equipment and other tangible property owned by an Individual 
Borrower or an Individual Operating Lessee, or in which an Individual 
Borrower or an Individual Operating Lessee has or shall have an interest, 
now or hereafter located at such Individual Property and useable in 
connection with the present or future operation and occupancy of such 
Individual Property; provided, however, that FF&E shall not include (a) 
fixed asset supplies, including, but not limited to, linen, china, 
glassware, tableware, uniforms, other hotel inventory and similar items, 
whether used in connection with public space or guest rooms, or (b) items 
owned by tenants or by third party operators.

FF&E Concentration Account have the meaning set forth in Section 
2.6.1(a)(vi) hereof.

FF&E Concentration Account Agreement shall mean that certain account 
control agreement by and among each Individual Borrower, Lender, each 
Manager and FF&E Concentration Bank with respect to the FF&E Concentration 
Account, together with any replacement account control agreement by and 
between an Individual Operating Lessee, Lender and FF&E Concentration Bank 
delivered on or prior to the Operating Lease Effective Date.

FF&E Concentration Bank shall mean Bank of America, N.A. and any 
replacement Eligible Institution.

Fiscal Year shall mean each twelve (12) month period commencing on 
January 1 and ending on December 31 during each year of the term of the 
Loan.

Fitch shall mean Fitch, Inc.

Fixtures shall mean, with respect to each Individual Property, all 
Equipment now owned, or the ownership of which is hereafter acquired, by 
the applicable Individual Borrower or the applicable Individual Operating 
Lessee which is so related to the Land and the Improvements forming part of 
the Individual Property in question that it is deemed fixtures or real 
property under applicable Legal Requirements, including, without 
limitation, all building or construction materials intended for 
construction, reconstruction, alteration, decoration or repair of or 
installation on the applicable Individual Property, construction equipment, 
appliances, machinery, plant equipment, fittings, apparatuses, fixtures and 
other items now or hereafter attached to, installed in or used in 
connection with (temporarily or permanently) any of the Improvements or the 
Land, including, but not limited to, engines, devices for the operation of 
pumps, pipes, plumbing, call and sprinkler systems, fire extinguishing 
apparatuses and equipment, heating, ventilating, incinerating, electrical, 
air conditioning and air cooling equipment and systems, gas and electric 
machinery, appurtenances and equipment, pollution control equipment, 
security systems, disposals, dishwashers, refrigerators and ranges, 
recreational equipment and facilities of all kinds, and water, electrical, 
storm and sanitary sewer facilities, utility lines and equipment (whether 
owned individually or jointly with others, and, if owned jointly, to the 
extent of the applicable Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating 
Lessees interest therein) and all other utilities whether or not situated 
in easements, all water tanks, water supply, water power sites, fuel 
stations, fuel tanks, fuel supply, and all other structures, together with 
all accessions, appurtenances, additions, replacements, betterments and 
substitutions or any of the foregoing and the proceeds thereof.
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Foreclosure shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3 hereof.

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

Full Replacement Cost shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
6.1(a)(i) hereof.

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States of America as of the date of the applicable financial report.

Governmental Authority shall mean any court, board, agency, commission, 
office or other authority of any nature whatsoever for any governmental 
unit (foreign, federal, state, county, district, municipal, city or 
otherwise) whether now or hereafter in existence.

Grantor Trust shall mean a grantor trust as defined in subpart E, part I 
of subchapter J of the Code.

Gross Income from Operations shall mean all income and proceeds (whether 
in cash or on credit, and computed on an accrual basis) received by any 
Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or Manager on behalf 
of any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee for the use, 
occupancy or enjoyment of the Properties, or any part thereof, or received 
by any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or Manager on 
behalf of any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee for 
the sale of any goods, services or other items sold on or provided from the 
Properties in the ordinary course of the Properties operation, including 
without limitation: (a) all income and proceeds received from rental of 
rooms, Leases and commercial space, meeting, conference and/or banquet 
space within the Properties including parking revenue; (b) all income and 
proceeds received from food and beverage operations and from catering 
services conducted from the Properties even though rendered outside of the 
Properties; (c) all income and proceeds from business interruption, rental 
interruption and use and occupancy insurance with respect to the operation 
of the Properties (after deducting therefrom all necessary costs and 
expenses incurred in the adjustment or collection thereof) applicable to 
the period in question; (d) all Awards for temporary use (after deducting 
therefrom all costs incurred in the adjustment or collection thereof and in 
Restoration of the Properties); (e) all income and proceeds from judgments, 
settlements and other resolutions of disputes with respect to matters which 
would be includable in this definition of Gross Income from Operations if 
received in the ordinary course of the operation of the Properties (after 
deducting therefrom all necessary costs and expenses incurred in the 
adjustment or collection thereof); (f) interest on credit accounts, rent 
concessions or credits, and other required pass-throughs and interest on 
Reserve Funds; (g) [reserved]; (h) all income from the operation of any spa 
and conference center at any Individual Property; (i) amounts received by 
any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, Manager or any 
Affiliate thereof from or with respect to any Property Agreement, and (j) 
all other income from operation of the Properties (including laundry and 
vending income), but excluding, (1) gross receipts received by lessees, 
licensees or concessionaires of the Properties (other than Operating 
Lessee); (2) consideration
 
-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
received at the Properties for hotel accommodations, goods and services to 
be provided at other hotels (which are not one of the Individual 
Properties), although arranged by, for or on behalf of any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or Manager; (3) income and 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition of goods, capital assets and 
other items not in the ordinary course of the operation of the Properties; 
(4) Hotel Taxes; (5) Awards (except to the extent provided in clause (d) 
above); (6) refunds of amounts not included in Operating Expenses at any 
time and uncollectible accounts; (7) gratuities collected by the 
Properties employees; (8) the proceeds of any permitted financing; (9) 
other income or proceeds resulting other than from the use or occupancy of 
the Properties, or any part thereof, or other than from the sale of goods, 
services or other items sold on or provided from the Properties in the 
ordinary course of business; (10) any credits or refunds made to customers, 
guests or patrons in the form of allowances or adjustments to previously 
recorded revenues; (11) [reserved]; and (12) without duplication of the 
items referenced in (1)-(11) above, Custodial Funds. For the avoidance of 
doubt, rent and other sums received by any Individual Borrower from the 
corresponding Individual Operating Lessee under the applicable Operating 
Lease shall not constitute Gross Income from Operations.

Guaranteed Excess Deductible Obligations shall have the meaning set forth 
in Section 6.1(a)(i) hereof.

Guarantor shall mean (a) Park Intermediate Holdings LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company, or (b) after the occurrence of any Permitted 
Assumption as to which a Replacement Guaranty is required to be executed 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Replacement Guarantor which 
provides such Replacement Guaranty, in each case, together with its 
successors and assigns.

Guarantor Bankruptcy Event shall mean if Guarantor or any guarantor or 
indemnitor under any guaranty or indemnity issued in connection with the 
Loan shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or if a 
receiver, liquidator or trustee shall be appointed for Guarantor or any 
guarantor or indemnitor under any guarantee or indemnity issued in 
connection with the Loan or if Guarantor or such other guarantor or 
indemnitor shall be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or if any petition 
for bankruptcy, reorganization or arrangement pursuant to federal 
bankruptcy law, or any similar federal or state law, shall be filed by or 
against, consented to, or acquiesced in by, Guarantor or such other 
guarantor or indemnitor, or if any proceeding for the dissolution or 
liquidation of Guarantor or such other guarantor or indemnitor shall be 
instituted; provided, however, if such appointment, adjudication, petition 
or proceeding was involuntary and not consented to by Guarantor or such 
other guarantor or indemnitor, upon the same not being discharged, stayed 
or dismissed within ninety (90) days.

Guaranty shall mean that certain Guaranty Agreement, dated as of the date 
hereof, executed and delivered by Guarantor in connection with the Loan to 
and for the benefit of Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, 
replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Hotel Taxes means all sales and occupancy taxes collected by or on behalf 
of any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee that are 
required to be paid to a state or local taxing authority or similar taxing 
authority (including, without limitation, sales taxes, use taxes, occupancy 
taxes, business license taxes and special assessments by any municipality 
or government).
 
-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HWHI shall mean Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Improvements shall have the meaning set forth in the granting clause of 
the related Mortgage with respect to each Individual Property.

Increased Deductible shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
6.1(a)(i) hereof.

Indebtedness of a Person, at a particular date, means the sum (without 
duplication) at such date of (a) all indebtedness or liability of such 
Person; (b) obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other 
similar instruments issued by such Persons; (c) obligations for the 
deferred purchase price of property or services (including trade 
obligations); (d) obligations under letters of credit; (e) obligations 
under acceptance facilities; (f) all guaranties, endorsements (other than 
for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business) and other 
contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply 
funds, to invest in any Person or entity, or otherwise to assure a creditor 
against loss; (g) obligations under PACE Loans and (h) obligations secured 
by any Liens, whether or not the obligations have been assumed (other than 
the Permitted Encumbrances).

Indemnified Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
10.13(b) hereof.

Indemnified Person shall mean Lender, any Affiliate of Lender and its 
designee, (whether or not it is the Lender) that has filed any registration 
statement relating to the Securitization or has acted as the sponsor or 
depositor in connection with the Securitization, any Affiliate of Lender 
that acts as an underwriter, placement agent or initial purchaser of 
Securities issued in the Securitization, any other co-underwriters, 
co-placement agents or co-initial purchasers of Securities issued in the 
Securitization, and each of their respective officers, directors, partners, 
employees, representatives, agents and Affiliates and each Person or entity 
who Controls any such Person within the meaning of Section 15 of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, as 
amended, any Person who is or will have been involved in the origination of 
the Loan, any Person who is or will have been involved in the servicing of 
the Loan on behalf of Lender, any Person in whose name the encumbrance 
created by the Mortgages is or will have been recorded, any Person who may 
hold or acquire or will have held a full or partial interest in the Loan 
(including, but not limited to, investors or prospective investors in the 
Securities, as well as custodians, trustees and other fiduciaries who hold 
or have held a full or partial interest in the Loan for the benefit of 
third parties) as well as the respective directors, officers, shareholders, 
partners, employees, agents, servants, representatives, contractors, 
subcontractors, affiliates, subsidiaries, participants, successors and 
assigns of any and all of the foregoing (including, but not limited to, any 
other Person who holds or acquires or will have held a participation or 
other full or partial interest in the Loan, whether during the term of the 
Loan or as a part of or following a foreclosure of the Loan and including, 
but not limited to any successors by merger, consolidation or acquisition 
of all or a substantial portion of Lenders assets and business).
 
-15-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) Section 2.7 Taxes, other than Excluded 
Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on behalf of 
any Individual Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not 
otherwise described in clause (a) above, Other Taxes.

Indemnifying Person shall mean collectively, Borrower and Principal.

Independent Director or Independent Manager shall mean an individual 
who has prior experience as an independent director, independent manager or 
independent member with at least three years of employment experience and 
who is provided by CT Corporation, Corporation Service Company, National 
Registered Agents, Inc., Wilmington Trust Company, Stewart Management 
Company, Lord Securities Corporation or, if none of those companies is then 
providing professional Independent Directors, another nationally recognized 
company reasonably approved by Lender, in each case that is not an 
Affiliate of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or 
any Principal, and that provides professional Independent Directors and 
other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business, and which 
individual is duly appointed as an Independent Director or Independent 
Manager and is not, and has never been, and will not while serving as 
Independent Director or Independent Manager be, any of the following:

(a) a member, partner, equityholder, manager, director, officer or employee 
of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal 
or any of their respective equityholders or Affiliates (other than serving 
as an Independent Director and/or Independent Manager of any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal or an Affiliate of 
Borrower or Operating Lessee that is not in the direct chain of ownership 
of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or any 
Principal and that is required by a creditor to be a single purpose 
bankruptcy remote entity, provided that such Independent Director or 
Independent Manager is employed by a company that routinely provides 
professional Independent Directors or Independent Managers in the ordinary 
course of its business);

(b) a creditor, supplier or service provider (including provider of 
professional services) to any Individual Borrower or any Individual 
Operating Lessee or any of their respective equityholders or Affiliates 
(other than a nationally-recognized company that routinely provides 
professional Independent Directors or Independent Managers and other 
corporate services to any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating 
Lessee or any of their respective Affiliates in the ordinary course of its 
business);

(c) a family member of any such member, partner, equityholder, manager, 
director, officer, employee, creditor, supplier or service provider; or

(d) a Person that controls (whether directly, indirectly or otherwise) any 
of (a), (b) or (c) above.

A natural person who otherwise satisfies the foregoing definition and 
satisfies subparagraph (a) by reason of being the Independent Director of a 
special purpose entity affiliated with any Individual Borrower, any 
Individual Operating Lessee or any Principal shall
 
-16-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
be qualified to serve as an Independent Director of any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or any Principal, provided that 
the fees that such individual earns from serving as an Independent Director 
of affiliates of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee 
or any Principal in any given year constitute in the aggregate less than 
five percent (5%) of such individuals annual income for that year. For 
purposes of this paragraph, a special purpose entity is an entity, whose 
organizational documents contain restrictions on its activities and impose 
requirements intended to preserve such entitys separateness that are 
substantially similar to those contained in the definition of Special 
Purpose Entity of this Agreement.

Individual Borrower shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory 
paragraph hereto, together with its successors and permitted assigns.

Individual Material Adverse Effect shall mean in respect of an Individual 
Property, any event or condition that has a material adverse effect on (a) 
the use, operation, or value of such Individual Property, (b) the business, 
profits, operations or financial condition of the Individual Borrower and 
the corresponding Individual Operating Lessee (taken as a whole) which have 
an interest in such Individual Property, (c) the enforceability, validity, 
perfection or priority of the lien of the applicable Mortgage, or (d) the 
ability of the applicable Borrower to repay the principal and interest of 
the Release Amount applicable to such Individual Property as it becomes due 
or to satisfy any of the applicable Individual Borrowers or Individual 
Operating Lessees other obligations under the Loan Documents.

Individual Operating Lessee shall have the meaning set forth in the 
introductory paragraph hereto, together with its successors and permitted 
assigns.

Individual Property shall mean each parcel of real property, the 
Improvements thereon and all personal property owned by an Individual 
Borrower and encumbered by a Mortgage, together with all rights pertaining 
to such property and Improvements, as more particularly described in the 
granting clauses of each Mortgage and referred to therein as the 
Property.

Insolvency Opinion shall mean that certain non-consolidation opinion 
letter dated the date hereof delivered by Perkins Coie LLP in connection 
with the Loan.

Insurance Premiums shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(b) 
hereof.

Insurance Proceeds shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(b) 
hereof.

Interest Period shall mean the period commencing on and including the 
first (1st) day of each calendar month immediately preceding the related 
Payment Date during the term of the Loan and ending on and including the 
last day of such calendar month; provided, however, the initial Interest 
Period shall commence on and include the Closing Date and shall end on and 
include the final day of the calendar month in which the Closing Date 
occurs.

Interest Rate shall mean, (a) with respect to Component A-1, a rate of 
four and eleven hundred and forty-five ten-thousandths percent (4.1145%) 
per annum, (b) with respect to Component A-2, a rate of four and eleven 
hundred and forty-five ten-thousandths percent (4.1145%) per annum, (c) 
with respect to Component A-3, a rate of four and eleven hundred and
 
-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
forty-five ten-thousandths percent (4.1145%) per annum, (d) with respect to 
Component A-4, a rate of four and eleven hundred and forty-five 
ten-thousandths percent (4.1145%) per annum, (e) with respect to Component 
A-5, a rate of four and eleven hundred and forty-five ten-thousandths 
percent (4.1145%) per annum, and (f) with respect to Component A-6, a rate 
of four and eleven hundred and forty-five ten-thousandths percent (4.1145%) 
per annum.

Lease shall mean any lease, sublease or subsublease, letting, license, 
concession or other agreement (whether written or oral and whether now or 
hereafter in effect), pursuant to which any Person is granted a possessory 
interest in, or right to use or occupy all or any portion of any space in 
any Individual Property by or on behalf of any Individual Borrower or any 
Individual Operating Lessee (other than ordinary course (i) short-term 
occupancy rights of hotel guests which are not the subject of a written 
agreement, (ii) occupancy agreements for groups of hotel guests for 
transitory periods of time, (iii) agreements for catering, business and 
similar special events or functions at any of the Properties and (iv) space 
license agreements for the installation and/or operation of in-building 
telecommunications equipment providing wireless frequencies to hotel guests 
and staff), and every modification, amendment or other agreement relating 
to such lease, sublease, subsublease, or other agreement entered into in 
connection with such lease, sublease, subsublease, or other agreement and 
every guarantee of the performance and observance of the covenants, 
conditions and agreements to be performed and observed by the other party 
thereto, provided that in no event shall any Operating Lease constitute a 
Lease.

Legal Requirements shall mean all federal, state, county, municipal and 
other governmental statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, ordinances, 
judgments, decrees and injunctions of Governmental Authorities affecting 
any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any Individual 
Property or any part thereof, or the construction, use, alteration or 
operation thereof, or any part thereof, whether now or hereafter enacted 
and in force, and all permits, licenses and authorizations and regulations 
relating thereto, and all covenants, agreements, restrictions and 
encumbrances contained in any instruments, either of record or known to any 
Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee, at any time in 
force affecting any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, 
any Individual Property or any part thereof, including, without limitation, 
any which may (a) require repairs, modifications or alterations in or to 
any Individual Property or any part thereof, or (b) in any way limit the 
use and enjoyment thereof.

Lender shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph 
hereto, together with their respective successors and assigns.

Lender Documents shall mean any agreement among Lender and/or any 
participant or any fractional owner of a beneficial interest in the Loan 
relating to the administration of the Loan or the Loan Documents, including 
without limitation any co-lender agreements.

Letter of Credit shall mean an irrevocable, unconditional, transferable, 
clean sight draft letter of credit in favor of Lender and entitling Lender 
to draw thereon based solely on a statement executed by an officer of 
Lender stating that it has the right to draw thereon under this Agreement, 
and issued by a domestic Eligible Institution or the U.S. agency or branch 
of a foreign Eligible Institution, and upon which letter of credit Lender 
shall have the right to draw in
 
-18-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
full: (a) if Lender has not received at least thirty (30) days prior to the 
date on which the then outstanding letter of credit is scheduled to expire, 
a notice from the issuing financial institution that it has renewed the 
applicable letter of credit; (b) thirty (30) days prior to the date of 
termination following receipt of notice from the issuing financial 
institution that the applicable letter of credit will be terminated or 
replaced; and (c) thirty (30) days after Lender has given notice to 
Borrower that the financial institution issuing the applicable letter of 
credit ceases to either be an Eligible Institution or meet the rating 
requirement set forth above.

Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(b) hereof.

Licenses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.22 hereof.

Lien shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, 
indemnity deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security 
interest, PACE Loan or any other encumbrance, charge or transfer of, on or 
affecting any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any 
Individual Property, any portion thereof or any interest therein, 
including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title 
retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same 
economic effect as any of the foregoing, the filing of any financing 
statement, and mechanics, materialmens and other similar liens and 
encumbrances.

Loan shall mean the loan made by Lender to Borrower pursuant to this 
Agreement.

Loan Documents shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, the Note, the 
Mortgages, the Environmental Indemnity, the Assignment of Management 
Agreement, the Guaranty, the Cash Management Agreement, the Contribution 
Agreement, the Property Account Agreement, the Operating Account Agreement, 
the FF&E Concentration Account Agreement, the Deductible Guaranty and all 
other documents executed in connection with the Loan.

Loan-to-Value Ratio shall mean, as of the date of its calculation, the 
ratio of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Loan as of the date of 
such calculation to (b) the fair market value of the Properties (for 
purposes of the REMIC provisions, counting only real property and excluding 
any personal property or going concern value), as determined, in Lenders 
reasonable discretion, by any commercially reasonable method permitted to a 
REMIC Trust.

Management Agreement shall mean, with respect to each Individual 
Property, the applicable management agreement more particularly described 
on Schedule 1.4 attached hereto, between the applicable Individual Borrower 
and the applicable Manager, as the same may be amended or modified from 
time to time in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement 
and as supplemented and modified by the terms of the applicable Assignment 
of Management Agreement, or, if the context requires, any Replacement 
Management Agreement executed in accordance with the terms and provisions 
of this Agreement.

Manager shall mean, with respect to each Individual Property, the 
applicable property manager more particularly described on Schedule 1.4 
attached hereto, or if the context requires, a Qualified Manager who is 
managing the Properties or any Individual Property or any portion thereof 
in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement pursuant to a 
Replacement Management Agreement. To the extent required by the applicable 
context, Manager shall refer to each such Manager on a collective basis.
 
-19-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Manager Accounts shall mean, with respect to any Management Agreement, 
the segregated bank accounts maintained by the Manager thereunder in the 
name of and as agent for, the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee with respect to the applicable Individual Property in 
accordance with the terms of such Management Agreement , including, without 
limitation, the Property Accounts, the Operating Account and the FF&E 
Concentration Account.

Manager Required Payments shall mean all payments which the Manager is 
authorized to make with Rents pursuant to the Management Agreement or as 
confirmed in the Assignment of Management Agreement, including, without 
limitation: Taxes, Other Charges, Insurance Premiums, Debt Service (but 
only prior to the consummation of the Restructuring), management fees, 
costs of FF&E (including funding the FF&E Concentration Account in respect 
thereof), Capital Expenditures, Operating Expenses, emergency repair costs 
and the cost of life safety items (including Capital Expenditures in 
connection therewith), costs associated with Leases entered into in 
accordance with this Agreement (including costs of tenant improvements and 
related Capital Expenditures and leasing commission costs), funding working 
capital and other required reserves and Hotel Taxes and Custodial Funds.

Material Lease shall mean any Lease (i) demising a premises within any 
Individual Property that is more than 15,000 rentable square feet or (ii) 
entered into during the continuance of an Event of Default.

Material Property Agreement shall mean any Property Agreement (a) which 
is material to the use, operation or value of the Property or (b) as to 
which the exercise by the counterparty thereto of its rights or remedies 
thereunder would have, or would be reasonably likely to result in, an 
Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to the applicable 
Individual Property.

Maturity Date shall mean November 1, 2023, or in each case, such other 
date on which the outstanding principal balance of the Loan becomes due and 
payable as therein or herein provided, whether at such stated maturity 
date, by declaration of acceleration, or otherwise.

Maximum Legal Rate shall mean the maximum nonusurious interest rate, if 
any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, 
reserved, charged or received on the indebtedness evidenced by the Note and 
as provided for herein or the other Loan Documents, under the laws of such 
state or states whose laws are held by any court of competent jurisdiction 
to govern the interest rate provisions of the Loan.

Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount shall mean, on each Payment Date, the 
amount equal to interest which accrues on each Component of the Loan in the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, in each case calculated in 
accordance with Section 2.2 hereof.

Moodys shall mean Moodys Investors Service, Inc.
 
-20-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Morningstar shall mean Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC, or any of its 
successors in interest, assigns, and/or changed entity name or designation 
resulting from any acquisition by Morningstar, Inc. or other similar entity 
of Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC.

Mortgage shall mean, with respect to each Individual Property, that 
certain first priority Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents and 
Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed and delivered by 
the related Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee to Lender 
as security for the Loan and encumbering such Individual Property, as the 
same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time.

Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 
3(37) or Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, as applicable, in respect of which 
Borrower, Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate could have any obligation or 
liability, contingent or otherwise.

Multiple Employer Plan shall mean a single employer plan, as defined in 
Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of 
Borrower, Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one Person other 
than Borrower, Guarantor and the ERISA Affiliates, or (b) was so 
maintained, and in respect of which Borrower, Guarantor or any ERISA 
Affiliate could have liability under Sections 4062-4069 of ERISA in the 
event such plan has been or were to be terminated.

Net Operating Income shall mean, for any period, the amount obtained by 
subtracting Operating Expenses for such period from Gross Income from 
Operations for such period.

Net Proceeds shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(b) hereof.

Net Proceeds Deficiency shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
6.4(b)(vi) hereof.

Net Sales Proceeds shall mean one hundred percent (100%) of the gross 
proceeds from the sale of an Individual Property to be received by or on 
behalf of the applicable Individual Borrower in respect of such sale, less 
and except: any reasonable and customary brokerage fees and sales 
commissions payable to third parties, transfer, stamp and/or intangible 
taxes, reasonable, customary and market closing costs and any other 
reasonable and customary third party costs and expenses actually incurred 
by such Individual Borrower in connection with such sale, as evidenced by a 
settlement statement or customary invoice.

Net Worth shall mean, with respect to the determination of whether an 
entity constitutes a Qualified Transferee, such entitys market value 
assets minus its outstanding liabilities, as determined by GAAP.

New Note shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.3 hereof.

Note shall mean (i) that certain Promissory Note A-1, dated the date 
hereof, in the principal amount of Two Hundred Seventy-One Million Eight 
Hundred and Seventy-Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($271,875,000.00), 
made by Borrower in favor of JPMorgan
 
-21-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chase Bank, National Association, (ii) that certain Promissory Note A-2, 
dated the date hereof, in the principal amount of One Hundred Ninety-Nine 
Million Three Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars 
($199,375,000.00) made by Borrower in favor of Deutsche Bank, AG, New York 
Branch, (iii) that certain Promissory Note A-3, dated the date hereof, in 
the principal amount of One Hundred Eight Million Seven Hundred and Fifty 
Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($108,750,000.00) made by Borrower in favor of 
Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, (iv) that certain Promissory Note A-4, 
dated the date hereof in the principal amount of Seventy-Two Million Five 
Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($72,500,000.00) made by Borrower to 
Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., and (v) that certain Promissory Note A-5, dated 
the date hereof in the principal amount of Seventy-Two Million Five Hundred 
Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($72,500,000.00) made by Borrower to Barclays 
Bank Plc, as each of the same may be amended, restated, replaced, split, 
severed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Each Note 
shall represent a pro rata portion of each Component.

O&M Program shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.31 hereof.

Officers Certificate shall mean a certificate delivered to Lender by 
Borrower which is signed by an authorized senior officer of an Individual 
Borrower or the general partner, managing member or sole member of an 
Individual Borrower, as applicable.

Operating Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.1(a)(v)
.

Operating Account Agreement shall mean that certain account control 
agreement by and between Operating Lessee, each Manager, Lender and 
Operating Account Bank to be delivered on or prior to the Operating Lease 
Effective Date.

Operating Account Bank shall mean Bank of America, N.A., or any 
replacement Eligible Institution thereof.

Operating Expenses shall mean, without duplication, the sum of all 
ordinary costs and expenses of operating, maintaining, directing, managing 
and supervising the Properties (excluding, (i) depreciation and 
amortization, (ii) any Debt Service in connection with the Loan, (iii) any 
Capital Expenditures in connection with the Properties, or (iv) any 
deposits made to the Reserve Accounts, (v) intentionally omitted, (vi) 
non-recurring or extraordinary items or other one-time expenses, (vii) 
non-cash items (other than accounts payable for expenses that are due and 
payable but not yet paid) and (viii) the costs of any other things 
specified to be done or provided at any Individual Borrowers, any 
Individual Operating Lessees or Managers (on behalf of any Individual 
Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee) sole expense, incurred by any 
Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or Manager (as agent 
for any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee) pursuant to 
the Management Agreement, including any Department Expenses and 
Undistributed Operating Expenses (each as defined in the Uniform System of 
Accounts) or as otherwise specifically provided therein, which are properly 
attributable to the period under consideration under any Individual 
Borrowers or any Individual Operating Lessees system of accounting, 
including without limitation: (a) the cost of all food and beverages sold 
or consumed and of all necessary chinaware, glassware, linens, flatware, 
uniforms, utensils and other items of a similar nature, including such 
items bearing the name or identifying characteristics of the hotels (but 
excluding FF&E) as any
 
-22-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee and/or Manager shall 
reasonably consider appropriate (Operating Equipment) and paper supplies, 
cleaning materials, fuel, guest amenities, soaps, shampoos and similar 
consumable items (Operating Supplies) placed in use (other than reserve 
stocks thereof in storerooms). Operating Equipment and Operating Supplies 
shall be considered to have been placed in use when they are transferred 
from the storerooms of the Properties to the appropriate operating 
departments; (b) salaries and wages of personnel of the Properties, 
including costs of payroll taxes and employee benefits (which benefits may 
include, without limitation, a pension plan, medical insurance, life 
insurance, travel accident insurance and an executive bonus program), and 
all other expenses not otherwise specifically referred to in this 
definition which are referred to as Administrative and General Expenses 
in the Uniform System of Accounts, (c) the cost of all other goods and 
services obtained by any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating 
Lessee or Manager in connection with its operation of the Properties 
including, without limitation, heat and utilities, office supplies and all 
services performed by third parties, including leasing expenses in 
connection with telephone and data processing equipment, and all existing 
and any future installations necessary for the operation of the 
Improvements for hotel purposes (including, without limitation, heating, 
lighting, sanitary equipment, air conditioning, laundry, refrigerating, 
built in kitchen equipment, telephone equipment, communications systems, 
computer equipment and elevators), and existing and any future furniture, 
furnishings, wall coverings, fixtures and hotel equipment necessary for the 
operation of the building for hotel purposes which shall include all 
equipment required for the operation of kitchens, bars, laundries, (if any) 
and dry cleaning facilities (if any), office equipment, cleaning and 
engineering equipment and vehicles (except to the extent that the same 
constitute Capital Expenditures, which shall be excluded from Operating 
Expenses as provided in the foregoing clause (iii)); (d) the cost of 
repairs to and maintenance of the Properties (other than of a capital 
nature); (e) insurance premiums for general liability insurance, workers 
compensation insurance or insurance required by similar employee benefits 
acts and such business interruption or other insurance as may be provided 
for protection against claims, liabilities and losses arising from the 
operation of the Properties (as distinguished from any property damage 
insurance on the Properties building or its contents) and losses incurred 
on any self-insured risks of the foregoing types, provided that Borrower or 
Operating Lessee has specifically approved in advance such self-insurance 
or insurance is unavailable to cover such risks (premiums on policies for 
more than one year will be pro-rated over the period of insurance and 
premiums under blanket policies will be allocated among properties 
covered); (f) all Taxes and Other Charges (other than federal, state or 
local income or excise taxes and franchise taxes or the equivalent) payable 
by or assessed against any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating 
Lessee with respect to the operation of the Properties; (g) legal fees and 
fees of any firm of independent certified public accounts designated from 
time to time by any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee 
(the Independent CPA) for services directly related to the operation of 
the Properties, reasonably acceptable to Lender; (h) the costs and expenses 
of technical consultants and specialized operational experts for 
specialized services in connection with non-recurring work on operational, 
legal, functional, decorating, design or construction problems and 
activities, including the reasonable fees of Guarantor or any subsidiary of 
Guarantor in connection therewith, provided that such employment of 
Guarantor or any such subsidiary of Guarantor is reasonably approved in 
advance by Lender; provided, further, however, that if such costs and 
expenses have not been included in an approved budget, then, during a Debt 
Yield Trigger Period, if such costs exceed $10,000 in any one instance the
 
-23-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
same shall be subject to the reasonable approval by Lender; (i) all 
expenses for advertising for the Properties and all expenses of sales 
promotion and public relations activities; (j) all out-of-pocket expenses 
and disbursements determined by the Independent CPA to have been 
reasonably, properly and specifically incurred by any Individual Borrower, 
any Individual Operating Lessee, Manager, Guarantor or any of their 
Affiliates pursuant to, in the course of and directly related to, the 
management and operation of the Properties under the Management Agreement 
(without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such charges may include 
all reasonable travel, telephone, telegram, radiogram, cablegram, air 
express and other incidental expenses, but, shall exclude costs relating to 
the offices maintained by any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating 
Lessee, Manager, Guarantor or any of their Affiliates other than the 
offices maintained at the Individual Property for the management of such 
Individual Property and excluding transportation costs of any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or Manager related to meetings 
between any Individual Borrower and/or any Individual Operating Lessee and 
Manager with respect to administration of the Management Agreement or of 
the Properties involving travel away from such partys principal executive 
offices); (k) the cost of any reservations system, any accounting services 
or other group benefits, programs or services from time to time made 
available to properties in any Individual Borrowers or any Individual 
Operating Lessees system, including, without limitation, any provided by 
any Manager; (l) the cost associated with any retail Leases; (m) any 
management fees, base and incentive fees or other fees and reimbursables 
paid or payable to Manager under the Management Agreement; (n) common area 
charges or assessments payable by any Individual Borrower or any Individual 
Operating Lessee pursuant to any Property Agreement; and (o) all costs and 
expenses of owning, maintaining, conducting and supervising the operation 
of the Properties to the extent such costs and expenses are not included 
above. For the avoidance of doubt, rent and other sums paid by an 
Individual Operating Lessee to the corresponding Individual Borrower under 
the applicable Operating Lease shall not constitute Operating Expenses.

Operating Lease shall mean, with respect to each Individual Property, 
that certain Lease Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date and effective as 
of the Operating Lease Effective Date, between the applicable Individual 
Borrower and the applicable Individual Operating Lessee, a copy of which 
has been delivered to, and approved by, Lender.

Operating Lease Effective Date shall mean, with respect to an Operating 
Lease, the Commencement Date of such Operating Lease (as such term is 
defined in such Operating Lease), provided that, if the Restructuring 
Conditions shall have not been satisfied on or prior to such Commencement 
Date, the Operating Lease Effective Date shall be the first date 
thereafter upon which the Restructuring Conditions shall have been 
satisfied or waived by Lender.

Operating Lessee shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory 
paragraph hereto, together with their respective successors and permitted 
assigns.

Organizational Documents means as to any Person, the certificate of 
incorporation and by-laws with respect to a corporation; the certificate of 
organization and operating agreement with respect to a limited liability 
company; the certificate of limited partnership and partnership agreement 
with respect to a limited partnership, or any other organizational or 
governing documents of such Person.
 
-24-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other Charges shall mean all maintenance charges, impositions other than 
Taxes, and any other charges, including, without limitation, vault charges 
and license fees for the use of vaults, chutes and similar areas adjoining 
any Individual Property, now or hereafter levied or assessed or imposed 
against such Individual Property or any part thereof.

Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Lender or agent 
thereof, Section 2.7 Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former 
connection between such Lender or agent thereof and the jurisdiction 
imposing such Section 2.7 Tax (other than connections arising from such 
Lender or agent having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed 
its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a 
security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or 
enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or 
Loan Document).

Other Obligations shall have the meaning as set forth in the Mortgages.

Other Taxes shall mean any present or future stamp, court, documentary, 
intangible, recording, filing or similar excise, property or Section 2.7 
Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, 
performance, enforcement or registration of, or from the registration, 
receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with 
respect to, any Loan Document, except (i) any such Section 2.7 Taxes that 
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment and (ii) 
any prohibited transaction excise tax arising from any Lenders use of 
plan assets of any benefit plan investor within the meaning of the Plan 
Asset Regulations.

PACE Loan shall mean (a) any Property-Assessed Clean Energy loan or (b) 
any other indebtedness, without regard to the name given to such 
indebtedness, which is (i) incurred for improvements to any Individual 
Property for the purpose of increasing energy efficiency, increasing use of 
renewable energy sources, resource conservation, or a combination of the 
foregoing, and (ii) repaid through multi-year assessments against such 
Individual Property.

Parcel Release Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.6 
hereof.

Participant Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.7 
hereof.

Partnership shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.30(h) 
hereof.

Payment Date shall mean, with respect to any Component, the first (1st) 
day of each calendar month during the term of the Loan, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day.

PBGC shall have the meaning assigned to that term in the definition of 
ERISA Event.

Permitted Assumption shall have the meaning given thereto in Section 
5.2.10(e).
 
-25-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Permitted Debt shall mean, collectively (a) the Note and the other 
obligations, indebtedness and liabilities specifically provided for in any 
Loan Document and secured by the Mortgages and the other Loan Documents, 
(b) any indebtedness that may exist or deemed to be existing between an 
Individual Borrower and the corresponding Individual Operating Lessee as a 
result of the applicable Management Agreement or Operating Lease and (c) 
trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of any Individual Borrowers 
or any Individual Operating Lessees business, not secured by Liens on any 
one or more Individual Properties, other than Liens being properly 
contested in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and customary 
purchase money security interests of sellers of goods, provided that such 
trade payables and purchase money security interests in respect of each 
Individual Property (excluding Capital Expenditures and Basic Carrying 
Costs) (i) do not exceed at any one time in the aggregate three percent 
(3%) of the original principal amount of the Loan, (ii) are normal and 
reasonable under the circumstances, (iii) are payable by or on behalf of 
any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee for or in 
respect of the operation of the applicable Individual Property in the 
ordinary course of the operation of such Individual Borrowers or 
Individual Operating Lessees business or the routine administration of 
such Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees business, (iv) 
are paid within sixty (60) days following the later of (A) the date on 
which such amount is incurred or (B) the date invoiced, and (v) are not 
evidenced by a note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to require 
any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee to pay any trade 
payable, so long as such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
is in good faith at its own expense, and by proper legal proceedings, 
diligently contesting the validity, amount or application thereof, 
provided that in each case, at the time of the commencement of any such 
action or proceeding, and during the pendency of such action or proceeding 
(w) no Event of Default shall exist and be continuing hereunder, (x) no 
Individual Property nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in 
material danger of being sold or forfeited, (y) such Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee shall furnish such security as may be required 
in the proceeding, or as may be reasonably requested by Lender, to insure 
the payment any amounts contested, together with all interest and penalties 
thereon, and (z) such contest operates to suspend collection or 
enforcement, as the case may be, of the contested amount.

Permitted Encumbrances shall mean, with respect to an Individual 
Property, collectively, (a) the Liens and security interests created by the 
Loan Documents, (b) all Liens, encumbrances and other matters disclosed in 
the Title Insurance Policies relating to such Individual Property or any 
part thereof (including liens disclosed in the title commitments for which 
Lender has either received affirmative coverage or for which the title 
insurance company has received adequate protections to remove such items as 
exceptions from the Title Insurance Policy and such items were so removed), 
(c) Liens, if any, for Section 2.7 Taxes, Taxes and Other Charges imposed 
by any Governmental Authority not yet due or delinquent or which are 
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the 
applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee has set aside 
adequate reserves on its books, (d) Liens related to any Labor and Material 
Costs (as defined in the Mortgages) which are being contested by the 
applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee in accordance 
with the terms of the applicable Mortgage, (e) Liens which are being 
contested by the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee in accordance with Section 5.2.2 hereof, (f) such other title and 
survey exceptions as Lender has approved or may approve in writing in 
Lenders sole discretion, (g) all immaterial easements, rights-of-way, 
restrictions and other
 
-26-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
similar non-monetary encumbrances recorded against and affecting such 
Individual Property and that do not have an Individual Material Adverse 
Effect on such Individual Property or the applicable Individual Borrower, 
(h) easements and other similar encumbrances entered into by any Individual 
Borrower or easements and other similar encumbrances entered into by an 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee in the ordinary course 
of business for use, access, parking, water and sewer lines, telephones and 
telegraph lines, electric lines or other utilities or for other similar 
purposes, provided that no such easement or other similar encumbrance shall 
have, or reasonably be expected to have, either an Individual Material 
Adverse Effect on the applicable Individual Property or the applicable 
Individual Borrower or an Aggregate Material Adverse Effect, (i) rights of 
Tenants as Tenants only, (j) customary purchase money security interests of 
sellers of goods that satisfy the conditions set forth in the definition of 
Permitted Debt and (k) from and after the Operating Lease Effective Date, 
the Operating Lease.

Permitted Equipment Transfer shall mean the Transfer of FF&E and/or 
Personal Property that is either being replaced or that is no longer 
necessary in connection with the operation of an Individual Property, 
provided (x) no Event of Default is continuing and (y) such Transfer will 
not materially and adversely affect the value, use or operation of such 
Individual Property.

Permitted Investments shall mean any one or more of the following 
obligations or securities acquired at a purchase price of not greater than 
par, including those issued by Servicer, or any certificate administrator 
under any Securitization or any of their respective Affiliates, payable on 
demand or having a maturity date not later than the Business Day 
immediately prior to the first Payment Date following the date of acquiring 
such investment and meeting one of the appropriate standards set forth 
below:

(i) direct obligations of, and obligations fully guaranteed as to timely 
payment of principal and interest by, the United States of America, Fannie 
Mae, Freddie Mac or any agency or instrumentality of the United States of 
America, the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit 
of the United States of America that mature in one (1) year or less from 
the date of acquisition; provided that any obligation of, or guarantee by, 
any agency or instrumentality of the United States of America shall be a 
Permitted Investment only if such investment would not result in the 
downgrading, withdrawal or qualification of the then-current rating 
assigned by each Approved Rating Agency to any Securities as evidenced in 
writing, other than (a) unsecured senior debt obligations of the U.S. 
Treasury (direct or fully funded obligations), U.S. Department of Housing 
and Urban Development public housing agency bonds, Federal Housing 
Administration debentures, Government National Mortgage Association 
guaranteed mortgage-backed securities or participation certificates, 
RefCorp debt obligations and SBA-guaranteed participation certificates and 
guaranteed pool certificates and (b) Farm Credit System consolidated 
systemwide bonds and notes, Federal Home Loan Banks consolidated debt 
obligations, Freddie Mac debt obligations, and Fannie Mae debt obligations 
(1) rated at least A-1 by S&P, if such obligations mature in sixty (60) 
days or less, or rated at least AA-, A-1+ or AAAm by S&P, if such 
obligations mature in 365 days or less and
 
-27-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2)(A) if it has a term of thirty (30) days or less, the short-term 
obligations of which are rated in the highest short-term rating category by 
Moodys or the long-term obligations of which are rated at least A2 by 
Moodys, (B) if it has a term of three (3) months or less, but more than 
thirty (30) days, the short-term obligations of which are rated in the 
highest short-term rating category by Moodys and the long-term obligations 
of which are rated at least A1 by Moodys, (C) if it has a term of six 
(6) months or less, but more than three (3) months, the short-term 
obligations of which are rated in the highest short-term rating category by 
Moodys and the long-term obligations of which are rated at least Aa3 by 
Moodys, and (D) if it has a term of more than six (6) months, the 
short-term obligations of which are rated in the highest short-term rating 
category by Moodys and the long-term obligations of which are rated Aaa 
by Moodys;

(ii) federal funds, unsecured certificates of deposit, time deposits, 
bankers acceptances, and repurchase agreements having maturities of not 
more than 90 days of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the 
United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, 
the short-term debt obligations of which are rated (a) A-1+ (or the 
equivalent) by S&P and, if it has a term in excess of three months, the 
long-term debt obligations of which are rated AAA (or the equivalent) by 
S&P, and that (1) is at least adequately capitalized (as defined in the 
regulations of its primary Federal banking regulator) and (2) has Tier 1 
capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than $1,000,000,000, 
(b) in one of the following Moodys rating categories: (1) for maturities 
less than one month, a long-term rating of A2 or a short-term rating of 
P-1, (2) for maturities between one and three months, a long-term rating 
of A1 and a short-term rating of P-1, (3) for maturities between three 
months to six months, a long-term rating of Aa3 and a short-term rating 
of P-1 and (4) for maturities over six months, a long-term rating of 
Aaa and a short-term rating of P-1, or such other ratings as confirmed 
in a Rating Agency Confirmation and (c) in one of the following DBRS rating 
categories: (1) for maturities less than three months, a short term rating 
by DBRS of R-1 (high) and (2) for maturities greater than three months, a 
long-term rating by DBRS of AAA;

(iii) deposits that are fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corp. (FDIC);

(iv) commercial paper rated (a) A1+ (or the equivalent) by S&P and 
having a maturity of not more than 90 days, (b) in one of the following 
Moodys rating categories: (i) for maturities less than one month, a 
long-term rating of A2 or a short-term rating of P-1, (ii) for 
maturities between one and three months, a long-term rating of A1 and a 
short-term rating of P-1, (iii) for maturities between three months to 
six months, a long-term rating of Aa3 and a short-term rating of P-1 
and (iv) for maturities over six months, a long-term rating of Aaa and a 
short-term rating of P-1 and (c) in one of the following DBRS rating 
categories: (i) for maturities less than six months, a short-term rating by 
DBRS of R-1(high) and for maturities greater than six months, a long-term 
rating by DBRS of AAA;
 
-28-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(v) any money market funds that (a) has substantially all of its assets 
invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clause (i) 
above, (b) has net assets of not less than $5,000,000,000, and (c) has the 
highest rating obtainable from S&P and Moodys; and

(vi) such other investments as to which each Approved Rating Agency shall 
have delivered a Rating Agency Confirmation.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Permitted Investments (i) shall exclude 
any security with the S&Ps r symbol (or any other Approved Rating 
Agencys corresponding symbol) attached to the rating (indicating high 
volatility or dramatic fluctuations in their expected returns because of 
market risk), as well as any mortgage-backed securities and any security of 
the type commonly known as strips; (ii) shall be limited to those 
instruments that have a predetermined fixed dollar of principal due at 
maturity that cannot vary or change; (iii) shall only include instruments 
that qualify as cash flow investments (within the meaning of Section 
860G(a)(6) of the Code); and (iv) shall exclude any investment where the 
right to receive principal and interest derived from the underlying 
investment provides a yield to maturity in excess of 120% of the yield to 
maturity at par of such underlying investment. Interest may either be fixed 
or variable, and any variable interest must be tied to a single interest 
rate index plus a single fixed spread (if any), and move proportionately 
with that index. No investment shall be made which requires a payment above 
par for an obligation if the obligation may be prepaid at the option of the 
issuer thereof prior to its maturity. All investments shall mature or be 
redeemable upon the option of the holder thereof on or prior to the earlier 
of (x) three months from the date of their purchase and (y) the Business 
Day preceding the day before the date such amounts are required to be 
applied hereunder.

Permitted Release Date shall mean the earlier of (i) the date that is two 
(2) years from the startup day within the meaning of Section 860G(a)(9) 
of the Code of the REMIC Trust which holds the portion of the Note last to 
be securitized and (ii) May 1, 2019.

Permitted Transfer shall mean any of the following: (a) any transfer, 
directly as a result of the death of a natural person, of stock, membership 
interests, partnership interests or other ownership interests previously 
held by the decedent in question to the Person or Persons lawfully entitled 
thereto, (b) any transfer, directly as a result of the legal incapacity of 
a natural person, of stock, membership interests, partnership interests or 
other ownership interests previously held by such natural person to the 
Person or Persons lawfully entitled thereto, (c) any Transfer permitted 
without the consent of Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 
5.2.10(d) or Section 5.2.10(e) hereof, (d) any Lease of space in any of the 
Improvements to Tenants in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.1.21
, (e) Permitted Encumbrances, (f) Permitted Debt, (g) Permitted Equipment 
Transfers, (h) the release of any Property or portion thereof (or an 
Unencumbered Individual Borrower and the corresponding Unencumbered 
Individual Operating Lessee) in connection with a release in accordance 
with Section 2.5 or Section 6.4 hereof, and (i) any Transfer resulting from 
the exercise of Lenders rights under the Loan Documents or the 
consummation of any remedial or enforcement action by the Lender of the 
collateral for the Loan, including, without limitation, any foreclosure, 
deed-in-lieu, or assignment in lieu of foreclosure and the exercise of any 
rights of Lender under the Mortgages.
 
-29-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Person shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, unincorporated 
association, any federal, state, county or municipal government or any 
bureau, department or agency thereof and any fiduciary acting in such 
capacity on behalf of any of the foregoing.

Personal Property shall have the meaning set forth in the granting clause 
of the Mortgage with respect to each Individual Property.

Phase I Environment Report shall mean, with respect to an Individual 
Property, that certain phase I environmental report (and, if applicable, 
phase II environmental report) delivered to Lender with respect to such 
Individual Property, and Phase I Environmental Reports shall mean each 
such Phase I Environmental Report, collectively.

Plan means any Multiemployer Plan, Multiple Employer Plan or Single 
Employer Plan.

Plan Asset Regulations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.9 
hereof.

PLL Policy shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a)(xiii) 
hereof.

Policies shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(b) hereof.

Policy shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(b) hereof.

Prepayment Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.4.1(b).

Prepayment Rate shall mean the bond equivalent yield (in the secondary 
market) on the United States Treasury Security that as of the Prepayment 
Rate Determination Date has a remaining term to maturity closest to, but 
not exceeding, the remaining term to the Yield Maintenance End Date, as 
determined by Lender on the basis of Statistical Release H.15 (519), 
Selected Interest Rates, or any successor publication, published by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or on the basis of such 
other publication or statistical guide as Lender may reasonably select. If 
more than one issue of United States Treasury Securities has the remaining 
term to the Maturity Date, the Prepayment Rate shall be the yield on such 
United States Treasury Security most recently issued as of the Prepayment 
Rate Determination Date. The rate so published shall control absent 
manifest error.

Prepayment Rate Determination Date shall mean the date which is five (5) 
Business Days prior to the date that such prepayment shall be applied in 
accordance with the terms and provisions of Section 2.4 hereof.

Principal shall mean the Special Purpose Entity that is the general 
partner of an Individual Borrower or an Individual Operating Lessee, if 
such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is a partnership, 
or managing member of an Individual Borrower or an Individual Operating 
Lessee, if such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is a 
limited liability company other than a single-member Delaware limited 
liability company. For the avoidance of doubt, no direct or indirect owner 
of any single-member Delaware limited liability company shall constitute a 
Principal.
 
-30-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Priority Waterfall Payments shall mean the payment of Taxes, Insurance, 
Hotel Taxes and Custodial Funds in accordance with Section 2.6.2(e) of this 
Agreement; provided, that such amounts have not previously been paid or 
reserved for by Manager as Manager Required Payments.

Property or Properties shall mean, collectively, each and every 
Individual Property which is subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Property Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.1(a)(i)
.

Property Account Agreement shall mean, with respect to each Individual 
Property, that certain account control agreement by and among the 
applicable Individual Borrower, Lender, the applicable Manager and Property 
Bank, together with any replacement account control agreement by and among 
Operating Lessee, Lender and Property Bank delivered in connection with the 
effectiveness of the Operating Lease.

Property Account Charges shall mean (i) payments with respect to bank 
fees, change orders and returned checks due to insufficient funds with 
respect to the applicable Property Account, (ii) honoring credit card 
charge-backs from payments made by credit card companies into the 
applicable Property Account, (iii) making adjustments or refunds to 
customers and vendors to correct previous errors in the ordinary course of 
operation of the Individual Properties and (iv) electronic debits for 
payment of sales and use taxes.

Property Agreement shall mean any contract or agreement (other than any 
Lease, Operating Lease or Management Agreement) relating to the Property or 
otherwise imposing obligations on any Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee relating to any Individual Property.

Property Bank shall mean Bank of America, N.A. and any replacement 
Eligible Institution.

Property Conditions Reports shall mean, individually or collectively, as 
the context may require, those certain property condition reports delivered 
to Lender with respect to each Individual Property.

Property Reports shall mean, individually or collectively, as the context 
may require, the Property Condition Reports, the Phase I Environmental 
Reports and the PZR Reports delivered to Lender in connection with the 
Loan.

Provided Information shall mean any and all financial and other 
information provided at any time prepared by, or on behalf of, any 
Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal, any 
Affiliated Manager and/or Guarantor.

PZR Reports shall mean those certain zoning reports delivered to Lender 
with respect to each of the Properties.
 
-31-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Qualified Manager shall mean either (a) each Manager; (b) any Affiliate 
of HWHI, or (c) a reputable and experienced management organization (which 
may be an Affiliate of any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating 
Lessee) possessing experience in managing properties similar in size, 
scope, use and value as the Properties that is reasonably acceptable to 
Lender, provided, that (i) in the case of subclause (c) above if required 
by Lender following a Securitization, Borrower shall have obtained a Rating 
Agency Confirmation with respect to such Manager and its management of the 
Properties and (ii) in the case of subclauses (b) and (c) above, if such 
Person is an Affiliate of an Individual Borrower or an Individual Operating 
Lessee, if required by Lender, Borrower shall have obtained an Additional 
Insolvency Opinion.

Qualified Transferee shall mean a Person (i) with a Net Worth equal to or 
exceeding $500,000,000 (exclusive of its interest in the Properties) as of 
the date of the Permitted Assumption; (ii) that has not been the subject of 
a Bankruptcy Action or of a material governmental or regulatory 
investigation which resulted in a final, nonappealable conviction for 
criminal activity involving moral turpitude; and (iii) that is (or is 
Controlled by, Controlling or under common Control with an entity that is) 
in the management, ownership or operation of commercial real estate assets. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no ongoing net worth covenants 
for a Qualified Transferee after the date of a Permitted Assumption.

Radius shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(c) hereof.

Ratable Share shall mean, with respect to any Co-Lender, its share of 
each Component of the Loan based on the proportion of the outstanding 
principal of such Component of the Loan advanced by such Co-Lender to the 
total outstanding principal amount of the Loan. The Ratable Share of each 
Co-Lender on the date of this Agreement after giving effect to the funding 
of the Loan on the Closing Date is set forth on Schedule 1.2 attached 
hereto and made a part hereof.

Rating Agencies shall mean each of S&P, Moodys, Fitch and Morningstar or 
any other nationally recognized statistical rating agency, which, in each 
case, has assigned a rating to the Securities.

Rating Agency Confirmation shall mean, collectively, a written 
affirmation from each of the Approved Rating Agencies that the credit 
rating of the Securities given by such Approved Rating Agency of such 
Securities immediately prior to the occurrence of the event with respect to 
which such Rating Agency Confirmation is sought will not be qualified, 
downgraded or withdrawn as a result of the occurrence of such event, which 
affirmation may be granted or withheld in such Approved Rating Agencys 
sole and absolute discretion. In the event that, prior to a Securitization 
and at any other given time, no Approved Rating Agency has elected to 
consider whether to grant or withhold such an affirmation and Lender does 
not otherwise have an approval right with respect to such event, then the 
term Rating Agency Confirmation shall be deemed instead to require the 
written reasonable approval of Lender.

Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.7 hereof.
 
-32-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Related Entities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.10(e)(v) 
hereof.

Release Amount shall mean, for any Individual Property, the amount set 
forth on Schedule 1.3, as the same may be reduced (a) pursuant to Section 
2.4.2 hereof and/or (b) by the Parcel Release Price attributable to any 
Release Parcel of the applicable Individual Property released pursuant to 
Section 2.5.6 hereof.

Release Debt Yield shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.2(e) 
hereof.

Release Parcel shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.6 hereof.

REMIC Trust shall mean a real estate mortgage investment conduit within 
the meaning of Section 860D of the Code that holds the Note or a portion 
thereof.

Rents shall mean, with respect to each Individual Property, all rents, 
rent equivalents, moneys payable as damages or in lieu of rent or rent 
equivalents, royalties (including, without limitation, all oil and gas or 
other mineral royalties and bonuses), income, receivables, receipts, 
revenues, deposits (including, without limitation, security, utility and 
other deposits), accounts, cash, issues, profits, charges for services 
rendered, all other amounts payable as rent under any Lease or other 
agreement relating to such Individual Property and other consideration of 
whatever form or nature received by or paid to or for the account of or 
benefit of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or any 
of their respective agents or employees from any and all sources arising 
from or attributable to the applicable Individual Property, and proceeds, 
if any, from business interruption or other loss of income insurance, 
including, without limitation, all hotel receipts, revenues and credit card 
receipts collected from guest rooms, restaurants, bars, meeting rooms, 
banquet rooms and recreational facilities, all receivables, customer 
obligations, installment payment obligations and other obligations now 
existing or hereafter arising or created out of the sale, lease, sublease, 
license, concession or other grant of the right of the use and occupancy of 
property or rendering of services by any Individual Borrower, any 
Individual Operating Lessee or any operator or manager of the hotel or the 
commercial space located in the Improvements (including any Individual 
Operating Lessee) or acquired from others (including, without limitation, 
from the rental of any office space, retail space, guest rooms or other 
space, halls, stores, and offices, and deposits securing reservations of 
such space), license, lease, sublease and concession fees and rentals, 
health club membership fees, food and beverage wholesale and retail sales, 
service charges, vending machine sales proceeds, if any, from business 
interruption or other loss of income insurance and any distributions, 
dividends and/or other payments of cash or other property received by any 
Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee in connection with 
any Property Agreement, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
payments of rents and other amounts by any Individual Operating Lessee to 
the corresponding Individual Borrower pursuant to the applicable Operating 
Lease shall not constitute Rents.

Replacement Guarantor shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5.2.10(e) hereof.
 
-33-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Replacement Guaranty shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5.2.10(f) hereof.

Replacement Management Agreement shall mean, collectively, (a) either (i) 
a management agreement with a Qualified Manager substantially in the same 
form and substance as the Management Agreement, (ii) a management agreement 
with a Qualified Manager, which management agreement shall (A) have been 
entered into by any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee 
and such Qualified Manager on an arms-length basis and otherwise on 
commercially reasonable third-party terms and (B) with economic terms and 
management fees comparable to existing local market rates or (iii) a 
management agreement with a Qualified Manager, which management agreement 
shall be reasonably acceptable to Lender in form and substance, provided, 
with respect to this subclause (iii), following a Securitization, Lender, 
at its option, may require that Borrower shall have obtained a Rating 
Agency Confirmation with respect to such management agreement and (b) an 
assignment of management agreement and subordination of management fees or 
subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement, as applicable, 
substantially in the form as the Assignment of Management Agreement (or of 
such other form and substance reasonably acceptable to Lender), executed 
and delivered to Lender by the applicable Individual Borrower and/or 
Individual Operating Lessee (as applicable) and such Qualified Manager at 
Borrowers expense. Each Substitute Management Agreement shall be deemed a 
Replacement Management Agreement for purposes of this Agreement.

Replacement Reserve Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
7.3.1 hereof.

Replacement Reserve Funds shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
7.3.1 hereof.

Replacement Reserve Monthly Deposit shall mean an amount equal to four 
percent (4%) of aggregate Gross Income from Operations from the Properties 
for the calendar month that is two (2) calendar months prior to the 
calendar month in which the applicable deposit to the Replacement Reserve 
Account is to be made. Notwithstanding the foregoing, provided that 
Borrower or Operating Lessee, as applicable, is maintaining the Property in 
accordance with the requirements of the Management Agreement and the Loan 
Documents, the amount of the Replacement Reserve Monthly Deposit shall be 
reduced by the aggregate amount of deposits required to be deposited by 
Borrower or Operating Lessee, as applicable, in the FF&E Concentration 
Account for the applicable month, to the extent that Lender shall have 
received evidence reasonably satisfactory to Lender that Borrower or 
Operating Lessee, as applicable, shall have made such deposit (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, if the aggregate amount of deposits by Borrower or 
Operating Lessee, as applicable, in the FF&E Concentration Account for a 
particular month equal or exceed four percent (4%) of aggregate Gross 
Income from Operations from the Properties for such month, no Replacement 
Reserve Monthly Deposit shall be required with respect to such month).

Replacements shall mean FF&E, replacements and repairs required to be 
made to each Individual Property or the Improvements.
 
-34-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Representative Borrower shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.6 
hereof.

Required Debt Yield shall mean a Debt Yield, as determined by Lender, 
equal to or exceeding seven percent (7.00%).

Required Repair Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5.1.30 hereof.

Required Repairs shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.30 
hereof.

Reserve Accounts shall mean, collectively, the Tax and Insurance Reserve 
Account, the Replacement Reserve Account, the Excess Cash Flow Reserve 
Account and any other escrow account established pursuant to the Loan 
Documents.

Reserve Funds shall mean, collectively, the Tax and Insurance Escrow 
Funds, the Replacement Reserve Funds, the Excess Cash Flow Reserve Funds 
and any other funds in any other escrow account established pursuant to the 
Loan Documents.

Restoration shall mean the repair and restoration of an Individual 
Property after a Casualty or Condemnation as nearly as possible to the 
condition the Individual Property was in immediately prior to such Casualty 
or Condemnation, with such alterations as may be reasonably approved by 
Lender.

Restricted Party shall mean (a) each Individual Borrower, each Individual 
Operating Lessee, and each Principal and (b) any shareholder, partner, 
member, non-member manager, or direct or indirect legal or beneficial owner 
of, any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, or any 
Principal but, with respect to this subclause (b), excluding any Excluded 
Entity.

Restructuring shall mean the corporate reorganization of HWHI, including 
the divestiture of HWHIs real estate and timeshare assets into two 
separate companies, one of which shall be Sponsor REIT, which shall, upon 
the consummation of the Restructuring, be a real estate investment trust 
under Sections 856-860 of the Code and applicable regulations relating 
thereto, as more particularly described in the Restructuring Steps 
Memorandum.

Restructuring Conditions shall mean, the satisfaction of each of the 
following (a) the delivery of each Assignment of Management Agreement 
described in clause (ii) of the definition of such term in Section 1.1; (b) 
the transfer of each Property Account and the FF&E Concentration Account 
into the name of an Individual Operating Lessee and the establishment of 
the Operating Account (in each case, or the applicable Manager, as agent 
for such Individual Operating Lessee) for the benefit of the Lender (or the 
opening, by any such Individual Operating Lessee, of accounts with respect 
to each Individual Property serving the same purposes as each Property 
Account, the FF&E Concentration Account and the Operating Account), 
together with either (i) the delivery of account control agreements with 
respect to each of the foregoing accounts, acceptable to Lender (in its 
reasonable discretion) and the Rating Agencies, provided that each such 
account control agreement shall be deemed to be satisfactory to Lender and 
the Rating Agencies if such account control agreement is in substantially 
the same
 
-35-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
form as the corresponding Property Account Control Agreement and the FF&E 
Concentration Account Control Agreement delivered as of the Closing Date, 
as applicable (and, in the case of, the Operating Account, in the form of 
the account control agreement approved by Lender in connection with the 
closing of the Loan), and thereafter such account control agreements shall 
be deemed the applicable Property Account Control Agreement, the FF&E 
Concentration Account Control Agreement and the Operating Account Control 
Agreement for purposes hereof or (ii) an assumption agreement pursuant to 
which each Individual Operating Lessee assumes the corresponding Individual 
Borrowers obligations under the applicable Property Account Control 
Agreement and the FF&E Concentration Account Control Agreement (the 
documents referred to in clauses (a) and (b) hereof, the Operating Lease 
Loan Documents); (c) no Operating Lease or Substitute Management Agreement 
shall have been materially amended or modified following the Closing Date, 
unless such amendment or modification does not have, or is not reasonably 
likely to have, an Individual Material Adverse Effect on any Individual 
Property; (d) the transfer to the applicable Individual Operating Lessee of 
all Licenses issued to an Individual Borrower at the time of the 
Restructuring that are necessary to operate the related Individual Property 
unless the failure to so transfer the same does not have, or is not 
reasonably likely to have, an Individual Material Adverse Effect on any 
Individual Property; (e) the transfer to the applicable Individual 
Operating Lessee, or the assumption by the applicable Individual Operating 
Lessee of the obligations thereunder, of all third-party contracts to which 
the corresponding Individual Borrower is a party at the time of the 
Restructuring and which are necessary in connection with the use, 
operation, and/or maintenance of the applicable Individual Property 
pursuant to documents which are acceptable to Lender in its reasonable 
discretion; (f) the applicable Individual Operating Lessee shall be named 
as an insured under all applicable Policies to the extent not so named on 
the Closing Date; (g) each Individual Operating Lessee shall deliver, at 
its sole cost and expense, a datedown endorsement to the applicable Title 
Insurance Policy, which insures the leasehold interest mortgaged to Lender 
as a valid first lien on the leasehold interest in the applicable 
Individual Property, and which endorsement shall insure that, as of the 
date of the Restructuring, the applicable Individual Property shall not be 
subject to any additional exceptions or liens other than those contained in 
the Title Insurance Policy with respect to such Individual Property and any 
other Permitted Encumbrances; (h) each Individual Operating Lessee shall 
furnish to Lender, (i) to the extent the Restructuring occurs subsequent to 
the date which is sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, all documents 
evidencing such Individual Operating Lessees organization and good 
standing and (ii) the qualification of the officers of such Individual 
Operating Lessee which execute the applicable Operating Lease Loan 
Documents to execute and deliver the same; (i) the delivery of an opinion 
of New York counsel with respect to due execution and enforceability of the 
Operating Lease Loan Documents governed by New York law which is 
satisfactory to Lender, as determined in Lenders reasonable discretion, 
provided that the foregoing shall be deemed satisfactory to the Lender if 
such opinions are substantially the same as those delivered as of the 
Closing Date by Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents executed as of 
the Closing Date which are the applicable counterparts to the Operating 
Lease Loan Documents; (j) no Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall fail to be a Special Purpose Entity by reason of the 
Restructuring; (k) Borrower shall deliver to Lender an Officers 
Certificate which certifies as to each Individual Borrowers and each 
Individual Operating Lessees continued compliance with Sections 5.1.25, 
5.1.28 and 5.2.9 hereof; (l) the payment of all of Lenders reasonable, 
actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements) incurred by Lender in
 
-36-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
connection with their review of the Restructuring; (m) the Restructuring 
shall be consummated in accordance with the Restructuring Steps Memorandum 
or, if with the consent of the Lender such Restructuring is consummated in 
any other manner, Lender shall receive a Rating Agency Confirmation with 
respect to the Restructuring and (n) Lender shall have performed searches 
and/or received other diligence such that Lender is in compliance with 
Lenders then current know your customer requirements and Lender shall 
have received Satisfactory Search Results for any owner of any Individual 
Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee which will own a ten percent 
(10%) or greater equity interest (directly or indirectly) in such 
Individual Borrower or such Individual Operating Lessee after giving effect 
to such Restructuring and did not own such a ten percent (10%) or greater 
equity interest (directly or indirectly) in the applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee prior to the Restructuring.

Restructuring Steps Memorandum shall mean the steps memorandum with 
respect to the Restructuring and related organizational structure chart 
attached hereto as Schedule 1.1.

S&P shall mean Standard & Poors Ratings Services.

Sale or Pledge shall mean a voluntary or involuntary sale, conveyance, 
assignment, transfer, encumbrance, pledge, grant of option or other 
transfer or disposal of a legal or beneficial interest, whether direct or 
indirect.

Satisfactory Search Results shall mean the results of credit history 
check, litigation, lien, bankruptcy, judgment and other similar searches 
with respect to the applicable Person, in each case, (i) revealing no 
matters which would, if the proposed Transfer were to be consummated, have 
or be reasonably likely to have, an Aggregate Material Adverse Effect or an 
Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to either Individual 
Property; (ii) demonstrating that such Person is not an Embargoed Person 
and (iii) yielding results which are otherwise acceptable to Lender in its 
reasonable discretion.

Scheduled Defeasance Payments shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.8.1(b) hereof.

Section 2.7 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, 
duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), 
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, 
including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 hereof.

Securities Act shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.1(h) 
hereof.

Securitization shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 hereof.

Securitization Vehicle shall mean each REMIC or Grantor Trust into which 
all or a portion of the Loan has been transferred.
 
-37-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Security Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
2.8.1(a)(v) hereof.

Servicer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.5 hereof.

Servicing Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.5 
hereof.

Severed Loan Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(c) 
hereof.

Single Employer Plan shall mean a single employer plan, as defined in 
Section 3(41) or Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, as applicable, that (a) is 
maintained for employees of Borrower, Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate and 
no Person other than Borrower, Guarantor and the ERISA Affiliates, or (b) 
was so maintained, and in respect of which Borrower, Guarantor or any ERISA 
Affiliate could have liability under Sections 4062-4069 of ERISA in the 
event such plan has been or were to be terminated.

Special Purpose Entity shall mean a limited partnership, general 
partnership or limited liability company that complies with the following 
requirements from and after the date hereof unless it has received prior 
written consent to do otherwise from Lender or a permitted administrative 
agent thereof, or, while the Loan is securitized, a Rating Agency 
Confirmation and an Additional Insolvency Opinion, in each case:

(i) is and shall be organized solely for the purpose of (A) in the case of 
an Individual Borrower, acquiring, developing, owning, holding, selling, 
leasing, transferring, exchanging, managing and operating the applicable 
Individual Property, entering into and performing its obligations under the 
Loan Documents with Lender, refinancing the applicable Individual Property 
in connection with a permitted repayment of the Loan, and transacting 
lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish 
the foregoing, (B) in the case of any Principal, acting as a general 
partner of the limited partnership that owns the related Individual 
Property or as member of the limited liability company that owns the 
related Individual Property and transacting lawful business that is 
incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing, and (C) in 
the case of an Individual Operating Lessee, leasing the applicable 
Individual Property pursuant to the applicable Operating Lease, owning 
personal property related thereto, managing and operating such Individual 
Property or engaging an eligible independent contractor to manage and 
operate such Individual Property, entering into and performing its 
obligations under the Loan Documents with Lender and transacting lawful 
business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the 
foregoing;

(ii) shall not engage in any business unrelated to the activities set forth 
in clause (i) of this definition;

(iii) shall not own any real property other than (A) in the case of an 
Individual Borrower, the applicable Individual Property and (B) in the case 
of Operating Lessee, its leasehold interest in the applicable Individual 
Property;
 
-38-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) shall not have any assets other than (A) in the case of each 
Individual Borrower, the related Individual Property and personal property 
necessary or incidental to its ownership and operation of such Individual 
Property, (B) in the case of any Principal, acting as a general partner of 
the limited partnership that owns the related Individual Property or as 
member of the limited liability company that owns the related Individual 
Property, and (C) in the case of each Individual Operating Lessee, the 
leasehold interest in the related Individual Property and personal property 
necessary or incidental to its leasing and operation of such Individual 
Property.

(v) shall not engage in, seek, consent to or permit (A) any dissolution, 
winding up, liquidation, consolidation or merger, (B) any sale or other 
transfer of all or substantially all of its assets or any sale of assets 
outside the ordinary course of its business except as permitted by the Loan 
Documents or (C) in the case of a Principal, any transfer of its 
partnership or membership interest;

(vi) shall not cause, consent to or permit any amendment of its limited 
partnership agreement, articles of organization, certificate of formation, 
operating agreement or other formation document or organizational document 
(as applicable) with respect to the matters set forth in this definition 
without the prior written consent of Lender;

(vii) if such entity is a limited partnership, has and shall have at least 
one general partner (or in the case of a general partnership, at least two 
general partners) and has and shall have, as its only general partners, 
Special Purpose Entities each of which (A) is a single member Delaware 
limited liability company, (B) has two (2) Independent Directors or 
Independent Managers, and (C) holds a direct interest as general partner in 
the limited partnership of not less than 0.5%;

(viii) intentionally omitted;

(ix) if such entity is a limited liability company (other than a limited 
liability company meeting all of the requirements applicable to a single 
member limited liability company set forth in this definition of Special 
Purpose Entity), has and shall have at least one (1) member that is a 
Special Purpose Entity, that is a single-member limited liability company, 
that has at least two (2) Independent Directors and that directly owns at 
least one half of one percent (0.5%) of the equity of the limited liability 
company;

(x) if such entity is a single member limited liability company, it or its 
Principal (A) is and shall be a Delaware limited liability company, (B) 
shall have at least two (2) Independent Directors or Independent Managers 
serving as managers of such company, (C) shall not take any Bankruptcy 
Action, either with respect to itself or, if the company is a Principal, 
with respect to the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee, in each case, unless two (2) Independent Directors or Independent 
Managers then serving as managers of the
 
-39-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
company shall have consented in writing to such action, and (D) shall have 
two (2) natural persons or one entity that is not a member of the company, 
that has signed its limited liability company agreement and that, under the 
terms of such limited liability company agreement becomes a member of the 
company immediately prior to the withdrawal or dissolution of the last 
remaining member of the company;

(xi) shall not (and, if such entity is (a) a limited liability company, has 
and shall have a limited liability agreement or an operating agreement, as 
applicable, or (b) a limited partnership, has a limited partnership 
agreement that, in each case, provides that such entity shall not) (1) 
dissolve, merge, liquidate, consolidate; (2) sell all or substantially all 
of its assets; (3) amend its organizational documents with respect to the 
matters set forth in this definition without the consent of Lender; or (4) 
without the affirmative vote of two (2) Independent Directors or 
Independent Managers of itself (if applicable), or, if such entity is a 
Principal, with respect to the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee, take any Bankruptcy Action;

(xii) shall at all times remain solvent and shall pay its debts and 
liabilities (including, a fairly allocated portion of any personnel and 
overhead expenses that it shares with any Affiliate) from its assets as the 
same shall become due, and shall maintain adequate capital for the normal 
obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character 
and in light of its contemplated business operations (in each case, to the 
extent there exists sufficient cash flow from the operations of the 
Property to do so); provided, that the foregoing shall not require any 
member, partner or shareholder of a Special Purpose Entity to make any 
additional capital contributions to a Special Purpose Entity;

(xiii) shall not fail to correct any known misunderstanding regarding the 
separate identity of such entity;

(xiv) shall maintain its bank accounts, books of account, books and records 
separate from those of any other Person and shall file its own tax return, 
or will be included as a disregarded entity in the filing of its parents 
tax return, or will be included in the filing of a consolidated tax return, 
as applicable;

(xv) shall maintain its own records, books, resolutions and agreements;

(xvi) except as between or among Individual Borrowers and/or Individual 
Operating Lessees, as contemplated by the Loan Documents and the applicable 
Management Agreement (where the applicable Manager is acting as the agent 
of the applicable Individual Borrower or the applicable Individual 
Operating Lessee), shall not commingle its funds or assets with those of 
any other Person and shall not participate in any cash management system 
with any other Person;

(xvii) shall hold its assets in its own name;
 
-40-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xviii) shall conduct its business in its name or in a name franchised or 
licensed to it by the applicable Manager or an Affiliate of such Manager 
except for business conducted on behalf of itself by another Person under a 
business management services agreement that is on commercially reasonable 
terms, so long as the manager, or equivalent thereof, under such business 
management services agreement holds itself out as an agent of such Special 
Purpose Entity;

(xix) (A) shall maintain its financial statements, accounting records and 
other entity documents separate from those of any other Person; (B) shall 
show, in its financial statements, its asset and liabilities separate and 
apart from those of any other Person; and (C) shall not permit its assets 
to be listed as assets on the financial statement of any of its Affiliates 
except as required by GAAP, as interpreted by the Uniform System of 
Accounts, provided, however, that any such consolidated financial statement 
contains a note indicating that the Special Purpose Entitys separate 
assets and credit are not available to pay the debts of such Affiliate and 
that the Special Purpose Entitys liabilities do not constitute obligations 
of the consolidated entity, except as provided herein with respect to each 
other Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee;

(xx) shall pay its own liabilities and expenses, including the salaries of 
its own employees, out of its own funds and assets, provided there is 
sufficient cash flow to do so, and shall maintain a sufficient number of 
employees, if any, in light of its contemplated business operations;

(xxi) shall observe all limited partnership or limited liability company 
formalities, as applicable;

(xxii) reserved;

(xxiii) following the Closing Date, (A) no Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee shall have any Indebtedness other than (I) in 
the case of an Individual Borrower, the Loan, (II) Permitted Debt and (III) 
such other liabilities that such Special Purpose Entity is expressly 
permitted to incur pursuant to this Agreement or as otherwise imposed by 
law and (B) no Principal shall have any Indebtedness;

(xxiv) except pursuant to an Operating Lease or an Owner Agreement, shall 
not assume or guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other 
Person, shall not hold out its credit as being available to satisfy the 
obligations of any other Person or shall not pledge its assets to secure 
the obligations of any other Person, in each case except as permitted 
pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Individual Borrowers and/or 
the Individual Operating Lessees with respect to each other or, in the case 
of Principal or required by applicable law with respect to the liabilities 
of the limited partnership of which Principal is a general partner;
 
-41-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xxv) shall not acquire obligations or securities of its partners, members 
or shareholders or any other owner or Affiliate;

(xxvi) shall allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are 
shared with any of its Affiliates, constituents, or owners, or any 
guarantors of any of their respective obligations, or any Affiliate of any 
of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, paying for shared office 
space and for services performed by any employee of an Affiliate;

(xxvii) shall maintain and use separate stationery, invoices and checks 
bearing its name and not bearing the name of any other entity unless such 
entity is clearly designated as being the Special Purpose Entitys agent;

(xxviii) reserved;

(xxix) shall hold itself out and identify itself as a separate and distinct 
entity under its own name or in a name franchised or licensed to it by an 
entity other than an Affiliate of such Special Purpose Entity and not as a 
division or part of any other Person,

(xxx) shall maintain its assets in such a manner that it shall not be 
costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual 
assets from those of any other Person;

(xxxi) except pursuant to an Operating Lease or an Owner Agreement, shall 
not make loans to any Person and shall not hold evidence of indebtedness 
issued by any other Person (other than cash and investment grade securities 
issued by an entity that is not an Affiliate of or subject to common 
ownership with such entity;

(xxxii) shall not identify its partners, members or shareholders, or any 
Affiliate of any of them, as a division or department or part of it and 
shall not identify itself as a division or department of any other Person;

(xxxiii) other than capital contributions and distributions permitted under 
the terms of its organizational documents, shall not enter into or be a 
party to, any transaction with any of its partners, members, shareholders 
or Affiliates except in the ordinary course of its business and on terms 
which are commercially reasonable terms comparable to those of an arms 
length transaction with an unrelated third party;

(xxxiv) shall not have any obligation to and shall not indemnify its 
partners, officers, directors or members, as the case may be, in each case 
unless such an obligation or indemnification is fully subordinated to the 
Debt and shall not constitute a claim against it in the event that its cash 
flow is insufficient to pay the Debt;

(xxxv) intentionally omitted;
 
-42-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xxxvi) shall not have any of its obligations guaranteed by any Affiliate 
except pursuant to an Operating Lease or Owner Agreement or as provided by 
the Loan Documents with respect to the Mortgage, the Guaranty, the 
Deductible Guaranty and Environmental Indemnity;

(xxxvii) shall not form, acquire or hold any subsidiary; provided, that a 
Principal may acquire and hold its interest in the related Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee;

(xxxviii) shall comply with all of the terms and provisions contained in 
its organizational documents;

(xxxix) shall conduct its business so that each of the assumptions made 
about it and each of the facts stated about it in the Insolvency Opinion, 
or if applicable, any Additional Insolvency Opinion, are true;

(xl) shall not permit any Affiliate or constituent party (other than the 
applicable Manager, solely in its capacity as an agent of such Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee) independent access to its bank 
accounts, except as expressly contemplated in the Loan Documents (other 
than the applicable Manager, solely in its capacity as an agent of such 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee);

(xli) is and shall continue to be duly formed, validly existing, and in 
good standing in the state of its formation and in all other jurisdictions 
where it is qualified to do business;

(xlii) is not currently involved in any dispute with any taxing authority 
other than taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings;

(xliii) is not now party to any lawsuit, arbitration, summons, or legal 
proceeding that resulted in a judgment against it that has not been paid in 
full;

(xliv) has no judgments or Liens of any nature against it except for 
Section 2.7 Tax liens not yet due and the Permitted Encumbrances;

(xlv) has provided Lender with complete financial statements that reflect a 
fair and accurate view of the entitys financial condition; and

(xlvi) has no material contingent or actual obligations not related to the 
Property.

Sponsor REIT shall mean Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., a Delaware 
corporation.

State shall mean, with respect to an Individual Property, the State or 
Commonwealth in which such Individual Property or any part thereof is 
located.
 
-43-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Substitute Management Agreement shall mean, with respect to each 
Individual Property, collectively, (i) that certain Management Agreement, 
dated as of the Closing Date, between the applicable Individual Operating 
Lessee and applicable Manager, (ii) that certain Owner Agreement dated as 
of the Closing Date, among the applicable Individual Operating Lessee, the 
applicable Individual Borrower and such applicable Manager (the Owner 
Agreement) and (iii) that certain Limited Management Agreement Side 
Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, between the applicable Individual 
Operating Lessee and the applicable Manager, a copy of each of which has 
been delivered to, and approved by, Lender, pursuant to which, effective on 
the Operating Lease Effective Date, the applicable Manager shall provide 
management services with respect to the applicable Individual Property.

Successor Borrower shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8.3 
hereof.

Survey shall mean a survey of the Individual Property in question 
prepared by a surveyor licensed in the State and satisfactory to Lender and 
the company or companies issuing the Title Insurance Policies, and 
containing a certification of such surveyor satisfactory to Lender.

Tax and Insurance Escrow Funds shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 7.2 hereof.

Tax and Insurance Reserve Account shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 7.2 hereof.

Taxes shall mean all real estate and personal property taxes, 
assessments, water rates or sewer rents, now or hereafter levied or 
assessed or imposed against any Individual Property or part thereof. In no 
event shall any PACE Loan be considered Taxes for the purposes of this 
Agreement.

Tenant shall mean any Person with a possessory right to all or any part 
of an Individual Property pursuant to a Lease.

Terrorism Coverage shall mean insurance for acts of terror or similar 
acts of sabotage; provided, that, for so long as the Terrorism Risk 
Insurance Act of 2002, as extended and modified by the Terrorism Risk 
Insurance Program Authorization Act of 2015 (as the same may be further 
modified, amended, or extended, TRIPRA) (a) remains in full force and 
effect and (b) continues to cover both foreign and domestic acts of terror, 
the provisions of TRIPRA shall determine what is deemed to be included 
within this definition of Terrorism Coverage.

Threshold Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.22 
hereof.

Title Insurance Policy shall mean, with respect to each Individual 
Property, an ALTA mortgagee title insurance policy in the form reasonably 
acceptable to Lender (or, if an Individual Property is in a State which 
does not permit the issuance of such ALTA policy, such form as shall be 
permitted in such State and reasonably acceptable to Lender) issued with 
respect to such Individual Property and insuring the lien of the Mortgage 
encumbering such Individual Property.
 
-44-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Transfer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.10(b) hereof.

Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.10(e)(iii) 
hereof.

UCC or Uniform Commercial Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code 
as in effect in the applicable State in which an Individual Property is 
located.

Unencumbered Individual Borrower shall have the meaning specified in 
Section 2.4.2(b) hereof.

Unencumbered Individual Operating Lessee shall have the meaning specified 
in Section 2.4.2(b) hereof.

Uniform System of Accounts shall mean the Eleventh Revised Edition, 2014, 
of the Uniform System of Accounts for Hotels as adopted by the American 
Hotel and Motel Association, as revised from time to time.

U.S. Obligations shall mean non-redeemable securities evidencing an 
obligation to timely pay principal and/or interest in a full and timely 
manner that are (a) direct obligations of the United States of America for 
the payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged, or (b) to the 
extent acceptable to the Approved Rating Agencies, other government 
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended.

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined 
in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.7(e) hereof.

Working Capital Peg Balance shall mean the sum of (a) the estimated 
amount of Manager Required Payments anticipated by each Manager in its 
reasonable business judgment to be incurred in the next thirty (30) days 
(other than Taxes and Insurance Premiums) and (b) amounts sufficient to pay 
Taxes and Insurance Premiums, each as reasonably determined by each Manager 
in accordance with the applicable Management Agreement.

Working Funds shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the Management 
Agreement.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA 
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA 
Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for 
the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers 
are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

Yield Maintenance Default Premium shall mean, with respect to any 
repayment of the outstanding principal balance of the Loan prior to the 
Permitted Release Date which is made (or deemed to be made) during the 
continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 2.4.3 hereof, an 
amount equal to the greater of (a) five percent (5%) of the outstanding
 
-45-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
principal of the applicable Component of the Loan to be prepaid or 
satisfied and (b) the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the present values 
of all then-scheduled payments of interest to be made with respect to the 
portion of such Component being prepaid assuming that all scheduled 
payments are made timely and that the remaining outstanding principal and 
interest on the portion of the applicable Component being prepaid assuming 
that all scheduled payments are made timely and that the portion of the 
principal of the applicable Component being prepaid (including interest 
thereon through the end of the related Interest Period) is paid on the 
Yield Maintenance End Date (with each such payment and assumed payment 
discounted to its present value at the date of prepayment at the rate 
which, when compounded monthly, is equivalent to the Prepayment Rate when 
compounded semi-annually and deducting from the sum of such present values 
any short-term interest paid from the date of prepayment to the next 
succeeding Payment Date in the event such payment is not made on a Payment 
Date), over (ii) the principal amount being prepaid.

Yield Maintenance End Date shall mean the Payment Date occurring in 
December, 2019.

Yield Maintenance Premium shall mean, with respect to any repayment of 
the outstanding principal balance of the Loan prior to the Yield 
Maintenance End Date, an amount equal to the greater of (a) one percent 
(1%) of the outstanding principal of the applicable Component of the Loan 
to be prepaid or satisfied and (b) the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of 
the present values of all then-scheduled payments of interest to be made 
with respect to the portion of such Component being prepaid assuming that 
all scheduled payments are made timely and that the remaining outstanding 
principal and interest on the portion of the applicable Component being 
prepaid assuming that all scheduled payments are made timely and that the 
portion of the principal of the applicable Component being prepaid 
(including interest thereon through the end of the related Interest Period) 
is paid on the Yield Maintenance End Date (with each such payment and 
assumed payment discounted to its present value at the date of prepayment 
at the rate which, when compounded monthly, is equivalent to the Prepayment 
Rate when compounded semi-annually and deducting from the sum of such 
present values any short-term interest paid from the date of prepayment to 
the next succeeding Payment Date in the event such payment is not made on a 
Payment Date), over (ii) the principal amount being prepaid.

Section 1.2 Principles of Construction. All references to sections and 
schedules are to sections and schedules in or to this Agreement unless 
otherwise specified. All uses of the word including shall mean 
including, without limitation unless the context shall indicate 
otherwise. Unless otherwise specified, the words hereof, herein and 
hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall 
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of 
this Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, all meanings attributed to 
defined terms herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and 
plural forms of the terms so defined. Until the Operating Lease Effective 
Date, the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the Operating Lease 
shall have no force and effect, and effective from and after the Operating 
Lease Effective Date, such provisions shall automatically take effect 
without any further action required by any Person. For the avoidance of 
doubt and without limitation to the foregoing, any covenants of any 
Individual Operating Lessee contained in this Agreement which cannot be 
performed by such Individual Operating Lessee until the Operating Lease 
Effective Date shall not become effective as obligations of such Individual 
Operating Lessee until the Operating Lease Effective Date.
 
-46-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE II

GENERAL TERMS

Section 2.1 Loan Commitment; Disbursement to Borrower.

2.1.1 Agreement to Lend and Borrow. Subject to and upon the terms and 
conditions set forth herein, Lender hereby agrees to make and Borrower 
hereby agrees to accept the Loan on the Closing Date.

2.1.2 Single Disbursement to Borrower. Borrower may request and receive 
only one (1) borrowing hereunder in respect of the Loan and any amount 
borrowed and repaid or defeased hereunder in respect of the Loan may not be 
reborrowed. Borrower and Lender acknowledge and agree that the Loan shall 
be fully funded as of the Closing Date.

2.1.3 The Note, Mortgage and Loan Documents. The Loan shall be evidenced by 
the Note and secured by the Mortgages and the other Loan Documents.

2.1.4 Use of Proceeds. Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan to (a) 
repay and discharge any existing loans relating to the Properties, (b) pay 
all past due Basic Carrying Costs, if any, with respect to the Properties, 
(c) pay costs and expenses incurred in connection with the closing of the 
Loan, as approved by Lender, (d) fund any working capital requirements of 
the Properties and (e) distribute the balance, if any, to Borrower, which 
may further distribute such amounts to any owner of a direct or indirect 
interest in any Individual Borrower.

2.1.5 Components of the Loan. For the purpose of computing interest payable 
from time to time on the principal amount of the Loan and certain other 
computations set forth herein, the principal balance of the Loan shall be 
divided into Component A-1, Component A-2, Component A-3, Component A-4, 
Component A-5 and Component A-6. The principal amount of the Components 
shall be as follows:
 
COMPONENT
   	PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 	  	   	INTEREST RATE 	 
 A-1
   	$ 	120,000,000.00 	   	   	  	4.1145 	% 
 A-2
   	$ 	120,000,000.00 	   	   	  	4.1145 	% 
 A-3
   	$ 	120,000,000.00 	   	   	  	4.1145 	% 
 A-4
   	$ 	120,000,000.00 	   	   	  	4.1145 	% 
 A-5
   	$ 	120,000,000.00 	   	   	  	4.1145 	% 
 A-6
   	$ 	125,000,000.00 	   	   	  	4.1145 	% 
 
-47-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.2 Interest Rate.

2.2.1 Interest Rate. (a) Interest on the outstanding principal balance of 
each Component shall accrue at the Interest Rate or as otherwise set forth 
in this Agreement (including Section 2.2.3 hereof) from (and including) the 
Closing Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

2.2.2 Interest Calculation. Interest on the outstanding principal balance 
of each Component of the Loan shall be calculated by multiplying (a) the 
actual number of days elapsed in the period for which the calculation is 
being made by (b) a daily rate based on a three hundred sixty (360) day 
year (that is, the Interest Rate applicable to such Component expressed as 
an annual rate divided by three hundred sixty (360)) by (c) the outstanding 
principal balance of such Component.

2.2.3 Default Rate. In the event that, and for so long as, any Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the outstanding principal 
balance of the Loan and, to the extent permitted by law, all accrued and 
unpaid interest in respect of the Loan and any other amounts due pursuant 
to the Loan Documents, shall accrue interest at the Default Rate, 
calculated from the date such payment was due without regard to any grace 
or cure periods contained herein. If any Component is not repaid on the 
Maturity Date, default interest will accrue on such Component from and 
after the Maturity Date and will be calculated by multiplying (a) the 
actual number of days elapsed from the date such payment was due for which 
the calculation is being made by (b) a daily rate based on a three hundred 
sixty (360) day year (that is, the Default Rate applicable to such 
Component expressed as an annual rate divided by three hundred sixty (360)) 
by (c) the outstanding principal balance of such Component.

2.2.4 Usury Savings. This Agreement, the Note and the other Loan Documents 
are subject to the express condition that at no time shall Borrower be 
obligated or required to pay interest on the principal balance of the Loan 
at a rate which could subject Lender to either civil or criminal liability 
as a result of being in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate. If, by the terms 
of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Borrower is at any time 
required or obligated to pay interest on the principal balance due 
hereunder at a rate in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate, the Interest Rate 
or the Default Rate, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be immediately 
reduced to the Maximum Legal Rate and all previous payments in excess of 
the Maximum Legal Rate shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction 
of principal and not on account of the interest due hereunder.

Section 2.3 Loan Payment.

2.3.1 Monthly Debt Service Payments. Borrower shall pay to Lender (a) on 
the Closing Date, an amount equal to interest only on the outstanding 
principal balance of the Loan from the Closing Date up to and including 
October 31, 2016 and (b) commencing on the Payment Date occurring in 
December, 2016 and on each Payment Date thereafter up to and including the 
Maturity Date, Borrower shall make a payment to Lender equal to the Monthly 
Debt Service Payment Amount, which payments shall be applied to accrued and 
unpaid interest for the related Interest Period. The Monthly Debt Service 
Payment Amount paid pursuant to this Section 2.3.1 shall be applied: (i) 
first, to the payment of interest due and payable on Component
 
-48-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
A-1; (ii) second, to the payment of interest due and payable on Component 
A-2, (iii) third, to the payment of interest due and payable on Component 
A-3, (iv) fourth, to the payment of interest due and payable on Component 
A-4, (v) fifth, to the payment of interest due and payable on Component A-5 
and (vi) sixth, to the payment of interest due and payable on Component 
A-6.

2.3.2 Payments Generally. The first Interest Period hereunder shall 
commence on and include the Closing Date and shall end on and include 
October 31, 2016. Thereafter during the term of the Loan, each Interest 
Period shall commence on the first day of each calendar month and end on 
the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding the related 
Payment Date. For purposes of making payments hereunder, but not for 
purposes of calculating the applicable Interest Period for any Payment 
Date, if the day on which such payment is due is not a Business Day, then 
amounts due on such date shall be due on the immediately preceding Business 
Day and with respect to payments of principal due on the Maturity Date, 
interest shall be payable at the Interest Rate or the Default Rate, as the 
case may be, through and including the day immediately preceding the 
Maturity Date. All amounts due under this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents shall be payable without setoff, counterclaim, defense or any 
other deduction whatsoever unless required by applicable law.

2.3.3 Payment on Maturity Date. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the 
Maturity Date the outstanding principal balance of the Loan, all accrued 
(or to be accrued) and unpaid interest and all other amounts due hereunder 
and under the Note, the Mortgages and the other Loan Documents.

2.3.4 Late Payment Charge. If any principal, interest or any other sums due 
under the Loan Documents are not paid by Borrower on or prior to the date 
on which it is due (other than the principal amount due on the Maturity 
Date), Borrower shall pay to Lender upon demand an amount equal to the 
lesser of three percent (3%) of such unpaid sum or the Maximum Legal Rate 
in order to defray the expense incurred by Lender in handling and 
processing such delinquent payment and to compensate Lender for the loss of 
the use of such delinquent payment. Any such amount shall be secured by the 
Mortgages and the other Loan Documents to the extent permitted by 
applicable law.

2.3.5 Method and Place of Payment. Except as otherwise specifically 
provided herein, all payments and prepayments under this Agreement and the 
Note shall be made to Lender not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, 
on the date when due and shall be made in lawful money of the United States 
of America in immediately available funds at Lenders office or as 
otherwise directed by Lender, and any funds received by Lender after such 
time shall, for all purposes hereof, be deemed to have been paid on the 
next succeeding Business Day.

Section 2.4 Prepayments.

2.4.1 Voluntary Prepayments. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in 
this Section 2.4 or in connection with a release of an Individual Property 
conducted in accordance with Section 2.5.2 below or a Partial Release 
conducted in accordance with Section 2.5.6 below, Borrower shall not have 
the right to prepay the Loan in whole or in part. Provided that Borrower 
has not previously elected to defease the Loan in whole in accordance with 
Section 2.8.1 hereof, Borrower may prepay the Loan (a) from and after the 
Permitted Release Date (1) in whole or (2)
 
-49-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
in connection with a Partial Release conducted in accordance with Section 
2.5.6 below, in part, and/or (b) from and after the Closing Date, solely in 
connection with a release of an Individual Property conducted in accordance 
with Section 2.5.2 below , in part provided, that, in each case, (i) no 
Event of Default is continuing as of the date of the applicable prepayment; 
(ii) Borrower gives Lender not less than ten (10) days prior written 
notice of the principal amount of the Loan that Borrower intends to prepay 
and the intended date of prepayment, which notice shall be revocable by 
Borrower at any time (the Prepayment Notice); and (iii) Borrower pays 
Lender, in addition to the outstanding principal amount of the Loan to be 
prepaid (A) if such prepayment does not occur on a Payment Date, all 
interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of the Loan to be 
prepaid through and including the last day of the Interest Period related 
to the Payment Date following the date of such prepayment or, if such 
prepayment occurs on a Payment Date, any interest that would have accrued 
on the principal amount of the Loan to be prepaid through and including the 
last day of the Interest Period immediately preceding such Payment Date; 
(B) all other sums then due and payable under this Agreement, the Note, and 
the other Loan Documents, including, but not limited to all of Lenders 
reasonable, actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Lender in connection with 
such prepayment of the Loan and any actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses 
incurred in connection with a rescinded or extended Prepayment Notice and 
(C) if such prepayment is made prior to the Yield Maintenance End Date, the 
Yield Maintenance Premium.

2.4.2 Mandatory Prepayments.

(a) On the next occurring Payment Date following the date on which Lender 
actually receives any Net Proceeds relating to an Individual Property, if 
Lender is not obligated to make such Net Proceeds available to Borrower for 
the Restoration of the affected Individual Property or otherwise remit such 
Net Proceeds to Borrower pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof, Borrower shall 
prepay or authorize Lender to apply such Net Proceeds as a prepayment of 
all or a portion of the outstanding principal balance of the Loan together 
with interest through and including the last day of the Interest Period 
immediately preceding such Payment Date and any other sums due hereunder in 
an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of such Net Proceeds, 
provided that, if no Event of Default is then continuing, any Net Proceeds 
in excess of the Adjusted Release Amount shall be disbursed to Borrower, it 
being understood that any such mandatory payments of principal in an amount 
up to the Adjusted Release Amount for such Individual Property made 
pursuant to this Section 2.4.2 shall be applied in accordance with Section 
2.4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence of and during 
the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may apply such Net Proceeds 
to the Debt (until paid in full) in any order or priority in its sole 
discretion. Other than during the continuance of an Event of Default, no 
Yield Maintenance Premium or other premium, penalty or charge shall be due 
in connection with any prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.4.2. If 
both Properties remain as collateral for the Debt at the time of the 
application of any Net Proceeds pursuant to the foregoing, the Release 
Amount with respect to the affected Individual Property shall be reduced by 
an amount equal to the principal portion of such prepayment applied to the 
Loan; provided, that nothing herein shall be construed to so reduce the 
Adjusted Release Amount for such Individual Property required to be paid to 
Lender prior to obtaining a release of such Individual Property. Lender 
shall provide to Borrower, upon ten (10) days prior notice, (i) a release 
of the applicable Individual Property (and any related Collateral) if (A) 
at any time, both Properties remain as collateral for the Debt and the 
Adjusted Release Amount of the affected Individual
 
-50-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property is reduced to zero, together with such additional documents and 
instruments evidencing or confirming the release as Borrower shall 
reasonably request, or (B) Lender is required to deliver such release 
pursuant to a court order issued in connection with a Condemnation or (ii) 
a release of the portion of an Individual Property that is subject to a 
Condemnation.

(b) In connection with any release of an Individual Property under this 
Section 2.4.2, each of the Individual Borrower and Individual Operating 
Lessee that own and operate such Individual Property (the Unencumbered 
Individual Borrower and the Unencumbered Individual Operating Lessee, 
respectively) shall be released by Lender from their respective obligations 
of the Loan Documents, except with respect to those obligations that are 
expressly provided herein to survive repayment of the Loan, and shall no 
longer be considered an Individual Borrower or an Individual Operating 
Lessee (as applicable) for purposes of this Agreement. In connection with a 
release or cancellation of an Unencumbered Individual Borrower and the 
corresponding Unencumbered Individual Operating Lessee, Lender agrees to 
deliver (i) a UCC-3 Financing Statement termination or amendment releasing 
Lenders security interest in the collateral pledged to Lender relating to 
such Unencumbered Individual Borrower and/or Unencumbered Individual 
Operating Lessee, and (ii) instruments executed by Lender reasonably 
necessary to evidence the release or cancellation of such Unencumbered 
Individual Borrower and Unencumbered Individual Operating Lessee from its 
respective obligations under the Loan Documents. All reasonable costs and 
expenses incurred by Lender in connection with such release shall be paid 
by Borrower.

2.4.3 Prepayments After Default. If, during the continuance of an Event of 
Default, payment of all or any part of the Debt is tendered by Borrower or 
otherwise recovered by Lender (including, without limitation, through 
application of any Reserve Funds), such tender or recovery shall (a) 
include interest at the Default Rate on the outstanding principal amount of 
the Loan through the last calendar day of each Interest Period within which 
such tender or recovery occurs and (b) be deemed a voluntary prepayment by 
Borrower and shall in all instances include (i) an amount equal to (A) if 
such tender or recovery is made on or prior to the Permitted Release Date, 
the Yield Maintenance Default Premium or (B) if such tender or recovery is 
made after the Permitted Release Date but prior to the Yield Maintenance 
End Date, the Yield Maintenance Premium, if applicable, and (ii) all 
interest which would have accrued on the amount of the Loan to be paid 
through the end of the related Interest Period. After the occurrence of and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may apply such 
payment proceeds to the Debt (until paid in full), in any order or priority 
in its sole discretion.

2.4.4 Application of Principal Payments to Components. Any mandatory 
prepayment of principal of the Loan made pursuant to Section 2.4.2 hereof 
and any prepayments of the principal amount of the Loan pursuant to 
Section 2.4 hereof or otherwise shall be applied by Lender as follows: (a) 
first, to the reduction of Component A-1, until reduced to zero; (b) 
second, to the reduction of Component A-2, until reduced to zero; (c) 
third, to the reduction of the outstanding principal balance of Component 
A-3, until reduced to zero; (d) fourth, to the reduction of the outstanding 
principal balance of Component A-4, until reduced to zero; (e) fifth, to 
the reduction of the outstanding principal balance of Component A-5, until 
reduced to zero; and (f) sixth, to the reduction of the outstanding 
principal balance of Component A-6, until reduced to zero. After the 
occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may 
apply such payment to the Components or any portion of the Debt (until paid 
in full) in any order or priority in its sole discretion.
 
-51-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.4.5 Debt Yield Cure. In order to achieve the applicable Required Debt 
Yield to effect a Debt Yield Cure, Borrower may, after the Permitted 
Release Date, prepay a portion of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Loan in the amount necessary to cause the Debt Yield to equal or exceed the 
applicable Required Debt Yield (each such prepayment, a Debt Yield Cure 
Payment), provided that (a) no Event of Default is then continuing, and 
(b) in each case, Borrower pays Lender, in addition to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Loan to be prepaid, (i) if such prepayment does not 
occur on a Payment Date, all interest that would have accrued on the 
principal amount of the Loan to be prepaid through and including the last 
day of the Interest Period related to the Payment Date following the date 
of such prepayment or, if such prepayment occurs on a Payment Date, any 
interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of the Loan to be 
prepaid through and including the last day of the Interest Period 
immediately preceding such Payment Date; (ii) all other sums then due and 
payable under this Agreement, the Note, and the other Loan Documents, 
including, but not limited to all of Lenders reasonable costs and expenses 
(including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Lender 
in connection with such prepayment; and (iii) if such prepayment is made 
prior to the Yield Maintenance End Date, the Yield Maintenance Premium.

Section 2.5 Release of Property. Except as set forth in this Section 2.5, 
Section 2.4.2 or Section 2.8, no repayment, defeasance or prepayment of all 
or any portion of the Loan shall cause, give rise to a right to require, or 
otherwise result in, the release of any Lien of any Mortgage on any 
Individual Property. For the avoidance of doubt, any prepayment of the Loan 
in connection with a Condemnation shall be governed solely by Section 2.4.2 
and Section 6.3 hereof.

2.5.1 Release of all Properties Upon Payment in Full. (a) If Borrower has 
elected to prepay or defease the Loan and the requirements of this Section 
2.5 and Section 2.4 or Section 2.8, as applicable, have been satisfied or 
the Loan is repaid in full on the Maturity Date, all of the Properties 
shall be released from the Liens of their respective Mortgages, and, in the 
event Borrower has elected to defease the Loan, the U.S. Obligations 
pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement shall be the sole source of 
collateral securing the Note.

(b) In connection with the release of the Mortgages, Borrower shall submit 
to Lender, not less than seven (7) Business Days prior to the Payment Date 
on which Borrower intends to prepay the Loan in full, a release of Lien 
(and related Loan Documents) for each Individual Property for execution by 
Lender. Such release shall be in a form appropriate in each jurisdiction in 
which an Individual Property is located and that would be satisfactory to a 
prudent lender acting reasonably. In addition, Borrower shall provide all 
other documentation Lender reasonably requires to be delivered by Borrower 
in connection with such release, together with an Officers Certificate 
certifying that such documentation (i) is in compliance with all Legal 
Requirements, and (ii) will effect such releases in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement. Borrower shall pay all reasonable third-party 
costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with such release and 
the then current reasonable and customary fee being assessed by Servicer, 
if any, to effect such release.
 
-52-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.5.2 Release of Individual Property. At any time that both Properties 
continue to constitute collateral for the Debt, if Borrower has elected to 
prepay a portion of the Loan and the requirements of Section 2.4.1 and this 
Section 2.5.2 have been satisfied, and provided that no Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing, Borrower may obtain the release of an 
Individual Property from the Lien of the Mortgage thereon and related Loan 
Documents, upon the satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

(a) The amount of the outstanding principal balance of the Loan to be 
prepaid shall equal the Adjusted Release Amount for the applicable 
Individual Property, and such prepayment shall be deemed a voluntary 
prepayment for all purposes hereunder including, without limitation, the 
payment of the Yield Maintenance Premium if such prepayment is made prior 
to the Yield Maintenance End Date;

(b) Subsequent to such release, the remaining Individual Borrower and the 
remaining Operating Lessee shall each continue to be a Special Purpose 
Entity pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 4.1.30 and Section 
5.1.28 hereof;

(c) If, in connection with such release, the applicable Individual Property 
will be transferred to an Affiliate of the related Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee, Borrower shall deliver an Additional 
Insolvency Opinion;

(d) Borrower shall submit to Lender, not less than seven (7) days prior to 
the date on which the prepayment will be made, a release (or assignment) of 
Lien (and related Loan Documents) for such Individual Property for 
execution by Lender. Such release (or assignment) shall be in a form 
appropriate in each jurisdiction in which the Individual Property is 
located and that would be satisfactory to a prudent lender acting 
reasonably and contains standard provisions, if any, protecting the rights 
of the releasing lender. In addition, Borrower shall provide all other 
documentation Lender reasonably requires to be delivered by Borrower in 
connection with such release, together with an Officers Certificate 
certifying that such documentation (i) is in compliance with all Legal 
Requirements, (ii) will effect such release in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement, and (iii) will not impair or otherwise adversely affect the 
Liens and security interests granted under the Loan Documents and not being 
released (or as to the Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee and 
Individual Property not being released and Guarantor);

(e) After giving effect to such release, the Debt Yield for the Individual 
Property then remaining subject to the Lien of the applicable Mortgage 
shall not be less than the greater of (i) the lesser of (A) fifteen percent 
(15%) or (B) the Debt Yield for all of the Properties subject to the Liens 
of Mortgages immediately prior to giving effect to such release or (ii) 
eleven and six-tenths percent (11.6%) (the Release Debt Yield);

(f) Intentionally Omitted;

(g) Borrower shall reimburse Lender and Servicer, if any, for any third 
party costs and expenses arising from such release (including reasonable 
attorneys fees and expenses) and Borrower shall have paid, in connection 
with such release, (i) all recording charges, filing fees, similar taxes or 
other expenses payable in connection therewith, (ii) all costs and expenses
 
-53-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the Approved Rating Agencies incurred with respect to such release (to 
the extent such costs have not already been paid directly by Borrower), and 
(iii) to any Servicer, the current fee being assessed by such Servicer to 
effect such release; and

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any 
other Loan Document, if the Loan is included in a REMIC Trust and the 
Loan-to-Value Ratio exceeds or would exceed 125% immediately after giving 
effect to the release of the applicable Individual Property, no release 
will be permitted unless the principal balance of the Loan is prepaid by an 
amount not less than the greater of (i) the Adjusted Release Amount or (ii) 
the least of the following amounts: (A) only if the released Individual 
Property is sold, the net proceeds of an arms length sale of the released 
Individual Property to an unrelated Person, (B) the fair market value of 
the released Individual Property as reasonably determined by Lender at the 
time of the release, or (C) an amount such that the Loan-to-Value Ratio (as 
so determined by Lender) after giving effect to the release of the 
applicable Individual Property is not greater than the Loan-to-Value Ratio 
immediately prior to such release, unless Lender receives an opinion of 
counsel that, if this clause (ii) is applicable but not followed or is no 
longer applicable at the time of such release, the Securitization will not 
fail to maintain its status as a REMIC Trust as a result of the release of 
the applicable Individual Property.

In connection with any release of an Individual Property under this 
Section 2.5, each of the Unencumbered Individual Borrower and the 
Unencumbered Individual Operating Lessee shall be released by Lender from 
their respective obligations of the Loan Documents, except with respect to 
those obligations that are expressly provided herein to survive repayment 
of the Loan, and shall no longer be considered an Individual Borrower or an 
Individual Operating Lessee (as applicable) for purposes of this Agreement. 
In connection with a release or cancellation of an Unencumbered Individual 
Borrower and the corresponding Unencumbered Individual Operating Lessee, 
Lender agrees to deliver (i) a UCC-3 Financing Statement termination or 
amendment releasing Lenders security interest in the collateral pledged to 
Lender relating to such Unencumbered Individual Borrower and/or 
Unencumbered Individual Operating Lessee, and (ii) instruments executed by 
Lender reasonably necessary to evidence the release or cancellation of such 
Unencumbered Individual Borrower and Unencumbered Individual Operating 
Lessee from its respective obligations under the Loan Documents. All 
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with such 
release shall be paid by Borrower.

2.5.3 Release in Connection with a Sale to Third-Party. Notwithstanding the 
provisions of Section 2.5.2(e), with respect to a requested release of an 
Individual Property in conjunction with the sale of such Individual 
Property in an arms length transaction to a third party purchaser (with 
not more than a twenty-five percent (25%) non-controlling direct or 
indirect interest in such Individual Property retained by the applicable 
Individual Borrower, the applicable Individual Operating Lessee, Guarantor, 
or any of their respective Affiliates), if the Debt Yield for the 
Individual Property then remaining subject to the Lien of the applicable 
Mortgage, after giving effect to the release, would not satisfy the Release 
Debt Yield condition, Borrower shall be permitted to obtain a release (or 
assignment) of the Lien of the Mortgage, provided that in lieu of paying 
the applicable Adjusted Release Amount in connection with such release, 
then Borrower shall pay to Lender (together with all other amounts due to 
Lender pursuant to clauses (g) and (h) and the last paragraph of Section 
2.5.2 without duplication) an
 
-54-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
amount equal to the greater of (A) the Adjusted Release Amount applicable 
to such Individual Property and (B) the lesser of (I) one hundred percent 
(100%) of the Net Sales Proceeds actually received by the applicable 
Individual Borrower from such Individual Property or (II) the amount of a 
prepayment of the Loan that would be necessary to, after giving effect to 
the requested release of the applicable Individual Property, satisfy the 
Release Debt Yield condition. Any such prepayment pursuant to this Section 
2.5.3 shall be deemed a voluntary prepayment for all purposes hereunder, 
including, without limitation, the payment of the Yield Maintenance Premium 
if such prepayment is made prior to the Yield Maintenance End Date.

2.5.4 Assignment of Mortgage. Upon the request of Borrower in connection 
with the release of any Individual Property pursuant to the provisions of 
this Agreement, Lender agrees to cooperate, at Borrowers sole cost and 
expense (including Lenders reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements), 
to provide an assignment of the Mortgage with respect to such Individual 
Property without representation, recourse, covenant or warranty of any 
nature, express or implied, in lieu of the release. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Lender reserves the right to impose different requirements or 
procedures on such an assignment of the Mortgage to the extent (but only to 
the extent) necessary to accommodate any Legal Requirements enacted or 
interpreted in a new manner subsequent to the date hereof at the time of 
such release if and to the extent a reasonably prudent Lender would impose 
such requirements or procedures.

2.5.5 Intentionally Omitted.

2.5.6 Partial Releases. If Borrower has elected to prepay the Loan in part 
and the requirements of Section 2.4 and this Section 2.5, as applicable, 
have been satisfied, Lender agrees to release from the Lien of the 
applicable Mortgages and the other Loan Documents certain parcels of real 
property which do not materially and adversely affect the ongoing 
operations of the remaining property other than the lost income associated 
with the parcel being released (each a Release Parcel and, collectively, 
the Release Parcels) upon satisfaction of the following conditions by 
Borrower:

(a) Not more than ninety (90) calendar days and not less than thirty (30) 
calendar days prior to the date of the release, Borrower delivers a notice 
(which Borrower shall have the right to revoke, modify or extend from time 
to time) to Lender setting forth (i) the date of the proposed release, (ii) 
a survey of the Release Parcel in scope and substance that would be 
satisfactory to a prudent lender acting reasonably, and (iii) an appraisal 
indicating the value of the related Individual Property (both inclusive and 
exclusive of the Release Parcel) that (A) is executed and delivered to 
Lender by a qualified MAI appraiser having no direct or indirect interest 
in such Release Parcel or any loan secured in whole or in part thereby and 
whose compensation is not affected by the approval or disapproval of such 
appraisal by Lender, (B) is addressed to Lender and its successors and 
assigns; and (C) satisfies the requirements of the Federal National 
Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and 
Title XI of the Federal Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act 
of 1989 and the regulations promulgated thereunder, all as in effect on the 
date of such calculation, with respect to such appraisal and the appraiser 
making such appraisal;

(b) Intentionally omitted;
 
-55-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) As of the date of the release, no Event of Default is continuing;

(d) Borrower delivers to Lender (i) evidence which would be satisfactory to 
a prudent lender acting reasonably that (A) the Release Parcel has been or 
concurrently with the release will be legally subdivided from the remainder 
of the related Individual Property (or an application therefor shall have 
been filed and the applicable Individual Borrower and transferee have 
entered into a property tax allocation agreement with the same economic 
effect of a tax lot subdivision), and (B) the Release Parcel (together with 
any appurtenant easements or other rights with respect to adjacent 
property) is not necessary for the related Individual Property to comply 
with any zoning, building, land use or parking or other similar Legal 
Requirements with respect to the related Individual Property or for the 
then current use of the related Individual Property, including without 
limitation for access, driveways, parking, utilities or drainage or, to the 
extent that the Release Parcel is necessary for any such purpose, a 
reciprocal easement agreement, joint development agreement or other 
agreement has been executed and recorded that would allow the owner of the 
related Individual Property to continue to use the Release Parcel to the 
extent necessary for such purpose, which joint development agreement or 
reciprocal easement agreement shall be superior to the applicable Mortgage 
and (ii) a certificate executed by an officer of the applicable Individual 
Borrower stating that after giving effect to such transfer, each of the 
Release Parcel and the balance of the related Individual Property (together 
with any appurtenant easements or other rights with respect to adjacent 
property) conforms to and is in compliance in all material respects with 
Legal Requirements and constitutes or will constitute a separate tax lot 
(and Lender agrees to execute and deliver an instrument in form and 
substance reasonably acceptable to Lender, at Borrowers sole cost and 
expense, confirming the subordination of the applicable Mortgage to a joint 
development agreement, reciprocal easement agreement or other agreement 
referred to in clause (i)(B) above);

(e) Borrower shall deliver to Lender an endorsement to the Title Insurance 
Policy (to the extent reasonably available in the applicable State) 
insuring the applicable Mortgage, which endorsement (i) extends the 
effective date of such Title Insurance Policy to the effective date of the 
release, (ii) confirms no change in the priority of the Mortgage on the 
balance of the related Individual Property (exclusive of the Release Parcel 
and except as expressly provided in Section 2.5.6(d)(B)(i) above); (iii) 
insures the rights and benefits under any new or amended reciprocal 
easement agreement or such other agreement required pursuant to Section 
2.5.6(d)(i) above that has been executed and recorded, if any; and (iv) 
subject to the last paragraph of this Section 2.5.6, lists as Permitted 
Exceptions, and insures the rights and benefits under, any condominium or 
similar documents recorded in order to effect the creation of the Release 
Parcel, the terms of which shall have been approved by Lender (and Lender 
shall agree to subordinate the lien of the Mortgage to any such approved 
documents);

(f) The applicable Individual Borrower delivers evidence in the form of a 
certificate executed by such Individual Borrower that such Individual 
Borrower has complied with any requirements applicable to the release in 
the Leases, reciprocal easement agreements, operating agreements, parking 
agreements or other similar agreements affecting the related Individual 
Property and that the release does not violate any of the provisions of 
such documents in any material respect and that any such release of a 
Release Parcel shall not result in any right in favor of a third party of 
offset, abatement or reduction of rent payable to such Individual Borrower 
or any right in favor of a third party of termination, cancellation or 
surrender under any
 
-56-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leases, reciprocal easement agreements or other material agreement by which 
such Individual Borrower or the related Individual Property is bound or 
encumbered and the termination, cancellation or surrender of which would 
have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on such Individual Property or 
on the applicable Individual Borrower;

(g) Borrower pays all of Lenders reasonable out-of-pocket expenses 
relating to the release of the Release Parcel;

(h) The applicable Individual Borrower shall, simultaneously with the 
release of the Release Parcel, transfer title to the Release Parcel to a 
Person(s) other than any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating 
Lessee;

(i) If the release of the Release Parcel occurs after a Securitization and 
the Loan is included in a Grantor Trust, Borrower shall deliver an opinion 
of counsel that would be acceptable to a prudent lender acting reasonably, 
prepared and delivered at Borrowers reasonable expense, stating that any 
Grantor Trust that has acquired the Loan will not fail to maintain its 
status as a Grantor Trust solely as a result of such release;

(j) Borrower pays to Lender the product of (i) one hundred and ten percent 
(110%) and (ii) the product of (A) one hundred percent (100%) of the 
difference in the value of the related Individual Property including the 
Release Parcel, and excluding the Release Parcel, as set forth in the 
appraisal obtained pursuant to Section 2.5.6(a)(iii) and (B) forty-six and 
four-tenths percent (46.4%) (the Parcel Release Price) and such 
prepayment shall be deemed a voluntary prepayment for all purposes 
hereunder and the requirements of Section 2.4 hereof shall be satisfied, 
including, without limitation the Yield Maintenance Premium if such 
prepayment is made prior to the Yield Maintenance End Date;

(k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, or in any 
other Loan Document, if the Loan is included in a REMIC Trust and the Loan 
to Value Ratio (as determined by Lender in its reasonable discretion using 
any commercially reasonable method permitted to a REMIC Trust in accordance 
with Section 1.860G-2(b)(7) of the Treasury Regulations) exceeds 125% 
immediately after the release of the applicable Release Parcel, no release 
will be permitted unless the principal balance of the Loan is paid down by 
a qualified amount as that term is defined in the IRS Revenue Procedure 
2010-30, as the same may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to 
time, unless the Lender receives an opinion of counsel that the 
Securitization will not fail to maintain its status as a REMIC Trust as a 
result of the related release of the applicable Release Parcel;

(l) After giving effect to such release, the Debt Yield for the Properties 
then remaining subject to the Lien of the Mortgages (including the 
Individual Property affected by such release, after taking into account the 
release of the Release Parcel) shall be equal to or greater than the 
Release Debt Yield;

(m) In the event that the Release Parcel encompasses more than fifteen 
percent (15%) of the hotel rooms in the applicable Individual Property or 
the Parcel Release Price with respect to such Release Parcel equals or 
exceeds the product of (i) fifteen percent (15%) and (ii) the original 
principal balance of the Loan, such release shall only be permitted if, 
following a Securitization, the applicable Approved Rating Agencies have 
provided a Rating Agency Confirmation with respect to such release of such 
Release Parcel;
 
-57-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(n) Subsequent to such release, each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee shall continue to be a Special Purpose Entity 
pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 4.1.30 and Section 5.1.28 
hereof; and

(o) If, the Release Parcel will be transferred to an Affiliate of any 
Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee, Borrower shall 
deliver an Additional Insolvency Opinion.

Upon the release of any Release Parcel in accordance with this Section 
2.5.6, the Release Amount of the related Individual Property shall be 
reduced by the component of the Parcel Release Price set forth in clause 
(ii) in the definition thereof. In connection with (or in anticipation of) 
Borrower effectuating the release of a Release Parcel, Lender agrees to 
reasonably cooperate with the applicable Individual Borrower (at Borrowers 
sole cost and expense) in filing necessary applications for condominium 
declarations, re-subdivision or other land use changes; provided, that such 
declarations, subdivisions or land use changes do not have an Individual 
Material Adverse Effect on the applicable Individual Property or the 
Individual Borrower.

Section 2.6 Cash Management.

2.6.1 Property Accounts/FF&E Concentration Account. (a) During the term of 
the Loan, an Individual Borrower or an Individual Operating Lessee, as 
applicable, shall maintain each of the following:

(i) With respect to each Individual Property, an account (each, a 
Property Account, and collectively, the Property Accounts) with the 
Property Bank which shall be held in the applicable Individual Borrowers 
or Individual Operating Lessees name, as applicable, in trust for the 
benefit of Lender, which Property Accounts shall be under the sole dominion 
and control of Lender and entitled as set forth in the applicable Property 
Account Agreement. An Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
has established or shall establish each Property Account set forth on 
Schedule 2.6.1(a)(i) hereof.

(ii) Reserved.

(iii) Reserved.

(iv) Reserved.

(v) The account (the Operating Account) set forth on Schedule 2.6.1(a)(v) 
with Operating Account Bank which shall be in the name of the applicable 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, in trust for the 
benefit of Lender, which Operating Account shall be under the sole dominion 
and control of Lender and entitled as set forth in the Operating Account 
Agreement. An Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee has 
established (or otherwise reserved an account number for) or shall
 
-58-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
establish the Operating Account set forth on Schedule 2.6.1(a)(v) hereof. 
Until the opening of the Operating Account with the Operating Account Bank, 
funds will be held in the Property Accounts and disbursed from the Property 
Accounts as if the same were the Operating Accounts and, to the extent 
funds would have otherwise been obligated to be transferred from the 
Operating Accounts to the Cash Management Accounts pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement, such transfer shall instead be made directly from the 
Property Accounts.

(vi) The account (the FF&E Concentration Account) set forth on Schedule 
2.6.1(a)(vi) with Operating Account Bank which shall be in the name of the 
applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, in trust for 
the benefit of Lender, which FF&E Concentration Account shall be under the 
sole dominion and control of Lender and entitled as set forth in the FF&E 
Concentration Account Agreement. Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee has established or shall establish the FF&E Concentration 
Account set forth on Schedule 2.6.1(a)(vi) hereof.

(b) Borrower and/or Operating Lessee has caused or shall cause the delivery 
of irrevocable written instructions to each of the credit card companies or 
credit card clearing banks with which any Individual Borrower, any 
Individual Operating Lessee or Manager has entered into merchants 
agreements to deliver all receipts payable with respect to the Properties 
directly to the applicable Property Account. Each Individual Borrower and 
each Individual Operating Lessee shall, and shall cause Manager to, deposit 
all amounts received by it or Manager constituting Rents into the 
applicable Property Account, not less frequently than once every Business 
Day during the term of the Loan.

(c) Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee, as 
applicable, each hereby grants to Lender a first priority security interest 
in (i) each Property Account and all deposits at any time contained therein 
and the proceeds thereof, (ii) the Operating Account and all deposits at 
any time contained therein and the proceeds thereof and (iii) the FF&E 
Concentration Account and all deposits at any time contained therein and 
the proceeds thereof, in each case, will take all actions necessary to 
maintain in favor of Lender a perfected first priority security interest in 
each Property Account, the Operating Account and the FF&E Concentration 
Account, including, without limitation, filing UCC-1 Financing Statements 
and continuations thereof. Lender and Servicer shall have the sole right to 
make withdrawals from each Property Account, the FF&E Concentration Account 
and the Operating Account; provided, that Lender shall instruct the 
Operating Account Bank to (A) make disbursements to each Manager, at such 
Managers request for payment of Manager Required Payments with respect to 
the applicable Individual Property, (B) disburse amounts for Property 
Account Charges to the Property Accounts and (C) disburse amounts for FF&E 
from the FF&E Concentration Account. Notwithstanding Lenders sole dominion 
and control over the Operating Account, Lender hereby agrees that it will 
exercise its rights in the Operating Account in a manner that is consistent 
with the provisions of this Agreement and shall make funds available, as 
provided herein, for Manager Required Payments. All costs and expenses for 
establishing and maintaining each Property Account, the FF&E Concentration 
Account and the Operating Account shall be paid by Borrower and/or 
Operating Lessee. All monies now or hereafter deposited into each Property 
Account, the FF&E Concentration Account and the Operating Account shall be 
deemed additional security for the Debt.
 
-59-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Reserved.

(e) Borrower has obtained from each Property Bank, its agreement to 
transfer in immediately available funds by federal wire transfer or ACH 
transfer no less frequently than on each Business Day (and more frequently 
as requested by Manager), all amounts on deposit in the Property Accounts 
less any amounts for Property Account Charges (which amounts shall be 
disbursed from time to time to Manager, at Managers request for the 
payment of Property Account Charges) to the Operating Account (other than 
the reasonable fees of the Property Bank as more particularly described in 
the applicable Property Account Agreement).

(f) Borrower, Operating Lessee, Lender, each Manager and Agent entered into 
the Cash Management Agreement, pursuant to which Lender has agreed to 
instruct Operating Account Bank to transfer to the Cash Management Account 
(other than the reasonable fees of the Operating Account Bank as more 
particularly described in the Operating Account Agreement), in immediately 
available funds by federal wire transfer or ACH transfer, all amounts on 
deposit in the Operating Account not otherwise disbursed to, or at the 
direction of, Manager for payment of Manager Required Payments which exceed 
the Working Capital Peg Balance, not less frequently than on each Payment 
Date throughout the term of the Loan.

(g) Reserved.

(h) Subject to Priority Waterfall Payments made pursuant to Section 3.4 of 
the Cash Management Agreement and Section 2.6.2(e) hereof, upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may, 
in addition to any and all other rights and remedies available to Lender, 
apply any sums then present in the Cash Management Account to the payment 
of the Debt in any order in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of 
Section 7.10 of this Agreement.

(i) Each Property Account, the FF&E Concentration Account, the Operating 
Account and the Cash Management Account shall be an Eligible Account and 
shall not be commingled with other monies held by any Individual Borrower, 
any Individual Operating Lessee, Manager, Property Bank, Agent, Operating 
Account Bank or FF&E Concentration Bank, as applicable; provided that the 
monies of any Individual Borrower and/or any Individual Operating Lessee 
held in such accounts may be commingled with the monies of the other 
Individual Borrower(s) or the other Individual Operating Lessee(s) in such 
accounts.

(j) No Individual Operating Lessee or Individual Borrower shall further 
pledge, assign or grant any security interest in any Property Accounts, the 
FF&E Concentration Account, the Operating Account or the Cash Management 
Account or the monies deposited therein or permit any lien or encumbrance 
to attach thereto, or any levy to be made thereon, or any UCC-1 Financing 
Statements, except those naming Lender as the secured party, to be filed 
with respect thereto.

(k) Borrower shall indemnify Lender and hold Lender harmless from and 
against any and all actions, suits, claims, demands, liabilities, losses, 
damages, obligations and costs and expenses (including litigation costs and 
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) arising from or in any way 
connected with any Property Account and/or each Property Account Agreement 
or with the Operating Account and/or the Operating Account Agreement 
(unless arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Lender), 
the FF&E Concentration Account and/the applicable FF&E Concentration 
Account Agreement Account or the performance of the obligations for which 
the Property Accounts, the FF&E Concentration Account or the Operating 
Account were established.
 
-60-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.6.2 Cash Management Account.

(a) An Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall establish 
and maintain a segregated Eligible Account (the Cash Management Account) 
to be held by Agent in trust and for the benefit of Lender, which Cash 
Management Account shall be under the sole dominion and control of Lender. 
The Cash Management Account shall be entitled as set forth in the Cash 
Management Agreement. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual 
Operating Lessee hereby grants to Lender a first priority security interest 
in the Cash Management Account and all deposits at any time contained 
therein and the proceeds thereof and will take all actions necessary to 
maintain in favor of Lender a perfected first priority security interest in 
the Cash Management Account, including, without limitation, filing UCC-1 
Financing Statements and continuations thereof. No Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee will in any way alter or modify the Cash 
Management Account, and Borrower will notify Lender of the account number 
thereof. Lender and Servicer shall have the sole right to make withdrawals 
from the Cash Management Account and all costs and expenses for 
establishing and maintaining the Cash Management Account shall be paid by 
Borrower.

(b) The insufficiency of funds on deposit in the Cash Management Account 
shall not relieve Borrower from the obligation to make any payments, as and 
when due pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such 
obligations shall be separate and independent, and not conditioned on any 
event or circumstance whatsoever.

(c) All funds on deposit in the Cash Management Account following the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default may be applied 
by Lender pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document in such order and 
priority as Lender shall determine, subject to the terms of Sections 
2.6.2(e) and 7.10 of this Agreement and subject to payment of Priority 
Waterfall Payments.

(d) Borrower hereby agrees that Lender may modify the Cash Management 
Agreement for the purpose of establishing additional sub-accounts in 
connection with any payments otherwise required under this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents and Lender shall provide prior written notice 
thereof to Borrower and Operating Lessee no less than five (5) Business 
Days prior to such modification.

(e) Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in the other Loan 
Documents to the contrary, Lender agrees that, notwithstanding the 
existence of an Event of Default, Lender shall at all times (i) instruct 
Property Banks to transfer to the Operating Account (other than reasonable 
fees of the Property Bank as more particularly described in the applicable 
Property Account Agreement) in immediately available funds by federal wire 
transfer or ACH transfer all amounts on deposit in each Property Account 
not less than once every Business Day, (ii) instruct Operating Account Bank 
to (A) permit each Manager (without further notice or
 
-61-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
direction required from Lender) to access and draw upon the Operating 
Account for the payment of Manager Required Payments and to maintain 
amounts in the Operating Account equal to the then applicable Working 
Capital Peg Balance, (B) disburse funds from the Operating Account to the 
FF&E Concentration Account in the amount of the Replacement Reserve Monthly 
Deposit and (C) transfer to the Cash Management Account, on each Payment 
Date, all amounts on deposit in the Operating Account not otherwise 
disbursed in accordance with the foregoing clauses (A) and (B) and (iii) 
during a Cash Trap Period instruct Agent to apply amounts on deposit in the 
Cash Management Account to payment of the Priority Waterfall Payments. 
During a Cash Trap Period, any amounts remaining in the Cash Management 
Account after payment of the Priority Waterfall Payments shall be deposited 
in the Excess Cash Flow Reserve Account on each Payment Date and applied in 
accordance with Section 7.5 hereof. Notwithstanding the existence of an 
Event of Default or any remedies that are undertaken by Lender in 
connection with an Event of Default (including any foreclosure action), 
Lender shall not have any right to apply any funds on deposit in the 
Operating Account to the Debt (or direct the Operating Account Bank to 
deliver any such funds to Lender, including any transfer of the same to the 
Cash Management Account, other than as expressly provided in this 
Agreement), provided that the foregoing shall not otherwise affect Lenders 
right to apply funds that are properly transferred to the Cash Management 
Account to the Debt in accordance with Section 2.6.1(h). If no Debt Yield 
Trigger Period is then continuing, all amounts on deposit in the Cash 
Management Account shall be disbursed to Operating Lessee on the Business 
Day immediately following the deposit thereof.

2.6.3 Payments Received Under the Cash Management Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or the 
other Loan Documents, and provided no Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, Borrowers obligations with respect to the payment of the 
Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount and amounts required to be deposited 
into the Reserve Accounts, if any, shall be deemed satisfied to the extent 
sufficient amounts are deposited in the Cash Management Account to satisfy 
such obligations pursuant to this Agreement and the Cash Management 
Agreement on the dates each such payment is required, regardless of whether 
any of such amounts are so applied by Lender.

Section 2.7 Withholding Taxes.

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any 
obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without 
deduction or withholding for any Section 2.7 Taxes, except as required by 
applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith 
discretion of Borrower) requires the deduction or withholding of any 
Section 2.7 Tax from any such payment by or on account of any obligation of 
Borrower, then Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or 
withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to 
the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, 
if such Section 2.7 Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by 
Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or 
withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings 
applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.7) the Lender or 
Servicer (as applicable) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have 
received had no such deduction or withholding been made. For the purposes 
of this Section 2.7, the term applicable law shall include FATCA.
 
-62-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Payment of Other Taxes by Borrower. Borrower shall timely pay to the 
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law any Other 
Taxes.

(c) Indemnification by Borrower. Borrower shall indemnify Lender and any 
Servicer, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount 
of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted 
on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid 
by such Lender or Servicer or required to be withheld or deducted from a 
payment to such Lender or Servicer and any reasonable expenses arising 
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes 
were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental 
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability 
delivered to Borrower by a Lender or the Servicer (either for its own 
account or for the account of a Lender) shall be conclusive absent manifest 
error.

(d) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of 
Section 2.7 Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this 
Section 2.7, Borrower shall deliver to the Lender or any Servicer the 
original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental 
Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such 
payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the 
Lender or any Servicer.

(e) Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from 
or reduction of withholding Section 2.7 Tax with respect to payments made 
under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and any Servicer, at the 
time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or the Servicer (as 
applicable), such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably 
requested by Borrower or the Servicer (as applicable) as will permit such 
payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of 
withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower, 
shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or 
reasonably requested by Borrower or any Servicer as will enable Borrower or 
the Servicer (as applicable) to determine whether or not such Lender is 
subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, 
the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than 
such documentation set forth in Section 2.7(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) 
below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such 
completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any 
material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the 
legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and any 
Servicer on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender 
under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable 
request of Borrower or the Servicer (as applicable)), executed copies of 
IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup 
withholding tax;

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do 
so, deliver to Borrower and any Servicer (in such number of copies as shall 
be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such 
Foreign Lender
 
-63-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter 
upon the reasonable request of Borrower or the Servicer (as applicable)), 
whichever of the following is applicable:

(1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax 
treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments 
of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or 
IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or 
reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Section 2.7 Tax pursuant to the 
interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other 
applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form 
W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, 
U.S. federal withholding Section 2.7 Tax pursuant to the business profits 
or other income article of such tax treaty;

(2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption 
for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate 
substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 to the effect that such Foreign 
Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the 
Code, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 
881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described 
in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) 
and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as 
applicable); or

(4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is a partnership or is not the 
beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS 
Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable), a U.S. 
Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 or 
Exhibit A-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each 
beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a 
partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign 
Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender 
may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit A 4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do 
so, deliver to Borrower and any Servicer (in such number of copies as shall 
be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such 
Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time 
thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or the Servicer (as 
applicable)), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable 
law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal 
withholding Section 2.7 Tax, duly completed, together with such 
supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to 
permit Borrower or the Servicer (as applicable) to determine the 
withholding or deduction required to be made; and
 
-64-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding Section 2.7 Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender 
were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA 
(including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as 
applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and any Servicer at the 
time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably 
requested by Borrower or the Servicer (as applicable) such documentation 
prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 
1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably 
requested by Borrower or the Servicer (as applicable) as may be necessary 
for Borrower or the Servicer (as applicable) to comply with their 
obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with 
such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct 
and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), 
FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this 
Agreement.

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously 
delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it 
shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower in 
writing of its legal inability to do so. If a Servicer is appointed 
pursuant to Section 9.5, such Servicer shall be subject to the requirements 
of this Section 2.7(e) as if it were a Lender.

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole 
discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any 
Section 2.7 Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this 
Section 2.7 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to 
this Section 2.7), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal 
to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under 
this Section with respect to the Section 2.7 Taxes giving rise to such 
refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Section 2.7 Taxes) of 
such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid 
by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such 
indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay 
to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph 
(f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant 
Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is 
required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event 
will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying 
party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the 
indemnified party in a less favorable net after-tax position than the 
indemnified party would have been in if the Section 2.7 Tax subject to 
indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, 
withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or 
additional amounts with respect to such Section 2.7 Tax had never been 
paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified 
party to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating 
to its Section 2.7 Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying 
party or any other Person.
 
-65-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 2.7 shall survive 
any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Servicer 
and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any 
Loan Document.

(h) Lender hereby agrees that, upon the occurrence of any circumstances 
entitling Lender to additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.7, Lender 
shall use reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal policy and legal 
and regulatory restrictions) to designate a different applicable lending 
office for the receipt of payments with respect to, or the funding or 
booking of, its Loan hereunder, if, in the reasonable judgment of such 
Lender, such designation (i) would eliminate or reduce such additional 
amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.7 in the future, and (ii) would not 
subject such lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not 
otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. Borrower hereby agrees to pay 
all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with 
such designation.

Section 2.8 Defeasance.

2.8.1 Voluntary Defeasance.

(a) Provided no Event of Default shall then exist, Borrower shall have the 
right, on any Payment Date occurring at any time after the Permitted 
Release Date and prior to the Yield Maintenance End Date, to voluntarily 
defease all, but not part, of the then remaining principal balance of the 
Loan by and upon satisfaction of the following conditions (such event being 
a Defeasance Event):

(i) Borrower shall provide not less than thirty (30) days prior written 
notice to Lender specifying the Payment Date (the Defeasance Date) on 
which the Defeasance Event is to occur;

(ii) Borrower shall pay to Lender all accrued and unpaid interest on the 
principal balance of the Loan to and including the Defeasance Date. If 
Lender agrees to accept a Defeasance Date that is not a Payment Date 
notwithstanding the requirement in this Section 2.8.1(a) that a Defeasance 
Event occur on a Payment Date, Borrower shall also pay interest that would 
have accrued on the Note through and including the next Payment Date, 
provided, however, if the Defeasance Deposit shall include (or if the U.S. 
Obligations purchased with such Defeasance Deposit shall provide for 
payment of) all principal and interest computed from the Payment Date prior 
to the Defeasance Date through the next succeeding Payment Date, Borrower 
shall not be required to pay such short term interest pursuant to this 
sentence;

(iii) Borrower shall pay to Lender all other sums, not including scheduled 
interest or principal payments, then due under the Note, this Agreement, 
the Mortgages and the other Loan Documents;

(iv) Borrower shall pay to Lender the required Defeasance Deposit for the 
Defeasance Event;

(v) Borrower shall execute and deliver a pledge and security agreement, in 
form and substance that would be reasonably satisfactory to a prudent 
lender creating a
 
-66-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
first priority lien on the Defeasance Deposit and the U.S. Obligations 
purchased with the Defeasance Deposit in accordance with the provisions of 
this Section 2.8.1 (the Security Agreement);

(vi) Borrower shall deliver an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory 
to Lender that is standard in commercial lending transactions and subject 
only to customary qualifications, assumptions and exceptions opining, among 
other things, that Borrower has legally and validly transferred and 
assigned the U.S. Obligations and all obligations, rights and duties under 
and to the Note to the Successor Borrower, that Lender has a perfected 
first priority security interest in the Defeasance Deposit and the U.S. 
Obligations delivered by Borrower and that any REMIC Trust formed pursuant 
to a Securitization will not fail to maintain its status as a real estate 
mortgage investment conduit within the meaning of Section 860D of the Code 
as a result of such Defeasance Event;

(vii) Borrower shall deliver a Rating Agency Confirmation, and, if required 
by the applicable Approved Rating Agencies, Borrower shall also deliver or 
cause to be delivered an Additional Insolvency Opinion with respect to the 
Successor Borrower;

(viii) Borrower shall deliver an Officers Certificate certifying that the 
requirements set forth in this Section 2.8.1(a) have been satisfied;

(ix) Borrower shall deliver a certificate of Borrowers independent 
certified public accountant or another national recognized accounting firm 
acceptable to Lender in its reasonable discretion, certifying that the U.S. 
Obligations purchased with the Defeasance Deposit generate monthly amounts 
equal to or greater than the Scheduled Defeasance Payments;

(x) Borrower shall deliver such other certificates, documents or 
instruments as Lender may reasonably request; and

(xi) Borrower shall pay all reasonable, actual out-of-pocket costs and 
expenses of Lender incurred in connection with the Defeasance Event, 
including (A) any costs and expenses associated with a release of the Lien 
of the Mortgage(s) as provided in Section 2.5.1 hereof, (B) reasonable 
attorneys fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Defeasance 
Event, (C) the costs and expenses of the Approved Rating Agencies, (D) any 
revenue, documentary stamp or intangible taxes or any other tax or charge 
due in connection with the transfer of the Note, or otherwise required to 
accomplish the defeasance and (E) the costs and expenses of Servicer and 
any trustee, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.

(b) In connection with the Defeasance Event, Lender shall, at Borrowers 
direction, use the Defeasance Deposit on behalf of Borrower (and Borrower 
authorizes Lender to so use the Defeasance Deposit) to purchase U.S. 
Obligations which provide payments on or prior to, but as close as possible 
to, all successive scheduled Payment Dates after the Defeasance Date upon 
which interest and, if applicable, principal payments are required under 
this Agreement and the Note, and in amounts equal to or more than the 
scheduled payments due on such Payment
 
-67-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dates under this Agreement and the Note (including, without limitation, 
scheduled payments of interest, servicing fees (if any), and any other 
amounts due under the Loan Documents on such Payment Dates) and assuming 
the outstanding principal balance of the Note is prepaid in full on the 
Yield Maintenance End Date (the Scheduled Defeasance Payments). Borrower, 
pursuant to the Security Agreement or other appropriate document, shall 
authorize and direct that the payments received from the U.S. Obligations 
shall be made directly to the Cash Management Account (unless otherwise 
directed by Lender) and applied to satisfy the Debt Service obligations of 
Borrower under this Agreement and the Note. Any portion of the Defeasance 
Deposit in excess of the amount necessary to purchase the U.S. Obligations 
required by this Section 2.8.1 and satisfy Borrowers other obligations 
under this Section 2.8.1 shall be remitted to Borrower.

2.8.2 Collateral. Each of the U.S. Obligations that are part of the 
defeasance collateral shall be duly endorsed by the holder thereof as 
directed by Lender or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in 
form and substance that would be satisfactory to a prudent lender 
(including, without limitation, such instruments as may be required by the 
depository institution holding such securities or by the issuer thereof, as 
the case may be, to effectuate book-entry transfers and pledges through the 
book-entry facilities of such institution) in order to perfect upon the 
delivery of the defeasance collateral a first priority security interest 
therein in favor of Lender in conformity with all applicable state and 
federal laws governing the granting of such security interests.

2.8.3 Successor Borrower. In connection with any Defeasance Event, Borrower 
shall establish or designate a successor entity (the Successor Borrower) 
acceptable to Lender in its reasonable discretion, which shall be a Special 
Purpose Entity, which shall not own any other assets or have any other 
liabilities or operate other property (except in connection with other 
defeased loans held in the same securitized loan pool with the Loan). 
Borrower shall transfer and assign all obligations, rights and duties under 
and to the Note, together with the pledged U.S. Obligations to such 
Successor Borrower. Such Successor Borrower shall assume the obligations 
under the Note and the Security Agreement and Borrower shall be relieved of 
its obligations under such documents. Borrower shall pay $1,000 to any such 
Successor Borrower as consideration for assuming the obligations under the 
Note and the Security Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement 
to the contrary, no other assumption fee shall be payable upon a transfer 
of the Note in accordance with this Section 2.8.3.


ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 3.1 Conditions Precedent to Closing. The obligation of Lender to 
make the Loan hereunder is subject to the fulfillment by Borrower or waiver 
by Lender of all of the conditions precedent to closing set forth in the 
application or term sheet for the Loan delivered by Borrower to Lender and 
the commitment or commitment rider, if any, to the application or term 
sheet for the Loan issued by Lender, and each such condition precedent 
shall be deemed to have been so satisfied or waived upon the making of the 
Loan by Lender to Borrower.
 
-68-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 4.1 Borrower Representations. Each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee, where applicable, represents and warrants as 
of the Closing Date that:

4.1.1 Organization. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating 
Lessee has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing 
with requisite power and authority to own or lease (as applicable) the 
applicable Individual Property and to transact the businesses in which it 
is now engaged. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating 
Lessee is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each 
jurisdiction where it is required to be so qualified in connection with its 
businesses and operations. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual 
Operating Lessee possesses all rights, licenses, permits and 
authorizations, governmental or otherwise, necessary to entitle it to own 
the applicable Individual Property and to transact the businesses in which 
it is now engaged, other than to the extent the failure to do so does not 
result, and is not reasonably likely to result, in an Individual Material 
Adverse Effect on any Individual Property or any Individual Borrower. The 
sole business of each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating 
Lessee is the ownership or leasing (as applicable), management and 
operation of the applicable Individual Property. The ownership interests in 
Borrower and Operating Lessee are as set forth on the organizational chart 
attached hereto as Schedule 4.1.1.

4.1.2 Proceedings. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating 
Lessee has taken all necessary action to authorize its execution, delivery 
and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it 
is a party. This Agreement and such other applicable Loan Documents have 
been duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of each Individual 
Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee and constitute legal, valid 
and binding obligations of each such Individual Borrower and each such 
Individual Operating Lessee, enforceable against each such Individual 
Borrower and each such Individual Operating Lessee in accordance with their 
respective terms, subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and 
similar laws affecting rights of creditors generally, and subject, as to 
enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether 
enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).

4.1.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement and the other applicable Loan Documents by each Individual 
Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee will not conflict with or 
result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a 
default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge 
or encumbrance (other than pursuant to the Loan Documents) upon any of the 
property or assets of any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating 
Lessee pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, 
loan agreement, partnership agreement, management agreement or other 
agreement or instrument to which any Individual Borrower or any Individual 
Operating Lessee is a party or by which any of any Individual Borrowers or 
any Individual Operating Lessees property or assets are subject (unless 
consents from all applicable parties thereto have been obtained), nor will 
such action, to Borrowers knowledge, result in any
 
-69-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
violation of the provisions of any statute or any order, rule or regulation 
of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any Individual 
Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee or any of any Individual 
Borrowers or any Individual Operating Lessees properties or assets, and 
any consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification 
of or with any court or any such Governmental Authority required for the 
execution, delivery and performance by any Individual Borrower or any 
Individual Operating Lessee of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents 
has been obtained and is in full force and effect.

4.1.4 Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.1.4 attached hereto, 
there are no actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity by or before 
any Governmental Authority or other agency now pending or to Borrowers 
knowledge, threatened against or affecting any Individual Borrower, any 
Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal or any Individual Property, 
which actions, suits or proceedings, if determined against such Individual 
Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee, Principal or Individual Property, 
would reasonably be expected to have an Aggregate Material Adverse Effect.

4.1.5 Agreements. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is 
a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any restriction which 
has, or would reasonably be expected to have, an Individual Material 
Adverse Effect on any Individual Property or any Individual Borrower or an 
Aggregate Material Adverse Effect. No Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee is in default in any material respect in the performance, 
observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or 
conditions contained in any material agreement or instrument to which it is 
a party or by which such Individual Borrower, such Individual Operating 
Lessee or any Individual Property is bound. No Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee has any material financial obligation under any 
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or 
instrument to which such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
is a party or by which such Individual Borrower, such Individual Operating 
Lessee or any Individual Property is otherwise bound, other than (a) 
obligations incurred in the ordinary course of the operation of the 
Properties as permitted pursuant to clause (xxiii) of the definition of 
Special Purpose Entity set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, (b) obligations 
under the Loan Documents and (c) Permitted Encumbrances.

4.1.6 Title. Each Individual Borrower has good, marketable and insurable 
title to the real property comprising part of the applicable Individual 
Property and good title to the personal property and Improvements that 
constitute the balance of such Individual Property, free and clear of all 
Liens whatsoever except the Permitted Encumbrances, such other Liens as are 
permitted pursuant to the Loan Documents and the Liens created by the Loan 
Documents. As of the Operating Lease Effective Date, each Operating Lessee 
will have good and marketable title to the leasehold interest with respect 
the real property comprising part of the applicable Individual Property and 
good title to the personal property and Improvements that constitute the 
balance of such Individual Property and that are not otherwise owned by the 
corresponding Individual Borrower. The Permitted Encumbrances, in the 
aggregate, do not have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the 
Individual Property affected thereby or an Aggregate Material Adverse 
Effect. Each Mortgage, when properly recorded in the appropriate records, 
together with any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements required to 
be filed in connection therewith, will create (a) a valid, perfected first 
priority lien on the each Individual Borrowers and Individual Operating 
Lessees respective interests in the applicable Individual Property,
 
-70-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
subject only to Permitted Encumbrances and the Liens created by the Loan 
Documents and (b) perfected security interests in and to, and perfected 
collateral assignments of, all personalty (including the Leases), to the 
extent a security interest may be perfected therein by the recording of the 
applicable Mortgage or the filing of financing statements under the Uniform 
Commercial Code, all in accordance with the terms thereof, in each case 
subject only to any applicable Permitted Encumbrances, such other Liens as 
are permitted pursuant to the Loan Documents and the Liens created by the 
Loan Documents. To Borrowers knowledge, there are no claims for payment 
for work, labor or materials affecting the Properties which are a Lien 
prior to, or of equal priority with, the Liens created by the Loan 
Documents and as to which Lender has not otherwise received affirmative 
insurance in the applicable Title Insurance Policy (in form and substance 
satisfactory to Lender in all respects).

4.1.7 Solvency. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee has 
entered into this transaction or executed this Agreement or any other 
applicable Loan Document with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud 
any creditor and each Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee 
has received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for its obligations 
under such Loan Documents. After giving effect to the Loan, the fair 
saleable value of the assets of each Individual Borrower and the 
corresponding Individual Operating Lessee, in the aggregate exceed and 
will, immediately following the making of the Loan, exceed the total 
liabilities of such Individual Borrower and corresponding Individual 
Operating Lessee, in the aggregate, including, without limitation, 
subordinated, unliquidated, disputed and contingent liabilities. The fair 
saleable value of the assets of each Individual Borrower and the 
corresponding Individual Operating Lessee is and will, immediately 
following the making of the Loan, be greater than the probable liabilities 
of such Individual Borrower and corresponding Operating Lessee, in the 
aggregate, including the maximum amount of its contingent liabilities on 
its debts as such debts become absolute and matured. The assets of each 
Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee do not and, 
immediately following the making of the Loan will not, constitute 
unreasonably small capital to carry out its business as conducted or as 
proposed to be conducted. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee intends to, nor does it believe that it will, incur debt and 
liabilities (including contingent liabilities and other commitments) beyond 
its ability to pay such debt and liabilities as they mature (taking into 
account the timing and amounts of cash to be received by such Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee and the amounts to be payable on or 
in respect of obligations of such Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee). No petition in bankruptcy has been filed against any 
Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or any of their 
respective constituent Persons in the last seven (7) years, and none of any 
Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or any constituent 
Person in the last seven (7) years has ever made an assignment for the 
benefit of creditors or taken advantage of any insolvency act for the 
benefit of debtors. None of any Individual Borrower, any Individual 
Operating Lessee, or any of their respective constituent Persons are 
contemplating either the filing of a petition by it under any state or 
federal bankruptcy or insolvency laws or the liquidation of all or a major 
portion of such Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees 
assets or property, and Borrower has no knowledge of any Person 
contemplating the filing of any such petition against any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or such constituent Persons.

4.1.8 Full and Accurate Disclosure. No statement of fact made by any 
Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee in this Agreement or 
in any of the other
 
-71-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loan Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to 
state any material fact necessary to make statements contained herein or 
therein not misleading. There is no material fact presently known to any 
Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee which has not been 
disclosed to Lender which has, nor as far as Borrower can reasonably 
foresee, would be reasonably likely to have, an Individual Material Adverse 
Effect on any Individual Property or any Individual Borrower or an 
Aggregate Material Adverse Effect.

4.1.9 No Plan Assets. As of the date of this Agreement, none of any 
Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or Guarantor is an 
employee benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or 
not subject to Title I of ERISA, and none of the respective assets of any 
Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or Guarantor 
constitute or will constitute plan assets of any benefit plan investor 
within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as modified by Section 
3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset Regulations). Except as could not 
reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on any 
Individual Property or any Individual Borrower or an Aggregate Material 
Adverse Effect, none of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating 
Lessee, Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate is obligated to contribute to any 
employee benefit plan (as so defined) subject to Title IV of ERISA. 
Transactions contemplated hereunder by or with any Individual Borrower, any 
Individual Operating Lessee or Guarantor are not subject to any state or 
other statute or regulation with respect to governmental plans within the 
meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA which are substantially similar to the 
prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 
of the Code currently in effect and which prohibit the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, including, but not limited to the exercise 
by Lender of any of its rights under the Loan Documents. No ERISA Event has 
occurred and to Borrowers knowledge no ERISA Event is reasonably likely to 
occur.

4.1.10 Compliance. Each Individual Borrower, each Individual Operating 
Lessee and each Individual Property and the use thereof comply in all 
material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements, including, 
without limitation, building and zoning ordinances and codes. No Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is in default or violation of any 
order, writ, injunction, decree or demand of any Governmental Authority. 
There has not been committed by any Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee or to the best of Borrowers knowledge, any other Person 
in occupancy of or involved with the operation or use of an Individual 
Property any act or omission affording the federal government or any other 
Governmental Authority the right of forfeiture as against such Individual 
Property or any part thereof or any monies paid in performance of 
Borrowers obligations under any of the Loan Documents.

4.1.11 Financial Information. All financial data, including, without 
limitation, the statements of cash flow and income and operating expense, 
that have been delivered to Lender in connection with the Loan (i) are 
true, complete and correct in all material respects (or to the extent that 
any such financial data was incorrect in any material respect when 
delivered, the same have been corrected by financial data subsequently 
delivered to Lender prior to the Closing Date in writing and containing an 
express reference to any and all such concerns), (ii) fairly represent the 
financial condition of each Individual Borrower, each Individual Operating 
Lessee and each Individual Property, as applicable, as of the date of such 
reports, and (iii) to the extent prepared or audited by an independent 
certified public accounting firm, have been
 
-72-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
prepared in accordance with GAAP, as interpreted by the Uniform System of 
Accounts, throughout the periods covered, except as disclosed therein. The 
foregoing representation shall not apply to any such financial data that 
constitutes projections, provided that Borrower represents and warrants 
that such projections were made in good faith and that Borrower has no 
reason to believe that such projections are materially inaccurate. Except 
for Permitted Encumbrances, no Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee has contingent liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual forward 
or long term commitments or unrealized or anticipated losses from any 
unfavorable commitments that are known to Borrower and are reasonably 
likely to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on any Individual 
Property or any Individual Borrower, except as referred to or reflected in 
said financial statements. Since the date of such financial statements, 
there has been no materially adverse change in the financial condition, 
operations or business of any Individual Borrower from that set forth in 
said financial statements.

4.1.12 Condemnation. No Condemnation or other similar proceeding has been 
commenced or, to the best of Borrowers knowledge, is threatened or 
contemplated with respect to all or any portion of any Individual Property 
or for the relocation of roadways providing access to any Individual 
Property, other than to the extent the same would not reasonably be 
expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the Individual 
Property affected thereby.

4.1.13 Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of the Loan 
will be used for the purpose of purchasing or acquiring any margin stock 
within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System or for any other purpose which would be inconsistent with 
such Regulation U or any other Regulations of such Board of Governors, or 
for any purposes prohibited by Legal Requirements or by the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.

4.1.14 Utilities and Public Access. Except as set forth in the related 
Title Insurance Policy or except to the extent that there is no Individual 
Material Adverse Effect on the affected Individual Property, (i) each 
Individual Property has rights of access to public ways and is served by 
water, sewer, sanitary sewer and storm drain facilities adequate to service 
such Individual Property for its intended uses; (ii) all public utilities 
necessary or convenient to the full use and enjoyment of each Individual 
Property are located either in the public right of way abutting such 
Individual Property (which are connected so as to serve such Individual 
Property without passing over other property) or in recorded easements 
serving such Individual Property and such easements are set forth in and 
insured by the applicable Title Insurance Policy; and (iii) all roads 
necessary for the use of each Individual Property for its current purposes 
have been completed and dedicated to public use and accepted by all 
Governmental Authorities.

4.1.15 Not a Foreign Person. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee (or if such entity is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, such entitys beneficial owner) is a foreign person within 
the meaning of § 1445(f)(3) of the Code.

4.1.16 Separate Lots. Except as set forth in the applicable Title Insurance 
Policy, each Individual Property is comprised of one (1) or more parcels 
which constitute a separate tax lot or lots and does not constitute a 
portion of any other tax lot not a part of such Individual Property.
 
-73-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.1.17 Assessments. Except as set forth in the applicable Title Insurance 
Policy, to Borrowers knowledge, there are no pending or proposed special 
or other assessments for public improvements or otherwise affecting any 
Individual Property, nor are there any contemplated improvements to any 
Individual Property that may result in such special or other assessments.

4.1.18 Enforceability. The Loan Documents are enforceable by Lender (or any 
subsequent holder thereof) in accordance with their respective terms, 
subject to principles of equity and bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws 
generally applicable to creditors rights and the enforcement of debtors 
obligations. The Loan Documents are not subject to any right of rescission, 
set off, counterclaim or defense by any Individual Borrower, any Individual 
Operating Lessee or Guarantor, including the defense of usury, nor would 
the operation of any of the terms of the Loan Documents, or the exercise of 
any right thereunder, render the Loan Documents unenforceable (subject to 
principles of equity and bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws generally 
affecting creditors rights and the enforcement of debtors obligations), 
and none of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or 
Guarantor has asserted any right of rescission, set off, counterclaim or 
defense with respect thereto.

4.1.19 No Prior Assignment. There are no prior assignments of the Leases or 
any portion of the Rents due and payable or to become due and payable which 
are presently outstanding.

4.1.20 Insurance. Borrower has obtained and has delivered to Lender 
certified copies of, or certificates with respect to, the Policies 
reflecting the insurance coverages, amounts and other requirements set 
forth in this Agreement. No claims have been made or are currently pending, 
outstanding or otherwise remain unsatisfied under any such Policy and would 
reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on any 
Individual Property or any Individual Borrower, and none of any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or any other Person, has done, by 
act or omission, anything which would impair the coverage of any such 
Policy.

4.1.21 Use of Property. Each Individual Property is used exclusively for 
hotel and other appurtenant and related uses.

4.1.22 Certificate of Occupancy; Licenses. All certifications, permits, 
licenses and approvals, including without limitation, certificates of 
completion and occupancy permits and any applicable liquor license required 
for the legal use, occupancy and operation of each Individual Property as a 
hotel (collectively, the Licenses), have been obtained and are in full 
force and effect, except for where the failure to obtain such licenses or 
for such licenses to not be in full force and effect does not have an 
Individual Material Adverse Effect. An Individual Borrower, an Individual 
Operating Lessee or Manager (as applicable) shall keep and maintain all 
Licenses necessary for the operation of each Individual Property as a 
hotel, except to the extent the failure to have such licenses would not 
reasonably be expected to result in an Individual Material Adverse Effect 
on the applicable Individual Property or the applicable Individual 
Borrower. The use being made of each Individual Property is in conformity 
in all material respects with the certificate of occupancy, if any, issued 
for such Individual Property.
 
-74-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.1.23 Flood Zone. Except as set forth in the Surveys or the flood 
determinations obtained by Lender, none of the Improvements on any 
Individual Property are located in an area as identified by the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency as an area having special flood hazards and, if 
so located, the flood insurance required pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(i) is 
in full force and effect with respect to each such Individual Property.

4.1.24 Physical Condition. Except if the same do not, in the aggregate in 
respect of the Individual Property affected thereby, have an Individual 
Material Adverse Effect on such Individual Property or such Individual 
Borrower, and except as disclosed in the Property Reports, to Borrowers 
knowledge, (i) each Individual Property, including, without limitation, all 
buildings, improvements, parking facilities, sidewalks, storm drainage 
systems, roofs, plumbing systems, HVAC systems, fire protection systems, 
electrical systems, equipment, elevators, exterior sidings and doors, 
landscaping, irrigation systems and all structural components thereon, are 
in good condition, order and repair in all material respects; and (ii) 
there exists no structural or other material defects or damages in any 
Individual Property, whether latent or otherwise, and no Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee has received notice from any 
insurance company or bonding company of any defects or inadequacies in any 
Individual Property, or any part thereof, which have not been remedied 
prior to the Closing Date and would adversely affect the insurability of 
the same or cause the imposition of extraordinary premiums or charges 
thereon or of any termination or threatened termination of any policy of 
insurance or bond.

4.1.25 Boundaries. Except as set forth in the Surveys, all of the 
improvements which were included in determining the appraised value of any 
Individual Property lie wholly within the boundaries and building 
restriction lines of such Individual Property, and no improvements on 
adjoining properties encroach upon any Individual Property, and no 
easements or other encumbrances upon any Individual Property encroach upon 
any of the Improvements, in each case, so as to result in an Individual 
Material Adverse Effect on such Individual Property or such Individual 
Borrower, except those which are insured against by the applicable Title 
Insurance Policy.

4.1.26 Leases. To Borrowers knowledge, no Individual Property is subject 
to any Material Lease other than the Material Lease(s) described on 
Schedule 5.1.21 attached hereto and made a part hereof and, to Borrowers 
knowledge, each rent roll with respect to an Individual Property attached 
hereto as Schedule 4.1.26 is true, complete and accurate in all material 
respects as of the Closing Date. Each Individual Borrower or the 
corresponding Individual Operating Lessee is the owner and lessor of 
landlords interest in the Leases with respect to the applicable Individual 
Property. To Borrowers knowledge, (i) with the exception of hotel guests 
and patrons, no Person has any possessory interest in any Individual 
Property or right to occupy the same except under and pursuant to the 
provisions of the Leases, (ii) the current Material Leases are in full 
force and effect and Borrower has not received or delivered written notice 
that either party is in default under a Material Lease except for (A) 
defaults which have been cured and (B) defaults that do not, in the 
aggregate for any Individual Property, have an Individual Material Adverse 
Effect on such Individual Property or such Individual Borrower. No Rent has 
been paid more than one (1) month in advance of its due date (except with 
respect to provision of rooms and banquet and meeting space and services in 
the ordinary course of business). All work to be performed by the 
applicable Individual Borrower under each Material Lease has been performed 
as required in all material respects and has been accepted by the
 
-75-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
applicable Tenant, and any payments, free rent, partial rent, rebate of 
rent or other payments, credits, allowances or abatements required to be 
given by the applicable Individual Borrower to any Tenant has already been 
received by such Tenant. To Borrowers knowledge, except as described on 
Schedule 4.1.26, no Tenant under a Material Lease has assigned its Lease or 
sublet all or any portion of the premises demised thereby, no such Tenant 
holds its leased premises under assignment or sublease, nor does anyone 
except such Tenant and its employees occupy such leased premises. No Tenant 
under any Lease has a right or option pursuant to such Lease or otherwise 
to purchase all or any part of the leased premises or the building of which 
the leased premises are a part and no tenant under any Lease has any right 
or option for additional space in the Improvements.

4.1.27 Survey. To Borrowers knowledge, the Survey for each Individual 
Property delivered to Lender in connection with this Agreement does not 
fail to reflect any material matter affecting such Individual Property or 
the title thereto.

4.1.28 Inventory. Each Individual Borrower (and/or the applicable Operating 
Lessee, on and following the Operating Lease Effective Date) is the owner 
of all of the Equipment, Fixtures and Personal Property located on or at 
the applicable Individual Property. All of the Equipment, Fixtures and 
Personal Property located at a particular Individual Property are 
sufficient to operate such Individual Property in the manner required 
hereunder and in the manner in which the same is currently operated.

4.1.29 Filing and Recording Taxes. All mortgage, mortgage recording, stamp, 
intangible or other similar tax required to be paid by any Person under 
applicable Legal Requirements currently in effect in connection with the 
execution, delivery, recordation, filing, registration, perfection or 
enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, 
the Mortgages, have been paid, and, under current Legal Requirements, each 
of the Mortgages are enforceable in accordance with their respective terms 
by Lender (or any subsequent holder thereof), subject to principles of 
equity and bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws generally applicable to 
creditors rights and the enforcement of debtors obligations.

4.1.30 Special Purpose Entity/Separateness. (a) Each Individual Borrower, 
each Individual Operating Lessee and each Principal is a Special Purpose 
Entity.

(b) Intentionally omitted.

(c) Any and all of the stated facts and assumptions made in any Insolvency 
Opinion, including, but not limited to, any exhibits attached thereto, will 
have been true and correct in all respects, and Borrower, Operating Lessee 
and Principal, will have complied with all of the stated facts and 
assumptions made with respect to it in any Insolvency Opinion, in each case 
as of the date of such Insolvency Opinion. To Borrowers knowledge, each 
entity other than Borrower, Operating Lessee and Principal with respect to 
which an assumption is made or a fact stated in any Insolvency Opinion will 
have complied with all of the assumptions made and facts stated with 
respect to it in any such Insolvency Opinion, in each case as of the date 
of such Insolvency Opinion.
 
-76-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee 
represents with respect to itself and each Individual Borrower hereby 
represents as to any related Principal that, with respect to the period 
prior to the Closing Date, any amendment or restatement of any 
organizational document has been accomplished in accordance with, and was 
permitted by, the relevant provisions of such document prior to its 
amendment or restatement from time to time.

(e) Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee 
represents with respect to itself and any related Principal that, with 
respect to the period prior to the Closing Date, it:

(i) has been organized solely for the purpose of (A) in the case of an 
Individual Borrower, acquiring, developing, owning, holding, selling, 
leasing, transferring, exchanging, managing and operating the applicable 
Individual Property, entering into and performing its obligations under the 
Loan Documents and documents in connection with prior financings, 
refinancing the applicable Individual Property in connection with a 
permitted repayment of the Loan, and transacting lawful business that is 
incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing, (B) in the 
case of any Principal, acting as a general partner of the limited 
partnership that owns the related Individual Property or as member of the 
limited liability company that owns the related Individual Property and 
transacting any and all lawful business that was incident, necessary and 
appropriate to accomplish the foregoing, and (C) in the case of an 
Individual Operating Lessee, being a party to the applicable Operating 
Lease in contemplation of the consummation of the Restructuring;

(ii) has not engaged in any business unrelated to the activities set forth 
in clause (i) above;

(iii) has not owned any real property other than (A) in the case of an 
Individual Borrower, the applicable Individual Property and (B) in the case 
of Operating Lessee, its leasehold interest in the applicable Individual 
Property;

(iv) has not had any assets other than (A) in the case of each Individual 
Borrower, the related Individual Property and personal property necessary 
or incidental to its ownership and operation of such Individual Property, 
(B) in the case of any Principal, acting as a general partner of the 
limited partnership that owns the related Individual Property or as member 
of the limited liability company that owns the related Individual Property, 
and (C) in the case of each Individual Operating Lessee, the leasehold 
interest in the related Individual Property and personal property necessary 
or incidental to its leasing and operation of such Individual Property.

(v) has not engaged in, sought, consented to or permitted (A) any 
dissolution, winding up, liquidation, consolidation or merger, or (B) any 
sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of its assets or any 
sale of assets outside the ordinary course of its business;
 
-77-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(vi) has at all times remained solvent and has paid its debts and 
liabilities (including, a fairly allocated portion of any personnel and 
overhead expenses that it shares with any Affiliate) from its assets as the 
same shall become due, and has maintained adequate capital for the normal 
obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character 
and in light of its contemplated business operations (in each case, to the 
extent there existed sufficient cash flow from the operations of the 
Property to do so);

(vii) has not failed to correct any known misunderstanding regarding the 
separate identity of such entity;

(viii) has maintained its bank accounts, books of account, books and 
records separate from those of any other Person and has filed its own tax 
return, or was included as a disregarded entity in the filing of its 
parents tax return, or was included in the filing of a consolidated tax 
return, as applicable;

(ix) has maintained its own records, books, resolutions and agreements;

(x) except with respect to prior financings, has not (i) commingled its 
funds or assets with those of any other Person (ii) or participated in any 
cash management system with any other Person;

(xi) has held its assets in its own name;

(xii) has conducted its business in its name or in a name franchised or 
licensed to it by the applicable Manager or an Affiliate of such Manager 
(provided that an Individual Borrower may have conducted its business 
through an Affiliate of itself or the other Individual Borrower or an 
entity that acted as manager solely as an agent for such Individual 
Borrower under a prior financing that has been fully repaid on or before 
the Closing Date) except for business conducted on behalf of itself by 
another Person under a business management services agreement that is on 
commercially reasonable terms, so long as the manager, or equivalent 
thereof, under such business management services agreement holds itself out 
as an agent of such Special Purpose Entity;

(xiii) (A) has maintained its financial statements, accounting records and 
other entity documents separate from those of any other Person; (B) has 
shown, in its financial statements, its asset and liabilities separate and 
apart from those of any other Person; and (C) has not permitted its assets 
to be listed as assets on the financial statement of any of its Affiliates 
except as required by GAAP, as interpreted by the Uniform System of 
Accounts, provided, however, that any such consolidated financial statement 
contained a note indicating that the Special Purpose Entitys separate 
assets and credit were not available to pay the debts of such Affiliate and 
that the Special Purpose Entitys liabilities did not constitute 
obligations of the consolidated entity, except as provided herein with 
respect to each other Individual Borrower;
 
-78-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xiv) has paid its own liabilities and expenses, including the salaries of 
its own employees, out of its own funds and assets, provided there was 
sufficient cash flow to do so, and has maintained a sufficient number of 
employees, if any, in light of its business operations;

(xv) has observed all limited partnership or limited liability company 
formalities, as applicable;

(xvi) has not had any Indebtedness other than as expressly permitted 
pursuant to the terms of any prior financing that has been fully repaid on 
or before the Closing Date and such other liabilities as otherwise imposed 
by law, provided that no Principal has had any Indebtedness;

(xvii) other than as expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of any prior 
financing and except for guarantees or obligations, in each case, that have 
been released or discharged or that will be released or discharged on or 
before the Closing Date, has not assumed or guaranteed or become obligated 
for the debts of any other Person, has not held out its credit as being 
available to satisfy the obligations of any other Person or has not pledged 
its assets to secure the obligations of any other Person;

(xviii) except as expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of any prior 
financing and except for loans, in each case, that have been released or 
discharged or that will be released or discharged on or before the Closing 
Date, has not made loans to any Person and shall not hold evidence of 
indebtedness issued by any other Person (other than cash and investment 
grade securities issued by an entity that is not an Affiliate of or subject 
to common ownership with such entity);

(xix) has not identified its partners, members or shareholders, or any 
Affiliate of any of them, as a division or department or part of it and has 
not identified itself as a division or department of any other Person;

(xx) other than capital contributions and distributions permitted under the 
terms of its organizational documents, has not entered into or been a party 
to, any transaction with any of its partners, members, shareholders or 
Affiliates except in the ordinary course of its business and on terms which 
are commercially reasonable terms comparable to those of an arms length 
transaction with an unrelated third party;

(xxi) has not had any obligation to indemnify and has not indemnified its 
partners, officers, directors or members, as the case may be, in each case 
unless such an obligation or indemnification is fully subordinated to the 
Debt and shall not constitute a claim against it in the event that its cash 
flow is insufficient to pay the Debt;

(xxii) except in respect of prior financings that have been repaid or 
otherwise discharged or that will be repaid or discharged on or before the 
Closing Date, has not had any of its obligations guaranteed by any 
Affiliate;
 
-79-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xxiii) has not formed, acquired or held any subsidiary; provided, that a 
Principal has acquired and held its interest in the related Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee;

(xxiv) has complied with all of the terms and provisions contained in its 
organizational documents;

(xxv) has conducted its business so that each of the assumptions made about 
it and each of the facts stated about it in the Insolvency Opinion, or if 
applicable, any Additional Insolvency Opinion, are true;

(xxvi) has not permitted any Affiliate or constituent party independent 
access to its bank accounts, except as expressly permitted in any prior 
financing that was repaid in full on or before the Closing Date;

(xxvii) has always been duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing 
in the state of its formation and in all other jurisdictions where it is 
qualified to do business; and

(xxviii) has not been a party to any lawsuit, arbitration, summons, or 
legal proceeding that resulted in a judgment against it that has not been 
paid in full.

(f) Any assignment of limited liability company interests in any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or any Principal and the 
admission of the assignee as a member of such Individual Borrower, such 
Individual Operating Lessee or such Principal was accomplished in 
accordance with, and was permitted by, the limited liability company 
agreement of such Individual Borrower, such Individual Operating Lessee or 
such Principal, as in effect at such time.

(g) The Organizational Documents for each Individual Borrower or each 
Individual Operating Lessee that is a Delaware limited liability company 
and for each Principal shall provide that except for duties to such 
Individual Borrower, such Individual Operating Lessee and/or Principal as 
set forth in the Organizational Documents (including duties to the member 
and the applicable Individual Borrowers, Individual Operating Lessees or 
Principals creditors solely to the extent of their respective economic 
interests in the Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or 
Principal, but excluding (i) all other interests of the member, (ii) the 
interests of other Affiliates of the Individual Borrower, Individual 
Operating Lessee or Principal, and (iii) the interests of any group of 
Affiliates of which the Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or 
Principal is a part), the Independent Directors shall not have any 
fiduciary duties to the member, any officer or any other Person bound by 
the applicable Individual Borrowers, Individual Operating Lessees or 
Principals Organizational Documents; provided, however, the foregoing 
shall not eliminate the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing. To the fullest extent permitted by law, including Section 
18-1101(e) of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, an Independent 
Director shall not be liable to any Individual Borrower, any Individual 
Operating Lessee or Principal, the member or any other Person bound by the 
applicable Individual Borrowers, Individual Operating Lessees or 
Principals Organizational Documents for breach of contract or breach of 
duties (including
 
-80-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
fiduciary duties), unless the Independent Director acted in bad faith or 
engaged in willful misconduct. All right, power and authority of the 
Independent Directors shall be limited to the extent necessary to exercise 
those rights and perform those duties specifically set forth in the 
applicable Individual Borrowers, Individual Operating Lessees or 
Principals Organizational Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of the applicable Individual Borrowers, Individual Operating Lessees or 
Principals Organizational Documents to the contrary, each Independent 
Director, in its capacity as an Independent Director, may only act, vote or 
otherwise participate in those matters referred to in Section 9(j)(iii) of 
the applicable Individual Borrowers, Individual Operating Lessees or 
Principals Organizational Documents or as otherwise specifically required 
by the applicable Organizational Documents, and such Independent Directors 
act, vote or other participation shall not be required for the validity of 
any action taken by the board of directors of such Individual Borrower, 
Individual Operating Lessee or Principal unless, pursuant to the provisions 
of such Section 9(j)(iii) or as otherwise specifically provided in the 
applicable Organizational Documents, such action would be invalid in the 
absence of the affirmative vote or consent of such Independent Director.

(h) (i) any consents, waivers or amendments to the limited liability 
company agreement of any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee 
or Principal that is a Delaware limited liability company (each a Company
), or limited partnership agreement of any Individual Borrower, Individual 
Operating Lessee or Principal that is a Delaware limited partnership (each 
a Partnership), that were required to effect any assignment of a limited 
liability company interest in such Company or assignment of a partnership 
interest in such Partnership, as the case may be, or for the admission of 
an assignee as a member of a Company, or as a partner of a Partnership, 
were obtained or accomplished in accordance with such limited liability 
company agreement or partnership agreement, as applicable, as in effect at 
the time of such assignment, and that any conditions to assignment of any 
limited liability company interest in a Company or any partnership interest 
in a Partnership, as the case may be, or for the admission of an assignee 
as a member of a Company or as a partner of a Partnership, as applicable, 
have been satisfied or waived, (ii) there have been at all times at least 
one member of each Company, and (iii) that have been at all times at least 
one general partner and one additional general or limited partner of each 
Partnership that were different Persons.

4.1.31 Management Agreement. Each Management Agreement is in full force and 
effect and, to Borrowers knowledge, there is no material default 
thereunder by any party thereto and no event has occurred that, with the 
passage of time and/or the giving of notice would constitute a material 
default thereunder. Each Management Agreement was entered into on 
commercially reasonable terms.

4.1.32 Illegal Activity. No portion of any Individual Property has been or 
will be purchased with proceeds of any illegal activity.

4.1.33 No Change in Facts or Circumstances; Disclosure. To Borrowers 
knowledge, all information submitted by and on behalf of any Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee to Lender and in all financial 
statements, rent rolls (including the rent roll attached hereto as 
Schedule 4.1.26), reports, certificates and other documents submitted in 
connection with the Loan or in satisfaction of the terms thereof and all 
statements of fact made by Borrower or Operating Lessee in this Agreement 
or in any other Loan Document, are true,
 
-81-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
complete and correct in all material respects. The foregoing representation 
shall not apply to any such financial information that constitutes 
projections, provided that each Individual Borrower and each Individual 
Operating Lessee represents and warrants that it has no reason to believe 
that such projections are materially inaccurate. There has been no material 
adverse change in any condition, fact, circumstance or event that would 
make any such information inaccurate, incomplete or otherwise misleading in 
any material respect or that otherwise has or would be reasonably likely to 
have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on any Individual Property or 
any Individual Borrower or Aggregate Material Adverse Effect. Each 
Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee has disclosed to Lender 
all material facts and have not failed to disclose any material fact that 
could cause any Provided Information or representation or warranty made 
herein to be materially misleading.

4.1.34 Investment Company Act. No Individual Operating Lessee or Individual 
Borrower is (a) an investment company or a company controlled by an 
investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended; (b) a holding company or a subsidiary company of a 
holding company or an affiliate of either a holding company or a 
subsidiary company within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding 
Company Act of 2005, as amended; or (c) subject to any other federal or 
state law or regulation which purports to restrict or regulate its ability 
to borrow money.

4.1.35 Embargoed Person. As of the date hereof, (a) none of the funds or 
other assets of any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
constitute property of, or are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, 
by any person, entity or government subject to trade restrictions under 
U.S. law, including but not limited to, the USA PATRIOT Act (including 
anti-terrorism provisions thereof), the International Emergency Economic 
Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. §§ 1701 et seq., The Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 
U.S.C. App. 1 et seq., and any Executive Orders or regulations promulgated 
thereunder with the result that the investment in such Individual Borrower 
or Individual Operating Lessee (whether directly or indirectly), is 
prohibited by law or the Loan made by the Lender is in violation of law (
Embargoed Person); (b) none of the funds or other assets of any Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee constitute property of, or are 
beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any Embargoed Person; (c) no 
Embargoed Person has any interest of any nature whatsoever in any 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee with the result that the 
investment in such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
(whether directly or indirectly), is prohibited by law or the Loan is in 
violation of law; and (d) none of the funds of any Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee have been derived from or are the proceeds of, 
any unlawful activity with the result that the investment in such 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee (whether directly or 
indirectly), is prohibited by law or the Loan is in violation of law.

4.1.36 Principal Place of Business; State of Organization. Each Individual 
Borrowers and Individual Operating Lessees principal place of business as 
of the date hereof is the address set forth in the introductory paragraph 
of this Agreement. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating 
Lessee is organized under the laws of the State listed opposite of such 
Individual Borrower and such Individual Operating Lessee on Schedule 4.1.36
, and the organizational identification number of each such Individual 
Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee is listed in Schedule 4.1.36.
 
-82-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.1.37 Intentionally Omitted.

4.1.38 Mortgage Taxes. As of the date hereof, each Individual Borrower 
represents that it has paid (or escrowed sufficient funds with the escrow 
agent for payment of) all state, county and municipal recording and all 
other similar taxes imposed upon the execution and recordation of the 
Mortgage to which it is a party.

4.1.39 Operating Lease. The execution of each Operating Lease by the 
Individual Borrower that is party thereto (and the same becoming effective 
on the Operating Lease Effective Date) is necessary or desirable to 
effectuate the Restructuring and qualify Sponsor REIT as a real estate 
investment trust under Sections 856-860 of the Code and applicable 
regulations relating thereto.

4.1.40 Cash Management Account. Borrower hereby represents and warrants to 
Lender that:

(a) The Cash Management Agreement, and this Agreement create a valid and 
continuing security interest (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code of 
the State of New York) in the Cash Management Account in favor of Lender, 
which security interest is prior to all other Liens, other than Permitted 
Encumbrances, and is enforceable as such against creditors of and 
purchasers from any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee. 
Other than in connection with the Loan Documents and except for Permitted 
Encumbrances, no Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee has 
sold, pledged, transferred or otherwise conveyed the Cash Management 
Account;

(b) The Cash Management Account constitutes a deposit account and/or 
securities account within the meaning of the Uniform Commercial Code of 
the State of New York;

(c) Pursuant and subject to the terms hereof and the other applicable Loan 
Documents, Agent has agreed to comply with all instructions originated by 
Lender, without further consent by any Individual Borrower or any 
Individual Operating Lessee, directing disposition of the Cash Management 
Account and all sums at any time held, deposited or invested therein, 
together with any interest or other earnings thereon, and all proceeds 
thereof (including proceeds of sales and other dispositions), whether 
accounts, general intangibles, chattel paper, deposit accounts, 
instruments, documents or securities; and

(d) The Cash Management Account is not in the name of any Person other than 
the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, as 
pledgor, or Lender, as pledgee. No Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee has consented to Agent complying with instructions with 
respect to the Cash Management Account from any Person other than Lender.

4.1.41 Intentionally Omitted.

4.1.42 Taxes. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee 
is treated as a partnership or a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee 
has timely filed or caused to be filed
 
-83-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
all federal income and other material Section 2.7 Tax returns and reports 
required to have been filed by it and has paid or caused to be paid all 
federal income and other material Taxes and related liabilities required to 
have been paid by it, except Section 2.7 Taxes that are being contested in 
good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which an Individual Borrower 
or an Individual Operating Lessee, as applicable, has set aside on its 
books adequate reserves. There are no Liens for Section 2.7 Taxes on or 
with respect to any of any Individual Borrowers or any Individual 
Operating Lessees income or assets, other than Liens for Taxes not yet due 
or delinquent or which are contested in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings and for which such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee has set aside on its books adequate reserves.

4.1.43 Labor. No work stoppage, labor strike, slowdown or lockout is 
pending or threatened by employees and other laborers at the Properties. 
Except as described on Schedule 4.1.43, none of any Individual Borrower, 
any Individual Operating Lessee or, to Borrowers knowledge without 
inquiry, Manager (i) is involved in or, to the best of Borrowers 
knowledge, threatened with any material labor dispute, material grievance 
or litigation relating to labor matters involving any employees and other 
laborers at the Properties, including, without limitation, violation of any 
federal, state or local labor, safety or employment laws (domestic or 
foreign) and/or charges of unfair labor practices or discrimination 
complaints, (ii) to the best of Borrowers knowledge, has not engaged with 
respect to the Properties, in any unfair labor practices within the meaning 
of the National Labor Relations Act or the Railway Labor Act, or (iii) is 
not a party to, or bound by, any existing collective bargaining agreement 
or union contract with respect to employees and other laborers at the 
Properties. As of the Closing Date, Borrower has received no notice that 
any payments that are required to be paid under any collective bargaining 
agreement have not been paid.

4.1.44 Project Improvement Plans. There exists no project improvement 
plan applicable to any Individual Property.

4.1.45 Intentionally Omitted.

4.1.46 Intentionally Omitted.

4.1.47 Material Property Agreements.

(a) Each Material Property Agreement that is currently in effect (if any) 
is listed on Schedule 4.1.47 hereof, and each such Material Property 
Agreement is in full force and effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 
4.1.47 hereof, there are no material defaults by the applicable Individual 
Borrower thereunder or, to Borrowers knowledge, any material defaults 
thereunder by any other party thereto. Borrower has not given or received 
any notice of default under any of the Material Property Agreements that 
remains uncured or in dispute.

(b) Borrower has delivered true, correct and complete copies of the 
Material Property Agreements (including all amendments and supplements 
thereto) to Lender.

(c) All fees and other compensation for services previously performed under 
the Material Property Agreements have been paid in full or are not yet due 
and payable as of the date hereof.
 
-84-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.2 Survival of Representations. Borrower and Operating Lessee 
agree that all of the representations and warranties of Borrower and 
Operating Lessee set forth in Section 4.1 hereof and elsewhere in this 
Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall survive for so long as any 
amount remains owing to Lender under this Agreement or any of the other 
Loan Documents by Borrower but shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date hereof. All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made 
in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents by Borrower and Operating 
Lessee shall be deemed to have been relied upon by Lender notwithstanding 
any investigation heretofore or hereafter made by Lender or on its behalf.


ARTICLE V

COVENANTS

Section 5.1 Affirmative Covenants. From the date hereof and until payment 
and performance in full of all obligations of Borrower under the Loan 
Documents or the earlier release of the Liens of the Mortgages encumbering 
the Properties (and all related obligations) in accordance with the terms 
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, each of Borrower and 
Operating Lessee hereby covenants and agrees with Lender to comply with the 
following covenants:

5.1.1 Existence; Compliance with Legal Requirements. Each Individual 
Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee shall do or cause to be done 
all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect 
its existence, rights, licenses, permits and franchises and comply in all 
material respects with all Legal Requirements applicable to such Individual 
Borrower or such Individual Operating Lessee and the related Individual 
Property, including, without limitation, building and zoning codes and 
certificates of occupancy and the procurement of all necessary and required 
hospitality, liquor or innkeepers licenses, other than to the extent the 
failure to do so would not result in an Individual Material Adverse Effect 
on the applicable Individual Property or the applicable Individual 
Borrower. There shall never be committed by any Individual Borrower or any 
Individual Operating Lessee, and no Individual Borrower Individual 
Operating Lessee shall permit any other Person in occupancy of or involved 
with the operation or use of the related Individual Property to commit any 
act or omission affording the federal government or any state or local 
government the right of forfeiture against such Individual Property or any 
part thereof or any monies paid in performance of Borrowers obligations 
under any of the Loan Documents. Each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee hereby covenants and agrees not to commit, 
permit or suffer to exist any act or omission affording such right of 
forfeiture. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee 
shall at all times maintain, preserve and protect all rights it has in 
necessary franchises and trade names and preserve all the remainder of its 
property used or useful in the conduct of its business and shall keep the 
related Individual Property in good working order and repair, and from time 
to time make, or cause to be made, all reasonably necessary repairs, 
renewals, replacements, betterments and improvements thereto, all as more 
fully provided in the Loan Documents. Each Individual Borrower and/or the 
corresponding Individual Operating Lessee shall keep the related Individual 
Property insured at all times by financially sound and reputable insurers, 
to such extent and against such risks, and maintain liability and such 
other
 
-85-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
insurance, as is more fully provided in this Agreement. After prior written 
notice to Lender, any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, 
at its own expense, may contest by appropriate legal proceeding promptly 
initiated and conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the validity 
of any Legal Requirement, the applicability of any Legal Requirement to 
itself, the corresponding Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee (as applicable) or the related Individual Property or any alleged 
violation of any Legal Requirement, provided that (i) no Event of Default 
has occurred and remains uncured; (ii) such proceeding shall be permitted 
under and be conducted in accordance with the provisions of any instrument 
to which such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is subject 
and shall not constitute a default thereunder and such proceeding shall be 
conducted in accordance with all applicable statutes, laws and ordinances; 
(iii) neither the applicable Individual Property nor any part thereof or 
interest therein will be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, 
cancelled or lost during the pendency of such dispute; (iv) such Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall promptly upon final 
determination thereof comply with any such Legal Requirement determined to 
be valid or applicable or cure any violation of any Legal Requirement; (v) 
such proceeding shall suspend the enforcement of the contested Legal 
Requirement against it, the corresponding Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee (as applicable) and the related Individual Property during 
the pendency of such dispute; and (vi) such Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee shall furnish such security as may be required 
in the proceeding, or as may be reasonably requested by Lender, to insure 
compliance with such Legal Requirement, together with all interest and 
penalties payable in connection therewith. Lender may apply any such 
security, as necessary to cause compliance with such Legal Requirement at 
any time when, in the reasonable judgment of Lender, the validity, 
applicability or violation of such Legal Requirement is finally established 
or the applicable Individual Property (or any part thereof or interest 
therein) shall be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled 
or lost.

5.1.2 Taxes and Other Charges. Except as otherwise provided in this 
Section 5.1.2, each Individual Borrower and/or the corresponding Individual 
Operating Lessee shall pay all Taxes and Other Charges now or hereafter 
levied or assessed or imposed against the related Individual Property or 
any part thereof prior to delinquency; provided, however, each such 
Individual Borrowers and/or Individual Operating Lessees obligation to 
directly pay Taxes and Other Charges shall be suspended for so long as 
Borrower complies with the terms and provisions of Section 7.2 hereof. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.1.2, each Individual 
Borrower shall, or shall cause the corresponding Individual Operating 
Lessee to, not later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a written 
request from Lender, deliver to Lender receipts for payment or other 
evidence satisfactory to Lender that the Taxes and Other Charges with 
respect to the related Individual Property have been so paid or are not 
then delinquent no later than ten (10) days prior to the date on which the 
Taxes and/or Other Charges would otherwise be delinquent if not paid (
provided, however, no Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
shall be required to furnish such receipts for payment of such Taxes and 
Other Charges during any period that Taxes and Other Charges have been paid 
by Lender pursuant to Section 7.2 hereof or by Manager pursuant to a 
Management Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the following 
sentence, neither Individual Borrower nor the related Individual Operating 
Lessee shall suffer, and each Individual Borrower and the related 
Individual Operating Lessee shall promptly cause to be paid and discharged, 
any Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances) or charge whatsoever which may 
be or become a Lien or charge against the related Individual Property 
(other than Permitted Encumbrances), and shall promptly pay for all
 
-86-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
utility services provided to such Individual Property. Any Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, at its own expense, may contest, 
by appropriate legal proceeding, promptly initiated and conducted in good 
faith and with due diligence, the amount or validity or application in 
whole or in part of any Taxes or Other Charges, provided that (i) no 
Default or Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured; (ii) such 
proceeding shall be permitted under and be conducted in accordance with the 
provisions of any other instrument to which such Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee is subject and shall not constitute a default 
thereunder and such proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with all 
applicable statutes, laws and ordinances; (iii) neither the applicable 
Individual Property nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in 
danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled or lost during the 
pendency thereof; (iv) such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall promptly upon final determination thereof pay the amount of 
any such Taxes or Other Charges, together with all costs, interest and 
penalties which may be payable in connection therewith; (v) such proceeding 
shall suspend the collection of such contested Taxes or Other Charges from 
the applicable Individual Property during the pendency thereof; (vi) such 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall furnish such 
security as may be required in the proceeding, or as may be reasonably 
requested by Lender, to insure the payment of any such Taxes or Other 
Charges, together with all interest and penalties thereon; and (vii) such 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall deliver written 
notice of such contest to Lender. Lender may pay over any such cash deposit 
or part thereof held by Lender to the claimant entitled thereto at any time 
when, in the reasonable judgment of Lender, the entitlement of such 
claimant is established or the applicable Individual Property (or part 
thereof or interest therein) shall be in imminent danger of being sold, 
forfeited, terminated, cancelled or lost or there shall be any danger of 
the Lien of any Mortgage being primed by any related Lien.

5.1.3 Litigation. Borrower shall give prompt written notice to Lender of 
any litigation or governmental proceedings pending or threatened against 
any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee which might have an 
Individual Material Adverse Effect on any Individual Property or any 
Individual Borrower or Aggregate Material Adverse Effect.

5.1.4 Access to Properties. Subject to the rights of Tenants, guests, and 
patrons, each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee 
shall permit agents, representatives and employees of Lender to inspect the 
applicable Individual Property or any part thereof at reasonable hours upon 
reasonable advance notice.

5.1.5 Notice of Default. Borrower and/or Operating Lessee shall promptly 
advise Lender of any material adverse change in any Individual Borrowers, 
any Individual Operating Lessees or Guarantors condition, financial or 
otherwise, or of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default of which 
Borrower or Operating Lessee has knowledge.

5.1.6 Cooperate in Legal Proceedings. Each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee shall cooperate fully with Lender with respect 
to any proceedings before any court, board or other Governmental Authority 
which may in any way materially and adversely affect the rights of Lender 
hereunder or any rights obtained by Lender under any of the other Loan 
Documents and, in connection therewith, permit Lender, at its election, to 
participate in any such proceedings.
 
-87-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.1.7 Perform Loan Documents. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual 
Operating Lessee shall in a timely manner observe, perform and satisfy all 
the terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of, and shall pay when due 
all costs, fees and expenses to the extent required under the Loan 
Documents executed and delivered by, or applicable to, such Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee. No Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee shall enter into or otherwise suffer or permit 
any amendment, waiver, supplement, termination or other modification of any 
Loan Document executed and delivered by, or applicable to, such Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee without the prior written consent 
of Lender.

5.1.8 Award and Insurance Benefits. Each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee shall cooperate with Lender in obtaining for 
Lender the benefits of any Awards or Insurance Proceeds lawfully or 
equitably payable in connection with the related Individual Property, and 
Lender shall be reimbursed for any expenses incurred in connection 
therewith (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, and the 
payment by Borrower of the expense of an appraisal on behalf of Lender in 
case of Casualty or Condemnation affecting any Individual Property or any 
part thereof) out of such Insurance Proceeds.

5.1.9 Further Assurances. Each Individual Borrower and each Individual 
Operating Lessee shall, at Borrowers sole cost and expense:

(a) without limiting any other obligation of any Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee hereunder, upon the written request of Lender, 
furnish to Lender all instruments, documents, boundary surveys, footing or 
foundation surveys, certificates, plans and specifications, appraisals, 
title and other insurance reports and agreements, and each and every other 
document, certificate, agreement and instrument required to be furnished by 
such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee pursuant to the 
terms of the Loan Documents or which are reasonably requested by Lender in 
connection therewith, provided, that, so long as no Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, the foregoing shall not require any Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee to obtain updated appraisals after 
the Closing Date, unless specifically required by the terms of this 
Agreement;

(b) execute and deliver to Lender such documents, instruments, 
certificates, assignments and other writings, and do such other acts 
reasonably necessary, to evidence, preserve and/or protect the collateral 
at any time securing or intended to secure the obligations of Borrower and 
Operating Lessee under the Loan Documents, as Lender may reasonably require 
including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of all writings 
necessary to transfer any hospitality, liquor and other licenses required 
for the continued operation of any Individual Property into the name of 
Lender or its designee after the occurrence and during the continuance of 
an Event of Default to the extent such transfer is permitted by applicable 
law or, to the extent such transfer is not permitted by applicable law, 
reasonably cooperate with Lender in obtaining new hospitality, liquor or 
other licenses required for the continued operation of an Individual 
Property and terminating existing licenses, in each case solely at the 
direction of Lender; and

(c) do and execute all and such further lawful and reasonable acts, 
conveyances and assurances for the better and more effective carrying out 
of the intents and purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, 
as Lender shall reasonably require from time to time.
 
-88-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.1.10 Principal Place of Business, State of Organization. No Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall cause or permit any change to 
be made in its name or identity (including its trade name or names) unless 
such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall have first 
notified Lender in writing of such change at least thirty (30) days prior 
to the effective date of such change, and shall have first taken all action 
required by Lender for the purpose of perfecting or protecting the lien and 
security interests of Lender pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
change its organizational structure or place of organization or formation 
(as set forth in Section 4.1.36 hereof), except as permitted pursuant to 
Section 5.2 hereof, without first obtaining the prior written consent of 
Lender and delivery of a Rating Agency Confirmation. Upon Lenders request, 
the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall, at 
Borrowers sole cost and expense, execute and deliver additional financing 
statements, security agreements and other instruments which may be 
necessary to effectively evidence or perfect Lenders security interest in 
the applicable Individual Property as a result of such change of principal 
place of business or place of organization (in the case of a change of 
place of organization, if approved in accordance with the foregoing 
sentence). Each Individual Borrowers and each Individual Operating 
Lessees principal place of business and chief executive office has been 
for the preceding four months (or, if less, the entire period of the 
existence of such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee) and 
will continue to be the address of each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee set forth at the introductory paragraph of this 
Agreement unless Borrower notifies Lender in writing at least thirty (30) 
days prior to the date of change and Borrower authorizes Lender to file 
UCC-3 financing statements as necessary or desirable to maintain the 
priority of the liens granted hereunder (provided that Lender acknowledges 
that, in connection with the Restructuring, the principal place of business 
of each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee will be 
changed to 1600 Tysons Blvd., Suite 1000, McLean, Virginia, and within a 
reasonable time thereafter, again to 1650 Tysons Blvd., Suite 1300, McLean, 
Virginia, and notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall only be 
required to provide written notice thereof promptly upon each such change, 
provided that, in connection therewith, each Individual Borrower and 
Individual Operating Lessee shall, at Borrowers sole cost and expense, 
execute and deliver additional financing statements, security agreements 
and other instruments which may be necessary to effectively evidence or 
perfect Lenders security interest in the applicable Individual Property as 
a result of such change of principal place of business or place of 
organization). No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
change its organizational identification number without the prior written 
consent of Lender. Upon receipt of a written request from Lender, Borrower 
shall execute a certificate in form satisfactory to Lender listing the 
trade names under which each Individual Borrower and each Individual 
Operating Lessee intends to operate the related Individual Property, and 
representing and warranting that each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee does business under no other trade name with 
respect to such applicable Individual Property.

5.1.11 Financial Reporting. (a) Each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee will keep and maintain or will cause to be kept 
and maintained on a Fiscal Year basis, in accordance with GAAP (or such 
other accounting basis acceptable to Lender) as
 
-89-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
interpreted by the Uniform System of Accounts, proper and accurate books, 
records and accounts reflecting all of the financial affairs of such 
Individual Borrower or such Individual Operating Lessee and all items of 
income and expense in connection with the operation on an individual basis 
of the related Individual Property. Lender shall have the right from time 
to time at all times during normal business hours upon reasonable notice 
(and, in any event, not more than two (2) times in any calendar year unless 
an Event of Default is continuing, in which case no such restriction shall 
apply) to examine such books, records and accounts at the office of 
Borrower, Operating Lessee or any other Person maintaining such books, 
records and accounts and to make such copies or extracts thereof as Lender 
shall desire. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event 
of Default, Borrower shall pay any reasonable and actual costs and expenses 
incurred by Lender to examine any Individual Borrowers or Individual 
Operating Lessees accounting records with respect to any Individual 
Property, as Lender shall reasonably determine to be necessary or 
appropriate in the protection of Lenders interest.

(b) Borrower will furnish to Lender annually, within seventy-five (75) days 
following the end of each Fiscal Year, a copy of Borrowers and Operating 
Lessees unaudited financial statements covering the Properties on a 
combined basis for such Fiscal Year and containing statements of profit and 
loss for Borrower, Operating Lessee and the Properties and a balance sheet 
for Borrower and Operating Lessee. Such statements shall set forth the 
financial condition and the results of operations for the Properties (on a 
combined basis) for such Fiscal Year, and shall include, but not be limited 
to, amounts representing annual Net Operating Income, Gross Income from 
Operations and Operating Expenses (not including any contributions to the 
Replacement Reserve Account). Borrowers and Operating Lessees annual 
financial statements shall be accompanied by (i) an Officers Certificate 
stating that each such annual financial statement presents fairly the 
financial condition and the results of operations of Borrower, Operating 
Lessee and the Properties being reported upon as of such date and has been 
prepared in accordance with GAAP (or such other accounting basis acceptable 
to Lender), as interpreted by the Uniform System of Accounts and (ii) 
occupancy statistics including revenue per available room and average daily 
rates for the Properties on a combined basis as well as for each Individual 
Property. Together with Borrowers and Operating Lessees annual financial 
statements, Borrower shall furnish to Lender an Officers Certificate 
certifying as of the date thereof whether there exists, to Borrowers 
knowledge, an event or circumstance which constitutes a Default or Event of 
Default under the Loan Documents executed and delivered by, or applicable 
to, Borrower or Operating Lessee, and if such Default or Event of Default 
exists, the nature thereof, the period of time it has existed and the 
action then being taken to remedy the same.

(c) Within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each Fiscal 
Year, Borrower shall provide a complete copy of Guarantors (or its 
publicly traded parent) annual financial statements audited by a Big Four 
accounting firm or other independent certified public accountant acceptable 
to Lender in accordance with GAAP as interpreted by the Uniform System of 
Accounts (or such other accounting basis acceptable to Lender). The 
financial information for the Properties, each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee shall be included as part of Guarantors (or 
its publicly traded parents) annual audited financial statements.

(d) Borrower will furnish, or cause to be furnished, to Lender on or before 
forty (40) days after the end of (i) prior to a Securitization, each 
calendar month and (ii) after a
 
-90-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Securitization, each calendar quarter, each the following items, 
accompanied by an Officers Certificate stating that (A) such items are 
true, correct, accurate, and complete and fairly present the financial 
condition and results of the operations of Borrower, Operating Lessee and 
the Properties on a combined basis as well as each Individual Property 
(subject to normal year-end adjustments) as of the relevant date, as 
applicable, and (B) the representations and warranties of Borrower and 
Operating Lessee set forth in subsection (xxiii) of the definition of 
Special Purpose Entity are true and correct as of the date of such 
certificate: (i) an occupancy report for the subject month, including an 
average daily rate and revenue per available room; (ii) monthly or 
quarterly (as applicable) and year to date operating statements prepared 
for each calendar month or quarter (as applicable), noting EBITDA, Gross 
Income from Operations, and Operating Expenses (not including any 
contributions to the Replacement Reserve Account), and other information 
necessary and sufficient to fairly represent the financial position and 
results of operation of the Properties during such calendar month or 
quarter (as applicable), and containing a comparison of budgeted income and 
expenses and the actual income and expenses, all in form satisfactory to 
Lender, (iii) during a Cash Trap Period, upon the written request of 
Lender, a detailed explanation of any variances of ten percent (10%) or 
more between budgeted and actual amounts for such periods and (iv) the most 
current Smith Travel Research Reports then available to Borrower or 
Operating Lessee reflecting market penetration and relevant hotel 
properties competing with the Properties.

(e) Lender hereby acknowledges receipt of the forecasted Annual Budget for 
the remainder of the Fiscal Year ending on December 31, 2016. Borrower or 
Operating Lessee shall submit to Lender an Annual Budget upon the earlier 
to occur of (i) the date which is five (5) Business Days after receipt by 
Borrower or Operating Lessee, as applicable, of such Annual Budget from 
Manager and (ii) December 31 of then-current calendar year (which, subject 
to the immediately succeeding sentence, shall be for informational purposes 
only). If a Cash Trap Period is continuing, the Annual Budget shall be 
subject to Lenders reasonable written approval, which approval shall not 
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (each such Annual Budget, 
an Approved Annual Budget); provided, however, that Lender shall not 
withhold its consent with respect to (i) expenditures necessary to comply 
with life, health or safety matters and (ii) Employment Costs (as such term 
is defined in the Management Agreement). So long as no Cash Trap Period is 
continuing, any Annual Budget and any amendments or modifications thereto 
shall be deemed an Approved Annual Budget and Lender shall have no approval 
right with respect thereto. In the event that Borrower is required to 
submit an Annual Budget for approval pursuant to this Section 5.1.11(e), 
each such request for approval of an Annual Budget shall contain the 
following legend in prominently displayed in bold, all caps and fourteen 
(14) point or larger font in the transmittal letter requesting approval: 
THIS IS A REQUEST FOR APPROVAL OF AN ANNUAL BUDGET. LENDERS RESPONSE IS 
REQUESTED WITHIN TEN (10) DAYS. In the event that Lender fails to grant or 
withhold its approval to such Annual Budget within such ten (10) day 
period, Borrower shall deliver to Lender a second request for approval 
containing the following legend in prominently displayed in bold, all caps 
and fourteen (14) point or larger font in the transmittal letter requesting 
approval: THIS IS A SECOND REQUEST FOR APPROVAL OF AN ANNUAL BUDGET. 
LENDERS RESPONSE IS REQUESTED WITHIN TEN (10) DAYS. LENDERS FAILURE TO 
RESPOND WITHIN SUCH TIME PERIOD SHALL RESULT IN LENDERS APPROVAL BEING 
DEEMED TO HAVE BEEN GRANTED. In the event that Lender fails to grant or 
withhold its approval to such Annual Budget within such ten (10) day 
period,
 
-91-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
then Lenders approval shall be deemed to have been granted. In the event 
that Lender timely disapproves a proposed Annual Budget in accordance with 
the foregoing, Borrower or Operating Lessee shall promptly revise such 
Annual Budget and resubmit the same to Lender (and each such resubmittal 
shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 5.1.11(e) as if the 
applicable proposed Annual Budget were being submitted to Lender for its 
initial review of the same, provided that the aforesaid ten (10) day 
periods shall each be five (5) days in connection with any such 
resubmittal). Borrower or Operating Lessee shall promptly revise each 
proposed Annual Budget and resubmit the same to Lender in accordance with 
the foregoing until Lender approves the proposed Annual Budget. Until such 
time that Lender approves a proposed Annual Budget, the most recently 
Approved Annual Budget shall apply; provided that, each line item of such 
Approved Annual Budget shall be increased by the amount of the increase, if 
any, in the Consumer Price Index for the immediately preceding calendar 
year (other than the line items in respect of Taxes, Insurance Premiums, 
union wages, utilities expenses and Other Charges, which line items shall 
be adjusted to reflect actual increases in such expenses).

(f) In the event that, during any Cash Trap Period, any Individual Borrower 
or Individual Operating Lessee must incur a capital expense not set forth 
in the Approved Annual Budget (each an Extraordinary Expense), then 
Borrower shall promptly deliver to Lender a reasonably detailed explanation 
of such proposed Extraordinary Expense for Lenders approval, which 
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed; 
provided, that Lenders consent shall not be required in connection with: 
capital expenditures (i) necessary to comply with life, health or safety 
matters and Legal Requirements and (ii) for which Borrower and/or Operating 
Lessee is permitted to use Excess Cash Flow Reserve Funds, to the extent 
that there are sufficient funds available. For the avoidance of doubt, from 
and after the date of the Restructuring, nothing in this clause (f) shall 
be deemed to limit Managers rights set forth elsewhere with respect to the 
Operating Account and the FF&E Concentration Account.

(g) During the continuance of a Cash Trap Period, no Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee (as applicable) shall approve (to the extent 
such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is permitted to 
approve or reject such operating budget pursuant to the terms of the 
Management Agreement) any operating budget pursuant to the Management 
Agreement to which it is a party without the prior written consent of 
Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or 
delayed). Lender shall cooperate with each Individual Borrower and/or 
Individual Operating Lessee (as applicable) to follow the procedures for 
budget approval set forth in each Management Agreement to the extent 
Borrower or Operating Lessee notifies Lender thereof.

(h) Any reports, statements or other information required to be delivered 
under this Agreement may be delivered via email or on a diskette and/or, if 
requested by Lender and within the capabilities of Borrowers data systems 
without change or modification thereto, with report files in electronic 
form of Microsoft Word or Microsoft Excel (which files may be prepared 
using a spreadsheet program and saved as word processing files). Borrower 
agrees that Lender may disclose information regarding the Properties and 
Borrower that is provided to Lender pursuant to this Section 5.1.11(h) in 
connection with the Securitization to such parties requesting such 
information in connection with such Securitization.
 
-92-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.1.12 Business and Operations. Each Individual Borrower and each 
Individual Operating Lessee shall continue to engage in the businesses 
presently conducted by it (or, with respect to each Individual Operating 
Lessee, contemplated to be conducted by it pursuant to the applicable 
Operating Lease) as and to the extent the same are necessary for the 
ownership or leasing (as applicable), maintenance, management, leasing and 
operation of their respective Individual Property. Each Individual Borrower 
and each Individual Operating Lessee shall qualify to do business and will 
remain in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation 
as and to the extent the same are required for the ownership, maintenance, 
management and operation of their respective Individual Property. Each 
Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee shall at all times 
during the term of the Loan, continue to own or lease all of Equipment, 
Fixtures and Personal Property which are necessary to operate their 
respective Individual Property in the manner required hereunder and in the 
manner in which it is currently operated.

5.1.13 Title to the Properties. Each Individual Borrower and each Operating 
Lessee shall warrant and defend (a) the title to each Individual Property 
and every part thereof, subject only to Liens permitted hereunder 
(including Permitted Encumbrances), and (b) the validity and priority of 
the Lien of the Mortgage to which it is a party on the applicable 
Individual Property, subject only to Liens permitted hereunder (including 
Permitted Encumbrances), in each case against the claims of all Persons 
whomsoever. Borrower shall reimburse Lender for any losses, costs, damages 
or expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and court costs) incurred 
by Lender if an interest in any Individual Property, other than as 
permitted hereunder, is claimed by another Person.

5.1.14 Costs of Enforcement. In the event (a) that any Mortgage encumbering 
any Individual Property is foreclosed in whole or in part or that any such 
Mortgage is put into the hands of an attorney for collection, suit, action 
or foreclosure, (b) of the foreclosure of any mortgage encumbering such 
Individual Property prior to or subsequent to any Mortgage encumbering any 
Individual Property in which proceeding Lender is made a party, or (c) of 
the bankruptcy, insolvency, rehabilitation or other similar proceeding in 
respect of Borrower or any of its constituent Persons or an assignment by 
Borrower or any of its constituent Persons for the benefit of its 
creditors, Borrower and its successors or assigns, shall be chargeable with 
and agrees to pay all out-of-pocket costs of collection and defense, 
including reasonable third party attorneys fees and expenses, incurred by 
Lender or Borrower in connection therewith, but excluding regular servicing 
fees and in connection with any appellate proceeding or post judgment 
action involved therein, together with all required service or use taxes.

5.1.15 Estoppel Statement. (a) After request by Lender, Borrower shall 
within ten (10) Business Days furnish Lender with a statement, duly 
acknowledged and certified, setting forth (i) the original principal amount 
of the Note (and any Components thereof), (ii) the unpaid principal amount 
of the Note, (iii) the Interest Rate of the Note, (iv) the date 
installments of interest and/or principal were last paid, (v) any offsets 
or defenses to the payment of the Debt, if any, claimed by Borrower, and 
(vi) that the Note, this Agreement, the Mortgages and the other Loan 
Documents are valid, legal and binding obligations of Borrower, Operating 
Lessee and/or Guarantor (as applicable), subject to bankruptcy, insolvency 
or other similar laws and general principles of equity, and have not been 
modified or if modified, giving particulars of such modification; provided
, however, that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, Borrower shall not be required to provide such statement more 
than one (1) time in any calendar year.
 
-93-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Borrower and Operating Lessee shall use commercially reasonable efforts 
to deliver to Lender upon request, (i) a tenant estoppel certificate from 
each commercial Tenant party to a Material Lease at any Individual Property 
and (ii) an estoppel certificate from each counterparty under any Material 
Property Agreement, in each case, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to Lender; provided, however, that so long as no Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall not be required to 
seek such statement more than one (1) time in any calendar year.

5.1.16 Loan Proceeds. Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan received 
by it on the Closing Date only for the purposes set forth in Section 2.1.4 
hereof.

5.1.17 Intentionally Omitted.

5.1.18 Confirmation of Representations. Borrower and Operating Lessee shall 
deliver, upon written request from Lender in connection with any 
Securitization, (a) one (1) or more Officers Certificates certifying as to 
the accuracy of all representations in all material respects made by 
Borrower and Operating Lessee in the Loan Documents as of the date of the 
closing of such Securitization in all relevant jurisdictions or, if any 
such representations require qualification on such date, setting forth such 
qualifications in reasonable detail, and (b) certificates of the relevant 
Governmental Authorities in all relevant jurisdictions indicating the good 
standing and qualification of Borrower, Operating Lessee, Principal and 
Guarantor as of the date that is within thirty (30) days of the 
Securitization.

5.1.19 No Joint Assessment. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall not suffer, permit or initiate the joint assessment of the 
related Individual Property (a) with any other real property constituting a 
tax lot separate from such Individual Property, and (b) which constitutes 
real property with any portion of such Individual Property which may be 
deemed to constitute personal property, or any other procedure whereby the 
lien of any taxes which may be levied against such personal property shall 
be assessed or levied or charged to such real property portion of the 
Individual Property.

5.1.20 Intentionally Omitted.

5.1.21 Leasing Matters. (a) Subject to subsection (b) below, any Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee may enter into any Lease or other 
rental arrangement, exercise all extensions and renewals and enter into any 
modification, amendments and supplements to any Leases without the prior 
approval of Lender, provided that, any new Lease entered into after the 
date hereof shall (i) have rental rates comparable to existing local market 
rates in all material respects, provided, however, so long as no Cash Trap 
Period is in effect, a Lease of commercial space demising less than 5,000 
square feet, with a term of less than five (5) years may be made on lower 
than market rate terms with a tenant who is not an Affiliate of any 
Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee if Borrower or 
Operating Lessee reasonably determines in its prudent business judgment 
that such Lease will provide additional incremental revenue to the 
applicable Individual Property in excess of its stated rent, (ii) be on
 
-94-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
commercially reasonable terms and shall not contain any terms which would 
materially adversely affect Lenders rights under the Loan Documents and 
(iii) be subordinate to the Mortgage encumbering the applicable Individual 
Property and shall provide that the lessee agrees to attorn to Lender or 
any purchaser at a sale by foreclosure or power of sale; provided, that 
with respect to any approval (or deemed approval) by Lender (or with 
respect to any Lease that does not require Lenders approval), Lender 
shall, upon request of Borrower, enter into a subordination, 
non-disturbance and attornment agreement with any lessee entering into such 
Lease on Lenders then standard form, subject to such commercially 
reasonable changes thereto as such lessee and Lender shall mutually agree 
upon (each acting reasonably).

(b) Any (i) Material Leases or (ii) Leases to an Affiliate of any 
Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee with respect to an 
Individual Property written after the Closing Date (other than any Lease 
with Hilton Grand Vacations, HWHI or any of their respective subsidiaries 
that (A) is entered into prior to the consummation of the Restructuring, 
(B) is not a Material Lease, (C) complies with the requirements set forth 
in Section 5.1.21(a), and (D) is terminable upon not more than ninety (90) 
days prior written notice and without payment of any termination fee or 
penalty) shall be subject to the prior written approval of Lender, which 
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Material Lease(s) listed on Schedule 
5.1.21 attached hereto and previously delivered to Lender are hereby 
approved by Lender. Upon written request of Lender, Borrower or Operating 
Lessee shall furnish Lender with executed copies of all Leases; provided 
that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, neither 
Borrower nor Operating Lessee shall be required to deliver copies of all 
Leases more frequently than two (2) times per calendar year and, where 
Leases have been previously delivered to Lender, Borrower or Operating 
Lessee may, in lieu of delivering new copies thereof to Lender, deliver an 
Officers Certificate stating that such Leases remain unchanged (or, if 
terminated or expired, that such Leases have been terminated or expired, 
or, where Leases have been modified, supplemented or extended, deliver 
copies of the documents modifying, supplementing or extending the Leases 
without delivering copies of the documents previously provided. All 
renewals of Leases (other than with respect to renewal or extension rights 
set forth in the Lease in effect as of the Closing Date) and all proposed 
Leases shall provide for rental rates comparable to existing local market 
rates in all material respects, provided, however, so long as no Cash Trap 
Period is in effect, a Lease of commercial space demising less than 5,000 
square feet, with a term of less than five (5) years may be made on 
materially lower than local market rate terms with a tenant who is not an 
Affiliate of any Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee if 
Borrower or Operating Lessee reasonably determines in its prudent business 
judgment that such Lease will provide additional incremental revenue to the 
applicable Property in excess of its stated rent. Each Individual Borrower 
or Individual Operating Lessee, as applicable, (i) shall observe and 
perform the obligations imposed upon the lessor under each Lease to which 
it is a party in a commercially reasonable manner; (ii) shall enforce the 
terms, covenants and conditions contained in the Leases upon the part of 
the lessee under each such Lease to be observed or performed in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in a manner not to impair the value of 
the Individual Property involved except that no termination by any 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee or acceptance of 
surrender by a Tenant of any Material Lease (regardless of when any such 
Material Lease was entered into) shall be permitted unless by reason of (A) 
a Tenant default and then only in a commercially reasonable manner to 
preserve and protect the Individual Property; or (B) the exercise by a 
Tenant of any termination right
 
-95-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
expressly provided in any existing Material Lease or any Material Lease 
hereafter entered into in compliance with the conditions set forth in this 
Section 5.1.21; (iii) shall not collect any of the rents more than one (1) 
month in advance (other than security deposits, payments of the first 
months rent upon signing of the Lease, and rent for providing rooms and 
banquet and meeting space and services in the ordinary course of business); 
(iv) shall not execute any other assignment of lessors interest in the 
Leases or the Rents (except as contemplated by the Loan Documents); (v) 
shall not alter, modify or change the terms of the Leases in a manner 
inconsistent with the provisions of the Loan Documents; (vi) shall not 
alter, modify or change the terms of any Material Lease (regardless of when 
any such Material Lease was entered into) without the prior written consent 
of Lender, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned 
or delayed, which consent shall be subject to the deemed approval 
provisions set forth in this Section; and (vii) shall execute and deliver 
at the request of Lender all such further assurances, confirmations and 
assignments in connection with the Leases as Lender shall from time to time 
reasonably require. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, no Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall enter 
into a lease of all or substantially all of any Individual Property (except 
for the execution of the Operating Lease in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement) without Lenders prior written consent. Each such request 
for approval of a Lease shall contain the following legend in prominently 
displayed in bold, all caps and fourteen (14) point or larger font in the 
transmittal letter requesting approval: THIS IS A REQUEST FOR APPROVAL OF 
A LEASE. LENDERS RESPONSE IS REQUESTED WITHIN TEN (10) DAYS. In the event 
that Lender fails to grant or withhold its approval to such Lease within 
such ten (10) day period, Borrower shall deliver to Lender a second request 
for approval containing the following legend in prominently displayed in 
bold, all caps and fourteen (14) point or larger font in the transmittal 
letter requesting approval: THIS IS A SECOND REQUEST FOR APPROVAL OF A 
LEASE. LENDERS RESPONSE IS REQUESTED WITHIN FIVE (5) DAYS. LENDERS 
FAILURE TO RESPOND WITHIN SUCH TIME PERIOD SHALL RESULT IN LENDERS 
APPROVAL BEING DEEMED TO HAVE BEEN GRANTED. In the event that Lender fails 
to grant or withhold its approval to such Lease within such five (5) day 
period, then Lenders approval shall be deemed to have been granted. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender consent shall not be required in 
connection with (i) any Lease (or amendment, modification or termination 
thereof) that is not a Material Lease, (ii) renewals, expansions or 
extensions of any Lease (including a Material Lease) by a tenant that is a 
party to such lease as of the Closing Date so long as the rental terms are 
on market terms (or on terms contemplated in the Lease in place on the 
Closing Date or any new Lease entered into in accordance with this 
Agreement), (iii) any de minimis modifications of any Material Lease, (iv) 
a commercially reasonable termination of any Material Lease arising from a 
default by the tenant thereunder or (v) an assignment of any Lease by the 
tenant thereunder for which Borrower has a consent right which is not to be 
unreasonably withheld, pursuant to the terms of such Lease.

5.1.22 Alterations. Borrower or Operating Lessee, as applicable, shall 
obtain Lenders prior written consent to any alterations to any 
Improvements, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed 
except with respect to alterations that would be reasonably likely to have 
an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the applicable Individual Property 
or the
 
-96-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
applicable Individual Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lenders 
consent shall not be required in connection with any alterations to an 
Individual Property that (a) constitute Required Repairs, (b) upon 
completion of same, will not have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on 
the applicable Individual Property or the applicable Individual Borrower 
and provided that the cost thereof, when aggregated with the cost of all 
other alterations undertaken at such Individual Property in the applicable 
calendar year is less than four percent (4%) of the Release Amount for such 
Individual Property (the Threshold Amount), provided, that any amounts 
expended for alterations pursuant to clauses (a), (c)(ii), (c)(iii), and 
(d) through (g) of this Section 5.1.22 shall not be included toward the 
calculation of the aggregate annual costs of such alterations for purposes 
of the Threshold Amount, (c) are (i) specifically provided for in the 
Approved Annual Budget, (ii) a permitted variance for health, life and 
safety items under the Management Agreement or (iii) otherwise consented to 
by Lender and to be funded from the Reserve Funds or the Borrower Remainder 
Account (as defined in the Cash Management Agreement) in accordance with 
this Agreement, (d) constitute a tenant improvement required to be made 
under a Lease existing on the Closing Date or a Lease entered into after 
the Closing Date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (e) are 
performed in connection with the Restoration of such Individual Property 
undertaken in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, 
(f) are for Replacements if there are sufficient reserves on deposit in the 
Replacement Reserve Account (or the FF&E Concentration Account) to pay for 
such obligations, (g) constitute decorative work performed in the ordinary 
course of business that are paid out of the Manager Accounts for payment of 
FF&E costs, or (h) are required to be performed pursuant to the terms of 
the Management Agreement, provided that an Individual Borrower or an 
Individual Operating Lessee, as applicable, does not otherwise have a right 
to consent thereto pursuant to the related Management Agreement. If the 
total unpaid amounts due and payable with respect to alterations to the 
Improvements being conducted at any Individual Property (excluding 
alterations of the kind described in clauses (a), (c)(ii), (c)(iii), and 
(d) through (g) of the preceding sentence) shall at any time exceed four 
percent (4%) of the Release Amount for an Individual Property, Borrower 
shall promptly deliver to Lender as security for the payment of such 
amounts and as additional security for Borrowers obligations under the 
Loan Documents any of the following in any amount sufficient to cover the 
excess of the aggregate cost of such alterations over the applicable 
Threshold Amount (the Alterations Deposit): (A) cash, (B) U.S. 
Obligations, (C) other securities having a rating reasonably acceptable to 
Lender and, after a Securitization, that, at Lenders option, the 
applicable Approved Rating Agencies have provided a Rating Agency 
Confirmation with respect to such securities or (D) a Letter of Credit. The 
Alterations Deposit shall be disbursed from time to time by Lender to the 
applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee for 
completion of the alterations at the applicable Individual Property upon 
the satisfaction of the following conditions: (1) Borrower shall submit a 
request for payment to Lender at least five (5) Business Days prior to the 
date on which Borrower requests that such payment be made, which request 
for payment shall specify the alterations for which payment is requested, 
(2) on the date such request is received by Lender and on the date such 
payment is to be made, no Event of Default shall be continuing, and (3) 
such request shall be accompanied by an Officers Certificate (x) stating 
that the applicable portion of the alterations at the applicable Individual 
Property to be funded by the requested disbursement have been completed in 
good and workmanlike manner and in accordance with all applicable Legal 
Requirements, such Officers Certificate to be accompanied by copies of 
paid invoices or copies of invoices to be paid, and with respect to any 
invoices in excess of $25,000, copies of any
 
-97-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
licenses, permits or other approvals by any Governmental Authority required 
in connection with the applicable portion of the alterations, (y) 
identifying each contractor that supplied materials or labor in connection 
with the applicable portion of the alterations to be funded by the 
requested disbursement and (z) stating that, upon such disbursement, each 
such contractor has been paid or will have been paid in full for all 
amounts then due and owing to such contractor. Each Alterations Deposit 
shall be held by Lender in an interest-bearing account and, until disbursed 
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.1.22, shall constitute 
additional security for the Debt and other obligations under the Loan 
Documents. Upon the completion of the alterations in respect of which any 
Alteration Deposit is being held, Lender shall promptly return to Borrower 
any remaining portion of the Alterations Deposit upon the request of 
Borrower, provided that (1) on the date such request is received by Lender 
and on the date such disbursement is to be made, no Event of Default shall 
be continuing, and (2) such request shall be accompanied by an Officers 
Certificate stating that the alterations have been fully completed in good 
and workmanlike manner and in accordance with all applicable Legal 
Requirements, such Officers Certificate to be accompanied by copies of 
paid invoices or copies of invoices to be paid, as applicable, and, with 
respect to any invoices in excess of $25,000, copies of any licenses, 
permits or other approvals by any Governmental Authority required in 
connection with alterations (to the extent not received by Lender in 
connection with prior disbursement requests) and stating that each 
contractor providing services in connection with the alterations has been 
paid in full or will have been paid in full upon such disbursement.

5.1.23 Operation of Property. (a) Each Individual Borrower and the 
corresponding Individual Operating Lessee shall (and shall, if necessary, 
exercise its rights under the applicable Management Agreement to cause the 
applicable Manager to) cause the applicable Individual Property to be 
operated, in all material respects, in accordance with the applicable 
Management Agreement (or Replacement Management Agreement, as applicable) 
and in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements. In the event that 
a Management Agreement expires or is terminated (without limiting any 
obligation of Borrower or Operating Lessee to obtain Lenders consent to 
any termination or modification of any Management Agreement in accordance 
with the terms and provisions of this Agreement), the applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall promptly enter into a 
Replacement Management Agreement with the applicable Manager or another 
Qualified Manager.

(b) Each Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee, as 
applicable, shall: (i) promptly perform and/or observe, in all material 
respects, all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed and 
observed by it under any Management Agreement to which it is a party and do 
all things necessary to preserve and to keep unimpaired its material rights 
thereunder; (ii) promptly after they become aware, notify Lender of any 
material default under any such Management Agreement; (iii) promptly 
deliver to Lender a copy of each financial statement, business plan, 
capital expenditures plan, any material written notice, material written 
report and material written estimate received by it under any such 
Management Agreement; and (iv) enforce the performance and observance of 
all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed and/or 
observed by the applicable Manager under any such Management Agreement, in 
a commercially reasonable manner.

(c) Any Replacement Management Agreement shall be with a Qualified Manager 
and shall include rights to utilize such Qualified Managers (or its 
Affiliates)
 
-98-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
intellectual property for purposes of branding the Property unless the 
applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee enters into a 
franchise agreement reasonably acceptable to Lender on third-party market 
rate terms with a Qualified Manager. No Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee shall permit the applicable Manager or any Affiliate of 
HWHI to rebrand the applicable Individual Property to a lower category 
based on the annual chain scale published by Smith Travel Reports without 
the consent of Lender, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, 
conditioned or delayed. At no time shall any Individual Property be 
operated as an unbranded hotel.

5.1.24 Intentionally Omitted.

5.1.25 Embargoed Person. Borrower, Operating Lessee and Principal have 
performed and shall perform reasonable due diligence to insure that at all 
times throughout the term of the Loan, including after giving effect to any 
Transfers permitted pursuant to the Loan Documents, (a) none of the funds 
or other assets of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating 
Lessee, any Principal or Guarantor constitute property of, or are 
beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any Embargoed Person; (b) no 
Embargoed Person has any interest of any nature whatsoever in any 
Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal or 
Guarantor with the result that the investment in such Individual Borrower, 
such Individual Operating Lessee, such Principal or Guarantor, as 
applicable (whether directly or indirectly), is prohibited by law or the 
Loan is in violation of law; and (c) none of the funds of any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal or Guarantor have 
been derived from, or are the proceeds of, any unlawful activity, including 
money laundering, terrorism or terrorism activities, with the result that 
the investment in such Individual Borrower, such Individual Operating 
Lessee, such Principal or Guarantor, as applicable (whether directly or 
indirectly), is prohibited by law or the Loan is in violation of law, or 
may cause any Individual Property to be subject to forfeiture or seizure.

5.1.26 Intentionally Omitted.

5.1.27 Payment of Obligations. Each Individual Borrower will pay its 
respective obligations, including tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could 
result in an Aggregate Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become 
delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof 
is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) such 
Individual Borrower has set aside on its books adequate reserves with 
respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, as interpreted by the Uniform 
System of Accounts, or (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest 
could not reasonably be expected to result in an Aggregate Material Adverse 
Effect, and provided that the foregoing shall not require any partners, 
members, shareholders or other owners of any Individual Borrower to make 
additional capital contributions to such Individual Borrower.

5.1.28 Special Purpose Entity Covenants. (a) No Individual Borrower shall 
engage in any business other than acquiring, developing, owning, holding, 
selling, leasing, transferring, exchanging, managing and operating the 
applicable Individual Property, entering into and performing its 
obligations under the Loan Documents with Lender, refinancing the 
applicable Individual Property in connection with a permitted repayment of 
the Loan, and transacting lawful business that is incident, necessary and 
appropriate to accomplish the
 
-99-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
foregoing. No Individual Operating Lessee shall engage in any business 
other than leasing the applicable Individual Property pursuant to the 
applicable Operating Lease, owning personal property related thereto, 
managing and operating such Individual Property or engaging an eligible 
independent contractor to manage and operate such Individual Property, 
entering into and performing its obligations under the Loan Documents with 
Lender and transacting lawful business that is incident, necessary and 
appropriate to accomplish the foregoing. No Principal shall engage in any 
business other than acting as a general partner of the limited partnership 
that owns the related Individual Property or as member of the limited 
liability company that owns the related Individual Property and transacting 
lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish 
the foregoing.

(b) No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall have any 
Indebtedness other than (I) in the case of an Individual Borrower, the 
Loan, (II) Permitted Debt and (III) such other liabilities that it is 
expressly permitted to incur pursuant to this Agreement or as otherwise 
imposed by law, no Principal shall have any Indebtedness.

(c) Except pursuant to the applicable Operating Lease or Owner Agreement, 
no Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or Principal shall 
assume or guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other Person, 
shall not hold out its credit as being available to satisfy the obligations 
of any other Person and shall not pledge its assets to secure the 
obligations of any other Person, in each case except as permitted pursuant 
to this Agreement with respect to each other or as required by applicable 
law with respect to the liabilities of the limited partnership of which 
Principal is a general partner.

(d) Until the Debt has been paid or defeased in full, each of Borrower, 
Operating Lessee and Principal shall remain a Special Purpose Entity.

(e) Each Individual Borrower, Operating Lessee and Principal will comply 
with all of the stated facts and assumptions made with respect to it in any 
Insolvency Opinion or any Additional Insolvency Opinion. Each Affiliate of 
any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or Principal with 
respect to which an assumption is made or a fact stated in any Insolvency 
Opinion will comply with all of the assumptions made and facts stated with 
respect to it in any such Insolvency Opinion. Each Individual Borrower, 
Individual Operating Lessee and Principal covenants that, in connection 
with any Additional Insolvency Opinion delivered in connection with this 
Agreement, it shall provide an updated certification regarding compliance 
with the facts and assumptions made therein.

(f) Borrower, Operating Lessee or Principal shall provide Lender with five 
(5) Business Days written notice prior to the removal of an Independent 
Director of any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or 
Principal, and no Independent Director shall be removed other than for 
Cause.

5.1.29 Taxes. Each Individual Borrower will be treated as a partnership or 
a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Each Individual 
Borrower will timely file or cause to be filed all federal income and other 
material Section 2.7 Tax returns and reports required to be filed by it and 
will pay or cause to be paid all federal income and other material Taxes 
and related liabilities required to be paid by it, except Section 2.7 Taxes 
that are being
 
-100-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such 
Individual Borrower sets aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance 
with GAAP, as interpreted by the Uniform System of Accounts. No Individual 
Borrower will permit any Liens for Section 2.7 Taxes to be imposed on or 
with respect to any of its income or assets, other than Liens for Section 
2.7 Taxes not yet due or delinquent or which are contested in good faith by 
appropriate proceedings and for which Borrower sets aside on its books 
adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP, as interpreted by the Uniform 
System of Accounts.

5.1.30 Required Repairs. The applicable Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee shall perform the repairs at each Individual Property, as 
more particularly set forth on Schedule 5.1.30 hereto (such repairs 
hereinafter referred to as Required Repairs). The applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall complete each of the Required 
Repairs within the time frame set forth on Schedule 5.1.30 (collectively, 
the Required Repairs Deadline). It shall be an Event of Default if the 
applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee does not 
complete the Required Repairs at the applicable Individual Property on or 
before the Required Repairs Deadline; provided, however, if such applicable 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall have been unable 
to complete a Required Repair by the Required Repair Deadline, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts to do so and provided that the failure to 
complete such Required Repair does not endanger any tenant, patron or other 
occupant of the applicable Individual Property or the general public and 
does not materially and adversely affect the value of such Individual 
Property, the Required Repair Deadline shall be automatically extended 
solely as to such Required Repair to permit the applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee to complete such Required Repair so 
long as such applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
is at all times thereafter diligently and expeditiously proceeding to 
complete the same.

5.1.31 O&M Program. Borrower hereby represents and warrants that the 
operations and maintenance plan(s) described on Schedule 5.1.31 hereto (as 
the same may be amended, restated or replaced from time to time, each an 
O&M Program) are true and complete descriptions of the O&M Programs in 
place with respect to the Properties, and (b) the applicable Individual 
Borrower has as of the date hereof complied in all material respects with 
the applicable Individual Propertys O&M Program. During the term of the 
Loan, the applicable Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee 
shall comply in all material respects with the terms and conditions of its 
Individual Propertys O&M Program.

5.1.32 Material Property Agreements. Each Individual Borrower and 
Individual Operating Lessee shall at all times comply in all material 
respects with all Material Property Agreements to which it is a party or 
otherwise bound. Each Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee 
agrees that, without the prior written consent of Lender, such party will 
not amend, modify or terminate any of the Material Property Agreements to 
which it is a party or otherwise bound in any material and adverse respect.

5.1.33 Operating Lease. Borrower represents, covenants and warrants that it 
is the express intent of each Individual Borrower and the corresponding 
Individual Operating Lessee that the Operating Lease to which the same are 
a party constitute a lease under applicable real property laws and laws 
governing bankruptcy, insolvency and creditors rights generally, and that 
the sole interest of each such Individual Operating Lessee in the 
applicable Individual
 
-101-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property is as tenant under the applicable Operating Lease. In the event 
that it shall be determined that an Operating Lease is not a lease under 
applicable real property laws or under laws governing bankruptcy, 
insolvency and creditors rights generally, and that the interest of the 
applicable Individual Operating Lessee thereunder in the applicable 
Individual Property is other than that of tenant under an operating lease, 
Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that it shall cause such Individual 
Operating Lessees interest in the applicable Individual Property, however 
characterized, to continue to be subject and subordinate to the lien of the 
related Mortgage and subordinate to the applicable Individual Borrowers 
fee estate interest in the applicable Individual Property, on all the same 
terms and conditions as contained, respectively, in such Mortgage and such 
Operating Lease.

Section 5.2 Negative Covenants. From the Closing Date until payment and 
performance in full of all obligations of Borrower and Operating Lessee 
under the Loan Documents or the earlier release of the Liens of all 
Mortgages encumbering the Properties and any other collateral in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, each 
Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee hereby covenants and 
agrees with Lender that it will not do, or permit to be done, directly or 
indirectly, any of the following:

5.2.1 Operation of Property. (a) No Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee shall, without Lenders prior written consent (which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld): (i) surrender, terminate, or 
cancel any Management Agreement to which it is a party; provided, that such 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee may, without Lenders 
consent, (x) replace the Manager thereunder so long as the replacement 
manager is a Qualified Manager pursuant to a Replacement Management 
Agreement or (y) terminate such Management Agreement in connection with the 
Restructuring, provided that the Restructuring Conditions are satisfied 
prior to or concurrently therewith; (ii) reduce or consent to the reduction 
of the term of such Management Agreement; (iii) increase or consent to the 
increase of the amount of any charges or fees under such Management 
Agreement; or (iv) otherwise modify, change, supplement, alter or amend, or 
waive or release any of its rights and remedies under, such Management 
Agreement in any material adverse respect.

(b) Upon receipt of written notice from Lender of the occurrence of an 
Event of Default and thereafter during the continuance of such Event of 
Default, no Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
exercise any rights, make any material decisions, grant any material 
approvals or otherwise take any material action under any Management 
Agreement to which it is a party without the prior written consent of 
Lender, which consent may be granted, conditioned or withheld in Lenders 
sole discretion.

(c) Borrower and Operating Lessee shall use commercially reasonable efforts 
to cause any Manager Account to be an Eligible Account.

5.2.2 Liens. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any portion of any 
Individual Property or permit any such action to be taken, except for 
Permitted Encumbrances. Any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee, at its own expense, may contest, by appropriate legal proceeding, 
promptly initiated and conducted in good faith and with due diligence, any 
such Lien
 
-102-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
on any portion of any Individual Property, provided that (i) no Default or 
Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured; (ii) such proceeding 
shall be permitted under and be conducted in accordance with the provisions 
of any other instrument to which such Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee is subject and shall not constitute a default thereunder 
and such proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable 
statutes, laws and ordinances; (iii) neither the applicable Individual 
Property nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in danger of 
being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled or lost during the pendency 
thereof; (iv) such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
promptly upon final determination thereof pay any amounts that secure such 
Lien, together with all costs, interest and penalties which may be payable 
in connection therewith; (v) such proceeding shall suspend the collection 
of the amounts secured by such Lien from the applicable Individual Property 
during the pendency thereof; (vi) such Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee shall furnish such security as may be required in the 
proceeding, or as may be reasonably requested by Lender, to insure the 
payment of any such amounts secured by such Lien, together with all 
interest and penalties thereon; and (vii) such Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee shall deliver written notice of such contest to 
Lender. Lender may pay over any such cash deposit or part thereof held by 
Lender to the claimant entitled thereto at any time when, in the reasonable 
judgment of Lender, the entitlement of such claimant is established or the 
applicable Individual Property (or part thereof or interest therein) shall 
be in imminent danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled or 
lost or there shall be any danger of the Lien of any Mortgage being primed 
by any related Lien.

5.2.3 Dissolution. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
shall (a) engage in any dissolution, liquidation or consolidation or merger 
with or into any other business entity, (b) engage in any business activity 
not related to the ownership or leasing (as applicable) and operation of 
the applicable Individual Property, (c) transfer, lease or sell, in one 
transaction or any combination of transactions, all or substantially all of 
its properties or assets of except to the extent permitted by the Loan 
Documents, (d) modify or amend in any material respect, waive or terminate 
its Organizational Documents or its qualification and good standing in any 
jurisdiction, in each case, without obtaining the prior written consent of 
Lender or Lenders designee or (e) cause any Principal with respect to it 
to (i) dissolve, wind up or liquidate or take any action, or omit to take 
an action, as a result of which such Principal would be dissolved, wound up 
or liquidated in whole or in part, or (ii) amend, modify, waive or 
terminate the organizational documents of such Principal, in each case, 
without obtaining the prior written consent of Lender or Lenders designee.

5.2.4 Change in Business. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall enter into any line of business other than the ownership or 
leasing (as applicable), management, maintenance and operation of the 
applicable Individual Property (and any ancillary business related to such 
ownership or leasing (as applicable), management, maintenance and 
operation), or make any material change in the scope or nature of its 
business objectives, purposes or operations, or undertake or participate in 
activities other than the continuance of its present business. Nothing 
contained in this Section 5.2.4 is intended to expand the rights of 
Borrower contained in Section 5.2.10 hereof, and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the rights of Borrower to effectuate Transfers is governed solely by 
Section 5.2.10 hereof.
 
-103-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.2.5 Debt Cancellation. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall cancel or otherwise forgive or release any claim or debt which 
is in excess of $100,000 (other than termination of Leases in accordance 
herewith or the forgiveness in the ordinary course of such Individual 
Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees business of Rent in arrears in 
connection with a settlement with a Tenant under a Lease, provided that in 
the case of a Material Lease, the amount of Rent so forgiven is less than 
the aggregate amount of two (2) months basic Rent under such Material 
Lease) owed to such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee by 
any Person, except for adequate consideration and in the ordinary course of 
such Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees business.

5.2.6 Zoning. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
initiate or consent to any zoning reclassification of any portion of any 
Individual Property or seek any variance under any existing zoning 
ordinance or use or permit the use of any portion of any Individual 
Property in any manner that could result in such use becoming a 
non-conforming use under any zoning ordinance or any other applicable land 
use law, rule or regulation, without the prior written consent of Lender.

5.2.7 No Joint Assessment. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall suffer, permit or initiate the joint assessment of any 
Individual Property (a) with any other real property constituting a tax lot 
separate from such Individual Property, and (b) which constitutes real 
property with any portion of such Individual Property which may be deemed 
to constitute personal property, or any other procedure whereby the lien of 
any taxes which may be levied against such personal property shall be 
assessed or levied or charged to such real property portion of such 
Individual Property.

5.2.8 Intentionally Omitted.

5.2.9 ERISA. (a) Assuming compliance by the Lender with paragraph (d) of 
this Section 5.2.9, neither Individual Borrower shall engage in any 
transactions contemplated under this Agreement which would cause any 
obligation, or action taken or to be taken, hereunder (or the exercise by 
Lender of any of its rights under the Note, this Agreement or the other 
Loan Documents) to be a non-exempt (under a statutory or administrative 
class exemption) prohibited transaction under Section 406(a) of ERISA.

(b) Intentionally omitted.

(c) Borrower further covenants and agrees if any employee benefit plan, 
whether or not subject to Title I of ERISA, holds an equity investment in 
any Individual Borrower or Guarantor, Borrower shall deliver to Lender such 
certifications, from time to time throughout the term of the Loan, as 
requested by Lender in its sole discretion, but not more frequently than 
once per calendar year, and on no less than thirty (30) Business Days 
advance written notice (but in no event shall Borrowers failure to perform 
this Section 5.2.9(c) constitute an Event of Default), that no Individual 
Borrower is subject to any state statutes regulating investments and 
fiduciary obligations with respect to governmental plans and that one or 
more of the following circumstances with respect to each Individual 
Borrower is true:

(i) Equity interests in each Individual Borrower or such Individual 
Borrowers applicable corporate parent are publicly offered securities, 
within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101(b)(2);
 
-104-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) Less than twenty-five percent (25%) of each outstanding class of 
equity interests in each Individual Borrower or such Individual Borrowers 
applicable corporate parent are held by benefit plan investors within the 
meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101(b)(2), as modified by Section 3(42) of 
ERISA; or

(iii) each Individual Borrower or such Individual Borrowers applicable 
corporate parent qualifies as an operating company or a real estate 
operating company within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101(c) or (e) or 
another exception to ERISA applies such that each such Individual 
Borrowers assets or such Individual Borrowers applicable corporate 
parents assets should not constitute plan assets of any benefit plan 
investor within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations 
promulgated thereunder.

(d) Lender represents and warrants that, throughout the term of the Loan, 
no portion of the assets used by any Lender in connection with the 
transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
constitutes assets of a (i) benefit plan investor within the meaning of 
the Plan Asset Regulations unless the applicable Lender is relying on an 
available prohibited transaction exemption, all of the conditions of which 
are and continue to be satisfied or (ii) governmental plan (as defined in 
Section 3(32) of ERISA) which is subject to any provision which is 
substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 
406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Applicable Similar Law), unless 
the acquisition and holding of the Loan or any interest therein will not 
give rise to a violation of any such Applicable Similar Law.

(e) Borrower, Operating Lessee and Guarantor will fund or cause to be 
funded any Plan established or maintained by Borrower, Operating Lessee, 
Guarantor, or any ERISA Affiliate, as the case may be, in amounts necessary 
to satisfy the applicable minimum funding standards, within the meaning of 
Sections 412 or 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA 
(whether or not such standards are waived). As soon as possible and in any 
event within ten (10) days after Borrower or Operating Lessee knows that 
any ERISA Event has occurred with respect to any Plan, Lender will be 
provided with a statement, signed by an Authorized Representative of 
Borrower, Operating Lessee and/or Guarantor, describing said ERISA Event 
and the action which Borrower, Operating Lessee and/or Guarantor proposes 
to take with respect thereto.

5.2.10 Transfers. (a) Each Individual Borrower and Individual Operating 
Lessee acknowledges that Lender has examined and relied on the experience 
of each such Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee and their 
respective stockholders, general partners, members, principals and (if any 
such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is a trust) 
beneficial owners in owning and operating properties such as the Properties 
in agreeing to make the Loan, and will continue to rely on each Individual 
Borrowers ownership of the respective Individual Property as a means of 
maintaining the value of the Properties as security for repayment of the 
Debt and the performance of the Other Obligations. Borrower
 
-105-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
acknowledges that Lender has a valid interest in maintaining the value of 
the Properties so as to ensure that, should Borrower default in the 
repayment of the Debt or the performance of the Other Obligations, Lender 
can recover the Debt by a sale of the Properties.

(b) Without the prior written consent of Lender, Borrower and Operating 
Lessee shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Party to do any of 
the following (collectively, a Transfer): (i) sell, convey, mortgage, 
grant, bargain, encumber, pledge, assign, grant options with respect to, or 
otherwise transfer or dispose of (directly or indirectly, voluntarily or 
involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, and whether or not for 
consideration or of record) the Properties or any part thereof or any legal 
or beneficial interest therein or (ii) permit a Sale or Pledge of an 
interest in any Restricted Party, in each case, other than any Transfer 
which constitutes a Permitted Transfer.

(c) A Transfer shall include, but not be limited to, (i) an installment 
sales agreement wherein any Individual Borrower agrees to sell the 
applicable Individual Property or any part thereof for a price to be paid 
in installments; (ii) an agreement by any Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee leasing all or a substantial part of any Individual 
Property for other than actual occupancy by a space Tenant thereunder or a 
sale, assignment or other transfer of, or the grant of a security interest 
in, any Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees right, title 
and interest in and to any Leases or any Rents; (iii) if a Restricted Party 
is a corporation, any merger, consolidation or Sale or Pledge of such 
corporations stock or the creation or issuance of new stock; (iv) if a 
Restricted Party is a limited or general partnership or joint venture, any 
merger or consolidation or the change, removal, resignation or addition of 
a general partner or the Sale or Pledge of the partnership interest of any 
general partner or any profits or proceeds relating to such partnership 
interest, or the Sale or Pledge of limited partnership interests or any 
profits or proceeds relating to such limited partnership interest or the 
creation or issuance of new limited partnership interests; (v) if a 
Restricted Party is a limited liability company, any merger or 
consolidation or the change, removal, resignation or addition of a managing 
member or non-member manager (or if no managing member, any member) or the 
Sale or Pledge of the membership interest of a managing member (or if no 
managing member, any member) or any profits or proceeds relating to such 
membership interest, or the Sale or Pledge of non-managing membership 
interests or the creation or issuance of new non-managing membership 
interests or (vi) if a Restricted Party is a trust or nominee trust, any 
merger, consolidation or the Sale or Pledge of the legal or beneficial 
interest in a Restricted Party or the creation or issuance of new legal or 
beneficial interests.

(d) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.2.10, the following 
shall not be deemed to be a Transfer (and, as such, may be consummated 
without the prior consent of Lender, any Rating Agency Confirmation (other 
than, with respect to subsection (i) below, as set forth in the 
Restructuring Conditions) or the payment of any fee in connection 
therewith, but subject to the satisfaction of any conditions and 
requirements expressly set forth herein with respect thereto):

(i) The Restructuring, provided that the Restructuring Conditions are 
satisfied prior to or substantially concurrently therewith or Borrower 
otherwise receives the consent of Lender and a Rating Agency Confirmation.
 
-106-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) The Sale or Pledge, in one or a series of transactions, of the direct 
or indirect equity interests in Borrower or any other Restricted Party; 
provided, that, (A) after giving effect to such Sale or Pledge, Guarantor 
shall (x) own not less than fifty and one tenths percent (50.1%) of the 
economic and direct or indirect legal and beneficial interests in each 
Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee (on a look-through 
basis) and (y) Control each Individual Borrower and each Individual 
Operating Lessee, (B) upon the written request of Lender, Borrower shall 
deliver to Lender notice of each Sale or Pledge described in this Section 
5.2.10(d)(ii) not less than ten (10) days following such request, (C) no 
Sale or Pledge of any direct equity interest in any Individual Borrower, 
any Individual Operating Lessee or any Principal shall be permitted, (D) no 
pledge of any direct equity interest of any Restricted Party that is not an 
Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or Principal (such 
entities being subject to the prohibition set forth in the foregoing 
clause (C)) shall be permitted unless such Restricted Party has material 
other assets (including equity interests owned by such Restricted Party 
directly and/or through its subsidiaries) that are in addition to its 
direct or indirect ownership interests in any Individual Borrower, any 
Individual Operating Lessee or any Principal (i.e., no such pledge shall be 
permitted unless the Restricted Party being pledged directly or indirectly 
owns material assets in excess of its indirect interests in the 
Properties), (E) after giving effect to such Sale or Pledge, each 
Individual Borrower and each Individual Operating Lessee shall continue to 
be a Special Purpose Entity, and (F) the proposed transferee(s) in 
connection with such Sale or Pledge shall satisfy Lenders then current 
know your customer requirements (provided that such requirement shall be 
applied consistent with the requirements that are then applied by Lender to 
all prospective borrowers of similar size and type and relating to similar 
transactions) and Lender shall have received Satisfactory Search Results 
with respect to each such proposed transferee (and owners of its direct or 
indirect equity interests) which will own, following the consummation of 
the Sale or Pledge, a ten percent (10%) or greater equity interest 
(directly or indirectly) in any Individual Borrower or any Individual 
Operating Lessee after giving effect to such Transfer. If after giving 
effect to any such Sale or Pledge, more than forty-nine percent (49%) in 
the aggregate of direct or indirect interests in a Restricted Party are 
owned by any Person and its Affiliates that owned less than forty-nine 
percent (49%) direct or indirect interest in such Restricted Party as of 
the Closing Date, Borrower shall deliver to Lender an Additional Insolvency 
Opinion.

(iii) Any Sale or Pledge of any direct or indirect legal or beneficial 
ownership interest in any Excluded Entity.

(e) No Transfer of any Individual Property or any portion thereof or any 
direct or indirect legal or beneficial direct or indirect interest in any 
Individual Borrower or any Individual Operating Lessee (in each case, other 
than a Permitted Transfer) shall occur during the period that is one 
hundred twenty (120) days prior to, and sixty (60) days after, a 
Securitization. After such period and without limitation to the right to 
consummate any Permitted Transfer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall 
not be governed or restricted by this Section 5.2.10(e)), a Transfer of (a) 
the Properties or (b) all of the direct interests in Borrower and Operating 
Lessee (unless the Operating Leases are terminated in connection with such 
Transfer), or, if applicable to any Individual Borrower or any Individual 
Operating Lessee, the related Principal, including any such Transfer 
effectuated pursuant to a merger (any Transfer
 
-107-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
referenced in the foregoing clause (a) or clause (b), a Permitted 
Assumption), shall be permitted without Lenders consent, provided that 
Lender receives not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice of 
such Permitted Assumption and no Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing at the time such Permitted Assumption is consummated, and 
further provided that the following additional requirements are satisfied:

(i) Borrower shall pay Lender a transfer fee equal to $250,000.00;

(ii) Borrower shall pay any and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred 
by Lender in connection with such Permitted Assumption (including, without 
limitation, Lenders reasonable counsel fees and disbursements and all 
recording fees, title insurance premiums and mortgage and intangible taxes 
and the fees and expenses of the Approved Rating Agencies);

(iii) Each proposed transferee (individually and/or collectively, as the 
context may dictate, the Transferee) must be (A) a Qualified Transferee 
or (B) at least fifty-one percent (51%) owned (directly or indirectly) and 
Controlled by a Qualified Transferee;

(iv) With respect to a Transfer of the Properties rather than by Transfer 
of the legal or beneficial direct or indirect interest in Borrower and 
Operating Lessee (unless the Operating Leases are terminated in connection 
with such Transfer), if applicable, the Transferee to which the Properties 
are conveyed shall assume all of the obligations of Borrower and Operating 
Lessee (unless the Operating Leases are terminated in connection therewith) 
under the Loan Documents in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Lender, 
including, without limitation, by entering into an assumption agreement in 
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender;

(v) The Transferee and the Transferees principals that Control the 
Transferee (the Related Entities) must be able to satisfy all the 
representations and covenants set forth in Sections 4.1.35, 5.1.25 and 
5.2.9 of this Agreement, and the Transferee and the Related Entities shall 
deliver (A) all organizational documentation reasonably requested by 
Lender, which shall be reasonably satisfactory to Lender and, following a 
Securitization, satisfactory to the Approved Rating Agencies, and (B) all 
certificates and agreements necessary to evidence the Permitted Assumption 
and a due authority, execution and enforceability opinion reasonably 
acceptable to Lender;

(vi) The Transferee and each owner of an equity interest (directly or 
indirectly) in the Transferee which will, following the consummation of the 
Permitted Assumption, own a ten percent (10%) or greater equity interest 
(directly or indirectly) in any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee (unless the applicable Operating Lease is terminated in connection 
with such Permitted Assumption) shall satisfy Lenders then current know 
your customer requirements (provided that such requirement shall be 
applied consistent with the requirements that are then applied by Lender to 
all prospective borrowers of similar size and type and relating to similar 
transactions) and Lender shall have received Satisfactory Search Results 
with respect to Transferee (and owners of its direct or indirect equity 
interests) which will own, following the
 
-108-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
consummation of the Permitted Assumption, a ten percent (10%) or greater 
equity interest (directly or indirectly) in any Individual Borrower or any 
Individual Operating Lessee (unless the applicable Operating Lease is 
terminated in connection with such Permitted Assumption) after giving 
effect to such Permitted Assumption;

(vii) Borrower or Transferee, at its sole cost and expense, shall deliver 
to Lender an Additional Insolvency Opinion reflecting such Transfer;

(viii) There shall be no material litigation relating to the 
creditworthiness of the Transferee or any Related Entity or any regulatory 
action pending against Transferee or any Related Entities, in each case, 
which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the 
financial condition of such Transferee or such Related Entity;

(ix) If, in connection with the Permitted Assumption, Guarantor no longer 
owns a direct or indirect interest in any Individual Borrower or any 
Individual Operating Lessee (unless the Operating Leases are terminated in 
connection with such Transfer), one (1) or more Qualified Transferees (as 
applicable, the Replacement Guarantor) shall have assumed all of the 
liabilities and obligations of Guarantor arising under the Guaranty after 
the date of such Transfer (but not any which may have accrued prior 
thereto) or execute a Replacement Guaranty;

(x) If the Permitted Assumption is accomplished by deed or conveyance of 
the Properties rather than by a Transfer of the legal or beneficial direct 
or indirect interest in Borrower and Operating Lessee (unless the Operating 
Leases are terminated in connection with such Transfer), if applicable, 
Borrower shall deliver, at its sole cost and expense, an endorsement to 
each Title Insurance Policy, as modified by the assumption agreement, as a 
valid first lien on the applicable Individual Property and naming the 
applicable Transferee as owner of the applicable Individual Property, which 
endorsement shall insure that, as of the date of the recording of the 
assumption agreement, the applicable Individual Property shall not be 
subject to any additional exceptions or liens other than those contained in 
the relevant Title Insurance Policy and any other Permitted Encumbrances;

(xi) The receipt by Lender of a Rating Agency Confirmation with respect to 
such Permitted Assumption; and

(xii) Each Individual Property shall be managed by a Qualified Manager 
pursuant to a Management Agreement.

Immediately upon a Transfer of the Properties and the satisfaction of all 
of the above requirements, Borrower and Operating Lessee shall be released 
from all liability under this Agreement, the Note, the Mortgage and the 
other Loan Documents for acts or omissions occurring after such Transfer. 
The foregoing release shall be effective upon the date such Permitted 
Assumption is consummated, but Lender agrees to provide written evidence 
thereof reasonably requested by Borrower.

(f) In the case of a Transfer that is a Permitted Assumption pursuant to 
Section 5.2.10(e) , Guarantor shall be released from the Guaranty for all 
liability arising after the
 
-109-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
date of such Transfer upon (i) an assumption of the Guaranty by the 
Replacement Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.2.10(e)(ix) or (ii) the 
execution by the Replacement Guarantor of a replacement guaranty, in form 
and substance that is the same as the Guaranty, covering all liability 
arising after the date of such Transfer (but not any which may have accrued 
prior thereto) (a Replacement Guaranty).

(g) Lender shall not be required to demonstrate any actual impairment of 
its security or any increased risk of default hereunder in order to declare 
the Debt immediately due and payable upon the consummation of any Transfer 
in violation of this Section 5.2.10. This provision shall apply to every 
Transfer regardless of whether voluntary or not, or whether or not Lender 
has consented to any previous Transfer.

5.2.11 Intentionally Omitted.

5.2.12 Intentionally Omitted.

5.2.13 Affiliate Transactions. None of Individual Borrower, Individual 
Operating Lessee or Principal may enter into or be a party to, and will not 
enter into or be a party to, any transaction with its partners, members, 
shareholders or Affiliates except in the ordinary course of its business 
and on terms which are commercially reasonable and are no less favorable to 
it than would be obtained in a comparable arms length transaction with an 
unrelated third party. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in the foregoing 
shall be deemed to apply to Transfers between Affiliates of any direct or 
indirect ownership interest in any Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee, which Transfers shall governed solely by Section 5.2.10.

5.2.14 Operating Lease. Without Lenders prior written consent, no 
Individual Borrower and/or the corresponding Individual Operating Lessee 
shall (a) surrender, terminate or cancel the Operating Lease to which it is 
a party, (b) release any of its respective material rights and remedies 
under such Operating Lease if the same would have an Individual Material 
Adverse Effect on the applicable Individual Property or the applicable 
Individual Borrower, (c) modify, change, supplement, alter or amend such 
Operating Lease if the same would have, or reasonably be expected to have, 
an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the applicable Individual Property 
or the applicable Individual Borrower or Aggregate Material Adverse Effect 
or (d) waive, excuse, condone or in any way release or discharge the other 
party of or from its material obligations, covenants and/or conditions 
under such Operating Lease if the same would have an Individual Material 
Adverse Effect on the applicable Individual Property or the applicable 
Individual Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this 
Section 5.2.14 to the contrary, an Operating Lease may be amended by the 
Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lease that are party thereto, 
without Lenders prior written consent, upon the release of the applicable 
Individual Property pursuant to Section 2.5.2 or Section 2.5.3 hereof to 
(x) terminate the Operating Lease with respect to such Individual Property 
being released and (y) reduce the amount of Minimum Rent (as defined in the 
Operating Lease) by the amount of Minimum Rent allocable to such Individual 
Property as set forth in such Operating Lease.
 
-110-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VI

INSURANCE; CASUALTY; CONDEMNATION

Section 6.1 Insurance. (a) An Individual Borrower or an Individual 
Operating Lessee shall obtain and maintain, or cause to be maintained, 
insurance for Borrower, Operating Lessee and the Properties providing at 
least the following coverages:

(i) comprehensive all risk special form insurance including, but not 
limited to, loss caused by any type of windstorm or hail, on the 
Improvements and the Personal Property, (A) in an amount equal to one 
hundred percent (100%) of the Full Replacement Cost, which for purposes 
of this Agreement shall mean actual replacement value (exclusive of costs 
of excavations, foundations, underground utilities and footings) with a 
waiver of depreciation; (B) waiving all co-insurance provisions or to be 
written on a no co-insurance form; (C) providing no deductible greater than 
$500,000 per occurrence; the applicable Individual Borrower and/or 
Individual Operating Lessee may utilize a $5,000,000 aggregate deductible 
(basket aggregate) in conjunction with a per occurrence deductible which 
will not exceed $500,000 per occurrence except with respect to flood, 
windstorm and earthquake coverage, providing for a deductible not to exceed 
five percent (5%) of the total insurable value of the Property (the Base 
Deductible), subject to a $1,000,000 minimum; provided, however, that the 
applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee shall be 
permitted to maintain a maximum deductible with respect to flood, windstorm 
and earthquake coverage of fifteen percent (15%) of the total insurable 
value of the Property (the Increased Deductible) if Guarantor delivers 
the Deductible Guaranty, guaranteeing any failure by the applicable 
Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee to pay its 
obligations (the Guaranteed Excess Deductible Obligations) actually 
incurred with respect to that portion of the Increased Deductible which 
exceeds the Base Deductible and not otherwise insured by a third-party 
provider (such difference, the Excess Deductible); and (D) if any of the 
Improvements or the use of the Individual Property shall at any time 
constitute legal non-conforming structures or uses, coverage for loss to 
the undamaged portion in an amount equal to the Full Replacement Cost for 
the undamaged portion and for coverage for demolition costs and coverage 
for increased costs of construction provide a combined minimum limit of 
$250,000,000 for the Individual Property known as Hilton San Francisco and 
$100,000,000 for the Individual Property known as Parc 55. In addition, the 
applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
obtain: (y) flood insurance, including tsunami, in amounts acceptable to 
Lender, except for any Individual Property where any portion of the 
Improvements is currently or at any time in the future located in a 
federally designated special flood hazard area, flood insurance in an 
amount equal to the maximum amount of such insurance available under the 
National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 
1973 or the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, as each may be 
amended. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the limits provided 
with respect to flood are eroded by five percent (5%) or more due to 
claims, the applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall reinstate the available flood limits within ninety (90) days 
to the limits in place as of the Closing Date, and (z) earthquake 
insurance, including earth movement due to volcanic eruption, in an amount 
equal to the aggregate exceedance
 
-111-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
probability gross loss estimates as indicated in a portfolio seismic risk 
analysis for a 475-year return period for all high risk locations insured 
by such insurance, including the Properties (such analysis to be approved 
by Lender and Rating Agencies and secured by the applicable Individual 
Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee using the most current RMS 
software, or its equivalent, to include consideration of loss 
amplification, at the expense of the applicable Individual Borrower and/or 
Individual Operating Lessee); provided that the insurance pursuant to 
clauses (y) and (z) hereof shall be on terms consistent with the 
comprehensive all risk insurance policy required under this subsection (i)
. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Rating Agency approval, the 
applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee shall be 
permitted to provide coverage for named windstorm in an amount equal to the 
1,000-year Probable Maximum Loss as indicated in a risk analysis for all 
high risk locations under the Policy (such analysis to be approved by 
Lender and Rating Agencies and secured by the applicable Individual 
Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee utilizing a third-party 
engineering firm qualified to perform such risk analysis using the most 
current RMS software, or its equivalent, to include consideration of storm 
surge and loss amplification, at the expense of the applicable Individual 
Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee). The risk analyses for 
earthquake and windstorm required pursuant to this subsection (i) shall be 
referred to herein individually as an Acceptable Risk Analysis and 
collectively as Acceptable Risk Analyses;

(ii) business income or rental loss insurance (A) with loss payable to 
Lender; (B) covering all risks required to be covered by the insurance 
provided for in subsection (i) above; (C) in an amount equal to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the projected gross revenues from the operation of the 
Properties (as reduced to reflect expenses not incurred during a period of 
Restoration) on an actual loss sustained basis for the entire period of 
Restoration or for a twenty-four (24) month period of indemnity; and (D) 
containing an extended period of indemnity endorsement which provides that 
after the physical loss to the Improvements and Personal Property has been 
repaired, the continued loss of income will be insured until such income 
either returns to the same level it was at prior to the loss, or the 
expiration of six (6) months from the date that the applicable Individual 
Property is repaired or replaced and operations are resumed, whichever 
first occurs, and notwithstanding that the policy may expire prior to the 
end of such period. The amount of such business income or rental loss 
insurance shall be determined prior to the date hereof and at least once 
each year thereafter based on the applicable Individual Borrowers and/or 
Individual Operating Lessees reasonable estimate of the gross revenues 
from each Individual Property (as reduced to reflect expenses not incurred 
during a period of Restoration) for the succeeding twelve (12) month 
period. All proceeds payable to Lender pursuant to this subsection shall be 
held by Lender and nothing herein contained shall be deemed to relieve 
Borrower of its obligations to pay the obligations secured by the Loan 
Documents on the respective dates of payment provided for in this Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents except to the extent such amounts are actually 
paid out of the proceeds of such business income insurance;

(iii) at all times during which structural construction, repairs or 
alterations are being made with respect to the Improvements, and only if 
the Individual Property
 
-112-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
coverage form does not otherwise apply, (A) owners contingent or 
protective liability insurance (or an equivalent) covering claims not 
covered by or under the terms or provisions of the below mentioned 
commercial general liability insurance policy and (B) the insurance 
provided for in subsection (i) above written in a so called builders risk 
completed value form (1) on a non-reporting basis, (2) against all risks 
insured against pursuant to subsection (i) above, (3) including permission 
to occupy the Individual Property and (4) with an agreed amount endorsement 
waiving co insurance provisions;

(iv) comprehensive boiler and machinery insurance, if steam boilers or 
other pressure fixed vessels are in operation, in an amount not less than 
$50,000,000 on terms consistent with the commercial property insurance 
policy required under subsection (i) above;

(v) commercial general liability insurance against claims for personal 
injury, bodily injury, death or property damage occurring upon, in or about 
the Individual Property, such insurance (A) to be on the so called 
occurrence form with a combined limit of not less than $1,500,000.00 in 
the aggregate and $1,000,000.00 per occurrence; including a self-insured 
retention of not greater than $500,000.00; (B) to continue at not less than 
the aforesaid limit until required to be changed by Lender in writing by 
reason of changed economic conditions making such protection inadequate and 
(C) to cover at least the following hazards: (1) premises and operations; 
(2) products and completed operations on an if any basis; (3) independent 
contractors; (4) contractual liability for all insured contracts and (5) 
contractual liability covering the indemnities contained in Section 9 of 
the Mortgages to the extent the same is insurable;

(vi) if applicable, automobile liability coverage for all owned and 
non-owned vehicles, including rented and leased vehicles containing minimum 
limits per occurrence of $1,000,000.00;

(vii) if applicable, workers compensation and employers liability subject 
to the workers compensation laws of the applicable state;

(viii) umbrella/excess liability insurance in an amount not less than 
$100,000,000.00 per occurrence and in the aggregate on terms consistent 
with the commercial general liability insurance policy required under 
subsection (v) above, including, but not limited to, supplemental coverage 
for employers liability, liquor liability and automobile liability, which 
umbrella liability coverage shall apply in excess of such supplemental 
coverage;

(ix) the insurance required under this Section 6.1(a)(i), (ii), (v) and 
(viii) above shall include Terrorism Coverage or, if excluded from the 
policies required above, coverage for the peril of terrorism and acts of 
terrorism shall be provided through a separate policy acceptable to Lender 
and the applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee 
shall maintain insurance for loss resulting from perils and acts of 
terrorism on terms (including amounts) consistent with those required under 
Section 6.1(a)(i), (ii), (v) and (viii) above at all times during the term 
of the Loan. For so long as TRIPRA or a subsequent statute, extension or 
reauthorization thereof, is in effect
 
-113-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and continues to cover both foreign and domestic acts, Lender shall accept 
terrorism insurance with coverage against acts which are certified within 
the meaning of TRIPRA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount of 
terrorism coverage that shall be required for the Policies required in 
Section 6.1(a)(i) and (ii) above shall be in an amount equal to the lesser 
of (1) the amounts required for the Properties pursuant to Section 
6.1(a)(i) and (ii) and (2) $1,100,000,000, but in no event less than the 
original principal amount of the Loan. If (A) TRIPRA or a similar or 
subsequent statute, extension or reauthorization thereof is not in effect, 
(B) TRIPRA or a similar or subsequent statute, extension or reauthorization 
is modified which results in a material increase in terrorism insurance 
premiums, or (C) there is a disruption in the terrorism insurance 
marketplace as the result of a terrorism event which results in a material 
increase in terrorism insurance premiums for properties located in the 
United States, then provided that terrorism insurance is commercially 
available, the applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall be required to carry terrorism insurance throughout the term 
of the Loan as required by the preceding sentence, but in such event the 
applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee shall not 
be required to spend on terrorism insurance coverage more than two times 
the amount of the insurance premium that is payable at such time in respect 
of the property and business interruption/rental loss insurance required 
hereunder (without giving effect to the cost of the terrorism, earthquake 
and windstorm components of such casualty and business interruption/rental 
loss insurance), and if the cost of terrorism insurance exceeds such 
amount, the applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall purchase the maximum amount of terrorism insurance available 
with funds equal to such amount;

(x) Employment Practices Liability, including third party coverage, in an 
amount not less than $5,000,000:

(xi) Crime coverage in amounts not less than $5,000,000;

(xii) Liquor Liability in amounts not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence 
and to be included in the umbrella/excess liability insurance required in 
subsection (viii) above;

(xiii) environmental insurance against claims for pollution and remediation 
legal liability related to each Individual Property (PLL Policy) as 
follows: (A) to be a claims made and reported policy for an initial term of 
nine years; (B) with limits of liability of $10,000,000 for each Pollution 
Condition and $25,000,000 in the aggregate; (C) with a self-insured 
retention amount of $50,000 for each Pollution Condition; (D) shall name 
the Lender as an additional named insured per Mortgagee Assignment 
endorsements providing automatic rights of assignment in the event of 
defaults; (E) the applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual 
Operating Lessee shall not be permitted to add any additional locations 
during the PLL Policy term; and (F) shall, throughout the PLL Policy term, 
include the same coverages, terms, conditions and endorsements (and shall 
not be amended in any way without the prior written consent of Lender) as 
the PLL Policy approved as of the Closing Date; and
 
-114-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xiv) upon sixty (60) days written notice, such other reasonable insurance 
and in such reasonable amounts as Lender from time to time may reasonably 
request against such other insurable hazards which at the time are commonly 
insured against for property similar to the Individual Property located in 
or around the region in which the Individual Property is located.

(b) All insurance provided for in Section 6.1(a) hereof, shall be obtained 
under valid and enforceable policies (collectively, the Policies or in 
the singular, the Policy), and shall be subject to the approval of Lender 
as to insurance companies, amounts, deductibles, loss payees and insureds. 
The Policies shall be issued by financially sound and responsible insurance 
companies having a rating of (1) A or better (or its equivalent) by S&P, 
Fitch (if Fitch is rating the Securitization and is rating the insurance 
company) and Moodys (if Moodys is rating the Securitization and is rating 
the insurance company) provided, however, that if the applicable Individual 
Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee elects to have its insurance 
coverage provided by a syndicate of insurers, then, if such syndicate 
consists of five (5) or more members, (A) at least sixty percent (60%) of 
the insurance coverage (or seventy-five percent (75%) if such syndicate 
consists of four (4) or fewer members) and one hundred percent (100%) of 
the first layer of insurance coverage shall be provided by insurance 
companies having a claims paying ability rating of A or better (or its 
equivalent) by S&P, Fitch (if Fitch is rating the Securitization and is 
rating the insurance company) and Moodys (if Moodys is rating the 
Securitization and is rating the insurance company) and (B) the remaining 
forty percent (40%) of the insurance coverage (or the remaining twenty-five 
percent (25%) if such syndicate consists of four (4) or fewer members) 
shall be provided by insurance companies having a claims paying ability 
rating of BBB+ or better (or its equivalent) by S&P, Fitch (if Fitch is 
rating the Securitization and is rating the insurance company) and Moodys 
(if Moodys is rating the Securitization and is rating the insurance 
company) and (2) A VIII or better by AM Best. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Borrower shall be permitted to maintain a portion of the 
coverage with United Specialty Insurance Company (United) in their 
current participation amounts and positions within the syndicate provided 
that Borrower obtains reinsurance with a cut-through endorsement, 
acceptable to Lender and the Rating Agencies, with respect to any Otherwise 
Rated Insurer from an insurance company which shall be rated at least A 
with S&P and A2 with Moodys, to the extent Moodys rates the Securities 
and rates the applicable insurance company, or such higher rating as may be 
required by a Rating Agency, not to exceed A+ with S&P and A1 with 
Moodys, to the extent Moodys rates the Securities and rates the 
applicable insurance company. The Policies described in Section 6.1 hereof 
(other than those strictly limited to liability protection) shall designate 
Lender as loss payee. Prior to the expiration dates of the Policies 
theretofore furnished to Lender, evidence that the Policies shall continue 
in force uninterrupted, to be followed by evidence satisfactory to Lender 
of payment of the premiums due thereunder (the Insurance Premiums) as 
such Insurance Premiums shall become due and payable, shall be delivered by 
Borrower to Lender.

(c) Any blanket insurance Policy shall specifically allocate to each 
Individual Property the amount of coverage from time to time required 
hereunder or shall otherwise provide the same protection as would a 
separate Policy insuring only the Properties in compliance with the 
provisions of Section 6.1(a) hereof. In the event the applicable Individual 
Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee adds any locations to the 
Policy that are subject to the perils of earthquake, flood or wind/named 
storm, Borrower shall notify Lender and provide updated
 
-115-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Acceptable Risk Analyses as applicable and the limits provided for such 
perils shall be increased as necessary so as to be in compliance with the 
requirements of Section 6.1. In the event the applicable Individual 
Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee adds any locations to the 
Policy providing coverage for terrorism which is within a 1,000 foot radius 
(the Radius) of an Individual Property, the applicable Individual 
Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee shall (1) increase the limits 
of any such Policy so that it shall be adequate to maintain the coverage 
set forth in this Section 6.1 for each property in the aggregate within the 
Radius that is covered by such blanket policy calculated on a total insured 
value basis or (2) provide the required coverage on a separate policy in 
compliance with the requirements of this Section 6.1.

(d) All Policies provided for or contemplated by Section 6.1(a) hereof 
shall name the applicable Individual Borrower and Individual Operating 
Lessee as named insureds and, in the case of liability policies, except for 
the Policy referenced in Section 6.1(a)(vii) of this Agreement, shall name 
Lender as the additional insured, as its interests may appear, and in the 
case of property damage, including but not limited to terrorism, boiler and 
machinery, flood and earthquake insurance, shall contain a standard 
non-contributing mortgagee clause in favor of Lender providing that the 
loss thereunder shall be payable to Lender and guaranteeing thirty (30) 
days notice of cancellation to Lender except ten (10) days notice for 
non-payment of premium.

(e) All Policies shall contain clauses or endorsements to the effect that:

(i) no act or negligence of the applicable Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee, or anyone acting for such applicable 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, or of any Tenant or 
other occupant, or failure to comply with the provisions of any Policy, 
which might otherwise result in a forfeiture of the insurance or any part 
thereof, shall in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the 
insurance insofar as Lender is concerned;

(ii) the Policy shall not be materially changed (other than to increase the 
coverage provided thereby) or canceled without at least thirty (30) days 
written notice to Lender and any other party named therein as an additional 
insured; provided, that ten (10) days notice will be required for 
non-payment of premium or; if issuer will not or cannot provide the notices 
required herein, Borrower shall be obligated to provide such notice;

(iii) the issuers thereof shall give ten (10) days written notice to 
Lender if the issuers of such Policy elect not to renew the Policy prior to 
its expiration or, if the issuers will not or cannot provide the notices 
required herein, Borrower shall be obligated to provide such notice; and

(iv) Lender shall not be liable for any Insurance Premiums thereon or 
subject to any assessments thereunder.

If at any time Lender is not in receipt of written evidence that all 
insurance required hereunder is in full force and effect, Lender shall have 
the right to take such action as Lender deems necessary to protect its 
interest in the Properties, including, without limitation, the obtaining of 
such insurance coverage as Lender in its sole discretion deems appropriate 
after ten (10) Business Days notice to Borrower if prior to the date upon 
which any such coverage will lapse or at any
 
-116-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
time Lender deems necessary (regardless of prior notice to Borrower) to 
avoid the lapse of any such coverage. All premiums incurred by Lender in 
connection with such action or in obtaining such insurance and keeping it 
in effect shall be paid by Borrower to Lender upon demand and, until paid, 
shall be secured by the Mortgages and shall bear interest at the Default 
Rate.

Section 6.2 Casualty. If any Individual Property shall be damaged or 
destroyed, in whole or in part, by fire or other casualty (a Casualty), 
Borrower or Operating Lessee shall give prompt written notice of such 
damage to Lender (provided that no notice shall be required in connection 
with a Casualty that is de minimis), and the applicable Individual Borrower 
or Individual Operating Lessee shall promptly commence and diligently 
prosecute the completion of the Restoration of the Individual Property 
pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof as nearly as possible to the condition the 
Individual Property was in immediately prior to such Casualty, with such 
alterations as may be reasonably approved by Lender and otherwise in 
accordance with Section 6.4 hereof. Borrower shall pay all costs of such 
Restoration whether or not such costs are covered by insurance. Lender may, 
but shall not be obligated to make proof of loss if not made promptly by 
the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee. In 
addition, Lender may participate in any settlement discussions with any 
insurance companies with respect to any Casualty in which the Net Proceeds 
or the costs of completing the Restoration are equal to or greater than the 
Casualty/Condemnation Threshold Amount and the applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, as applicable, shall deliver to 
Lender all instruments required by Lender to permit such participation.

Section 6.3 Condemnation. (a) Borrower shall promptly give Lender notice of 
the actual or threatened commencement of any proceeding for the 
Condemnation of any Individual Property and shall deliver to Lender copies 
of any and all papers served in connection with such proceedings. Lender 
may participate in any such proceedings, and the applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, as applicable, shall from time to 
time deliver to Lender all instruments requested by it to permit such 
participation. The applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall, at its expense, diligently prosecute any such proceedings, 
and shall consult with Lender, its attorneys and experts, and cooperate 
with them in the carrying on or defense of any such proceedings. 
Notwithstanding any taking by any public or quasi-public authority through 
Condemnation or otherwise (including, but not limited to, any transfer made 
in lieu of or in anticipation of the exercise of such taking), Borrower 
shall continue to pay the Debt at the time and in the manner provided for 
its payment in the Note and in this Agreement and the Debt shall not be 
reduced until any Award shall have been actually received and applied by 
Lender, after the deduction of expenses of collection, to the reduction or 
discharge of the Debt. Lender shall not be limited to the interest paid on 
the Award by the condemning authority but shall be entitled to receive out 
of the Award interest at the rate or rates provided herein or in the Note. 
If any Individual Property or any portion thereof is taken by a condemning 
authority, (a) if Restoration of such Individual Property would be deemed 
feasible by a prudent Lender acting reasonably based upon the nature of the 
Condemnation, the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee shall promptly commence and diligently prosecute the Restoration of 
the applicable Individual Property pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof and 
otherwise comply with the provisions of Section 6.4 hereof; provided, that, 
such applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
not be obligated to pursue completion of the Restoration if Lender is 
obligated to disburse Net Proceeds pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof with 
respect thereto (and the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual
 
-117-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Lessee has satisfied all applicable conditions to such 
disbursement) and Lender fails to disburse such proceeds and (b) if 
Restoration of such Individual Property is not considered feasible by a 
prudent Lender acting reasonably based upon the nature of the Condemnation, 
then Lender shall apply the Net Proceeds of such Condemnation to the 
principal of the Loan in accordance with Section 2.4.2 hereof. If any 
Individual Property is sold, through foreclosure or otherwise, prior to the 
receipt by Lender of the Award, Lender shall have the right, whether or not 
a deficiency judgment on the Note shall have been sought, recovered or 
denied, to receive the Award, or a portion thereof sufficient to pay the 
Debt.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any 
other Loan Document, if the Loan or any portion thereof is included in a 
REMIC Trust and, immediately following a release of any portion of the Lien 
of the Mortgage in connection with a Condemnation of an Individual Property 
(but taking into account any proposed Restoration on the remaining portion 
of such Individual Property) (based solely on real property and excluding 
any personal property or going concern value), the Loan-to-Value Ratio is 
greater than 125% (such value to be determined, in Lenders sole 
discretion, by any commercially reasonable method permitted to a REMIC 
Trust), the principal balance of the Loan must prepaid down by an amount 
not less than the least of the following amounts: (i) the Condemnation 
Proceeds, (ii) the fair market value of the released property at the time 
of the release, or (iii) an amount such that the Loan-to-Value Ratio (as so 
determined by Lender) does not increase after the release, unless Lender 
receives an opinion of counsel that if such amount is not paid, the 
Securitization will not fail to maintain its status as a REMIC Trust as a 
result of the related release of such portion of the Lien of the Mortgage. 
Any such prepayment shall be deemed a voluntary prepayment and shall be 
subject to Section 2.4.1 hereof (other than the requirements to prepay the 
Debt in full and provide thirty (30) days notice to Lender).

Section 6.4 Restoration. The following provisions shall apply in connection 
with the Restoration of any Individual Property:

(a) If the Net Proceeds shall be less than the Casualty/Condemnation 
Threshold Amount and the costs of completing the Restoration shall be less 
than the Casualty/Condemnation Threshold Amount, the Net Proceeds will be 
disbursed by Lender to Borrower upon receipt, provided that all of the 
conditions set forth in Section 6.4(b)(i) (A), (C), (F), (G) and (H) hereof 
are met and Borrower delivers to Lender a written undertaking to 
expeditiously commence and to satisfactorily complete with due diligence 
the Restoration in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(b) If the Net Proceeds are equal to or greater than the 
Casualty/Condemnation Threshold Amount or the costs of completing the 
Restoration is equal to or greater than the Casualty/Condemnation Threshold 
Amount, Lender shall make the Net Proceeds available for the Restoration in 
accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.4. The term Net Proceeds
 for purposes of this Section 6.4 shall mean: (i) the net amount of all 
insurance proceeds received by Lender pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(i), (iv), 
(ix) and (x) as a result of such damage or destruction, after deduction of 
the reasonable costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, 
reasonable counsel fees), if any, in collecting same (Insurance Proceeds
), or (ii) the net amount of the Award, after deduction of the reasonable 
costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable counsel 
fees), if any, in collecting same (Condemnation Proceeds), whichever the 
case may be.
 
-118-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) The Net Proceeds shall be made available to the applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee for Restoration provided that each 
of the following conditions are met:

(A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(B) (1) in the event the Net Proceeds are Insurance Proceeds, less than 
thirty percent (30%) of the total floor area of the Improvements on the 
Individual Property has been damaged, destroyed or rendered unusable as a 
result of such Casualty or (2) in the event the Net Proceeds are 
Condemnation Proceeds, less than twenty two and one half percent (22.5%) of 
the land constituting the Individual Property is taken, and such land is 
located along the perimeter or periphery of the Individual Property, and no 
portion of the Improvements is located on such land;

(C) the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
commence the Restoration as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event 
later than one hundred twenty (120) days after such Casualty or 
Condemnation, whichever the case may be, occurs) and shall diligently 
pursue the same to satisfactory completion, provided, that for purposes of 
this clause the filing of an application for a building permit for the 
Restoration shall be deemed to be commencement of the Restoration provided 
that the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
promptly commences work thereafter and diligently proceeds to the 
completion of such Restoration;

(D) Lender shall be satisfied that any operating deficits, including all 
scheduled payments of principal and interest under the Note, which will be 
incurred with respect to the Individual Property as a result of the 
occurrence of any such Casualty or Condemnation, whichever the case may be, 
will be covered out of (1) the Net Proceeds, (2) the insurance coverage 
referred to in Section 6.1(a)(ii) hereof, if applicable, or (3) by other 
funds of Borrower or Operating Lessee;

(E) Lender shall be satisfied, subject to a force majeure delay, that the 
Restoration will be completed on or before the earliest to occur of (1) one 
hundred twenty (120) days prior to the Maturity Date, (2) such time as may 
be required under all applicable Legal Requirements in order to repair and 
restore the applicable Individual Property to the condition it was in 
immediately prior to such Casualty or to as nearly as possible the 
condition it was in immediately prior to such Condemnation, as applicable, 
or (3) the expiration of the insurance coverage referred to in Section 
6.1(a)(ii) hereof;
 
-119-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(F) the Individual Property and the use thereof after the Restoration will, 
in all material respects, be in compliance with and permitted under all 
applicable Legal Requirements (including as a legal non-conforming use);

(G) the Restoration shall be done and completed by the applicable 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee in an expeditious and 
diligent fashion and in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements;

(H) such Casualty or Condemnation, as applicable, does not result in the 
loss of access to the Individual Property or the related Improvements;

(I) the Debt Yield immediately prior to such Casualty or Condemnation was 
equal to or greater than seven percent (7%) with respect to the affected 
Individual Property;

(J) Borrower shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender a signed 
detailed budget approved in writing by the applicable Individual Borrowers 
or Individual Operating Lessees architect or engineer stating the entire 
cost of completing the Restoration, which budget shall be reasonably 
approved by Lender in the same manner as each Annual Budget is to be 
approved by Lender during the continuance of a Cash Trap Period; and

(K) the Net Proceeds together with any cash or cash equivalent deposited by 
the applicable Individual Borrower and/or Individual Operating Lessee with 
Lender are sufficient in Lenders reasonable discretion to cover the cost 
of the Restoration.

(ii) The Net Proceeds shall be held by Lender in an interest bearing 
Eligible Account and, until disbursed in accordance with the provisions of 
this Section 6.4(b), shall constitute additional security for the Debt and 
Other Obligations under the Loan Documents. The Net Proceeds shall be 
disbursed by Lender to, or as directed by, the applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee from time to time during the course 
of the Restoration, upon receipt of evidence satisfactory to Lender that 
(A) all materials installed and work and labor performed (except to the 
extent that they are to be paid for out of the requested disbursement) in 
connection with the Restoration have been paid for in full, and (B) there 
exist no notices of pendency, stop orders, mechanics or materialmans 
liens or notices of intention to file same, or any other liens or 
encumbrances of any nature whatsoever on the Individual Property which have 
not either been fully bonded to the satisfaction of Lender and discharged 
of record or in the alternative fully insured to the satisfaction of Lender 
by the title company issuing the Title Insurance Policy with respect to 
such Individual Property.

(iii) All plans and specifications required in connection with the 
Restoration shall be subject to prior review and acceptance in all respects 
by Lender and by an independent consulting engineer selected by Lender (the 
Casualty Consultant). Lender shall have the use of the plans and 
specifications and all permits, licenses and approvals required or obtained 
in connection with the Restoration. The identity of the
 
-120-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contractors, subcontractors and materialmen engaged in the Restoration, as 
well as the contracts under which they have been engaged, shall be subject 
to prior review and reasonable acceptance by Lender and the Casualty 
Consultant. All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Lender in 
connection with making the Net Proceeds available for the Restoration 
including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and disbursements 
and the Casualty Consultants fees, shall be paid by Borrower. Lender shall 
grant or deny with a reasonable explanation any consent required hereunder 
within fourteen (14) days after the receipt of the applicable request and 
all documents in connection therewith. In the event that Lender fails to 
respond within said fourteen (14) day period, such failure shall be deemed 
to be the consent and approval of Lender if (A) Borrower has delivered to 
Lender the applicable documents, with the notation IMMEDIATE RESPONSE 
REQUIRED, FAILURE TO RESPOND TO THIS APPROVAL REQUEST WITHIN FOURTEEN (14) 
DAYS FROM RECEIPT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE LENDERS APPROVAL prominently 
displayed in bold, all caps and fourteen (14) point or larger font in the 
transmittal letter requesting approval and (B) Lender does not approve or 
reject (with a reasonable explanation) the applicable request within 
fourteen (14) days from the date Lender receives such request as evidenced 
by a certified mail return receipt or confirmation by a reputable national 
overnight delivery service that the same has been delivered to Borrower.

(iv) In no event shall Lender be obligated to make disbursements of the Net 
Proceeds in excess of an amount equal to the costs actually incurred from 
time to time for work in place as part of the Restoration, as certified by 
the Casualty Consultant, minus the Casualty Retainage. The term Casualty 
Retainage shall mean an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the costs 
actually incurred for work in place as part of the Restoration, as 
certified by the Casualty Consultant, until the Restoration has been 
completed. The Casualty Retainage shall in no event, and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary set forth above in this Section 6.4(b), be less 
than the amount actually held back by the applicable Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee from contractors, subcontractors and 
materialmen engaged in the Restoration. The Casualty Retainage shall not be 
released until the Casualty Consultant certifies to Lender that the 
Restoration has been completed in accordance with the provisions of this 
Section 6.4(b) and that all approvals necessary for the re-occupancy and 
use of the Individual Property have been obtained from all appropriate 
governmental and quasi-governmental authorities, and Lender receives 
evidence satisfactory to Lender that the costs of the Restoration have been 
paid in full or will be paid in full out of the Casualty Retainage; 
provided, however, that Lender will release the portion of the Casualty 
Retainage being held with respect to any contractor, subcontractor or 
materialman engaged in the Restoration as of the date upon which the 
Casualty Consultant certifies to Lender that the contractor, subcontractor 
or materialman has satisfactorily completed all work and has supplied all 
materials in accordance with the provisions of the contractors, 
subcontractors or materialmans contract, the contractor, subcontractor or 
materialman delivers the lien waivers and evidence of payment in full of 
all sums due to the contractor, subcontractor or materialman as may be 
reasonably requested by Lender or by the title company issuing the Title 
Insurance Policy with respect to such Individual
 
-121-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property, and Lender receives an endorsement to such Title Insurance Policy 
insuring the continued priority of the lien of the related Mortgage and 
evidence of payment of any premium payable for such endorsement. If 
required by Lender, the release of any such portion of the Casualty 
Retainage shall be approved by the surety company, if any, which has issued 
a payment or performance bond with respect to the contractor, subcontractor 
or materialman.

(v) Lender shall not be obligated to make disbursements of the Net Proceeds 
more frequently than once every calendar month.

(vi) If at any time the Net Proceeds or the undisbursed balance thereof 
shall not, in the opinion of Lender in consultation with the Casualty 
Consultant, be sufficient to pay in full the balance of the costs which are 
estimated by the Casualty Consultant to be incurred in connection with the 
completion of the Restoration, the applicable Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee shall (A) deposit the deficiency (the Net 
Proceeds Deficiency) with Lender or (B) deliver a Letter of Credit 
reasonably satisfactory to Lender in an amount equal to the Net Proceeds 
Deficiency before any further disbursement of the Net Proceeds shall be 
made. The Net Proceeds Deficiency deposited with Lender shall be held by 
Lender and shall be disbursed for costs actually incurred in connection 
with the Restoration on the same conditions applicable to the disbursement 
of the Net Proceeds, and until so disbursed pursuant to this Section 6.4(b) 
shall constitute additional security for the Debt and Other Obligations 
under the Loan Documents.

(vii) The excess, if any, of the Net Proceeds (and the remaining balance, 
if any, of the Net Proceeds Deficiency) deposited with Lender after the 
Casualty Consultant certifies to Lender that the Restoration has been 
completed in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.4(b), and the 
receipt by Lender of evidence satisfactory to Lender that all costs 
incurred in connection with the Restoration have been paid in full, shall 
be remitted by Lender to Borrower, provided no Event of Default shall have 
occurred and shall be continuing under the Note, this Agreement or any of 
the other Loan Documents.

(c) Lender shall, with reasonable promptness following any Casualty or 
Condemnation, notify Borrower whether or not Net Proceeds are required to 
be made available to the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee for a Restoration pursuant to this Section 6.4 (or, if the 
same are not required to be made available to such applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee for Restoration pursuant to this 
Section 6.4, whether Lender will nevertheless make the same available, 
which election Lender may make in its sole and absolute discretion). All 
Net Proceeds not required (i) to be made available for the Restoration or 
(ii) to be returned to Borrower as excess Net Proceeds pursuant to Section 
6.4(b)(vii) hereof may be retained and applied by Lender toward the payment 
of the Debt in accordance with Section 2.4.2 hereof, whether or not then 
due and payable in such order, priority and proportions as Lender in its 
sole discretion shall deem proper, or, at the discretion of Lender, the 
same may be paid, either in whole or in part, to Borrower for such purposes 
as Lender shall approve, in its discretion.
 
-122-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) In the event of foreclosure of the Mortgage with respect to an 
Individual Property, or other transfer of title of an Individual Property 
in extinguishment in whole or in part of the Debt all right, title and 
interest of the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee in and to the Policies that are not blanket Policies then in force 
concerning such Individual Property and all proceeds payable thereunder 
shall thereupon vest in the purchaser at such foreclosure or Lender or 
other transferee in the event of such other transfer of title.

(e) Intentionally omitted.

(f) In addition to the foregoing, in connection with any partial 
Condemnation or Casualty, if any Net Proceeds shall be equal to or greater 
than sixty percent (60%) of the Release Amount in respect of the applicable 
Individual Property, then Borrower shall have the right, but not the 
obligation, regardless of the provisions of Section 2.4.1 hereof, elect not 
to proceed with a Restoration and to prepay the Adjusted Release Amount of 
the applicable Individual Property (a Casualty/Condemnation Prepayment) 
utilizing the Net Proceeds (together with other funds of Borrower or 
Operating Lessee if such Net Proceeds are less than the Adjusted Release 
Amount) and obtain the release of the applicable Individual Property from 
the Lien of the Mortgage thereon and related Loan Documents, provided that 
(i) Borrower and/or Operating Lessee shall have satisfied the requirements 
of Section 2.5.2 hereof (excluding Section 2.5.2(e)), (ii) Borrower shall 
consummate the Casualty/Condemnation Prepayment on or before the second 
Payment Date occurring following the proposed date of the intended 
Casualty/Condemnation Prepayment and (iii) Borrower pays to Lender, 
concurrently with making such Casualty/Condemnation Prepayment, any other 
amounts required pursuant to Section 2.4.2 hereof. For the avoidance of 
doubt, unless such payment is made during the continuance of an Event of 
Default, no Yield Maintenance Premium or other premium or penalty or charge 
shall be due with respect to a Casualty/Condemnation Prepayment.


ARTICLE VII

RESERVE FUNDS

Section 7.1 Intentionally Omitted.

Section 7.2 Tax and Insurance Escrow Funds.

(a) To the extent Taxes, Other Charges and/or Insurance Premiums are not 
reserved for in a Manager Account maintained by the applicable Manager 
pursuant to the Management Agreement to which it is a party or previously 
paid by such Manager pursuant to such Management Agreement (provided, that 
to the extent so reserved or paid, Borrower delivers to Lender the invoices 
and other evidence of payment required under Section 5.1.2 and Section 6.1 
hereof in which case the required deposit will be reduced on a 
dollar-for-dollar basis by such amount), Borrower shall pay to Lender, on 
each Payment Date during a Cash Trap Period, (i) in any case in which Taxes 
and Other Charges are not so reserved or paid by the applicable Manager, 
one twelfth (1/12) of the Taxes and Other Charges that Lender reasonably 
estimates will be payable during the next ensuing twelve (12) months in 
order to accumulate with Lender sufficient funds to pay all such Taxes and 
Other Charges at least thirty (30) days
 
-123-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
prior to the dates upon which such payments are required to be made and/or 
(ii) in any case in which Insurance Premiums are not so reserved or paid by 
the applicable Manager, one twelfth (1/12) of the Insurance Premiums that 
Lender estimates will be payable for the renewal of the coverage afforded 
by the Policies upon the expiration thereof in order to accumulate with 
Lender sufficient funds to pay all such Insurance Premiums at least thirty 
(30) days prior to the expiration of the Policies (said amounts in clauses 
(i) and (ii) above hereinafter called the Tax and Insurance Escrow Funds
). The account in which the Tax and Insurance Escrow Funds are held shall 
hereinafter be referred to as the Tax and Insurance Reserve Account. 
Lender will apply the Tax and Insurance Escrow Funds to payments of Taxes 
and Other Charges and Insurance Premiums required to be made by Borrower 
and/or Operating Lessee pursuant to Section 5.1.2 or Section 6.1 hereof (as 
applicable) and under the Mortgages. In making any payment relating to the 
Tax and Insurance Escrow Funds, Lender may do so according to any bill, 
statement or estimate procured from the appropriate public office (with 
respect to Taxes and Other Charges) or insurer or agent (with respect to 
Insurance Premiums), without inquiry into the accuracy of such bill, 
statement or estimate or into the validity of any tax, assessment, sale, 
forfeiture, tax lien or title or claim thereof. Provided that sufficient 
amounts are on deposit in the Tax and Insurance Escrow Account, Lender 
shall, upon Borrowers written request, reimburse the applicable Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee (as applicable) from amounts on 
deposit in the Tax and Insurance Escrow Account for all real property 
Taxes, Other Charges and Insurance Premiums actually paid by such 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee. As a precondition to 
any such reimbursement, Borrower shall submit to Lender an Officers 
Certificate setting forth the amount of tax payments made and jurisdictions 
in which such payments were made (if applicable) and upon the written 
request of Lender receipts for payment or other evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to Lender that such real, property Taxes, Other Charges and 
Insurance Premiums have been paid. If the amount of the Tax and Insurance 
Escrow Funds shall exceed the amounts due for Taxes, Other Charges and 
Insurance Premiums pursuant to Section 5.1.2 hereof, Lender shall, in its 
sole discretion, return any excess to Borrower or credit such excess 
against future payments to be made to the Tax and Insurance Escrow Funds. 
If at any time Lender reasonably determines that the Tax and Insurance 
Escrow Funds are not or will not be sufficient to pay Taxes, Other Charges 
and Insurance Premiums by the dates set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) 
above, Lender shall provide written notice to Borrower of such 
determination and Borrower shall, commencing with the first Payment Date 
following Borrowers receipt of such written notice, increase its monthly 
payments to Lender by the amount that Lender estimates is sufficient to 
make up the deficiency at least thirty (30) days prior to the due date of 
the Taxes and Other Charges and/or thirty (30) days prior to expiration of 
the Policies, as the case may be. Any amounts remaining in the Tax and 
Insurance Escrow Account after the Debt has been paid in full or the Loan 
has been defeased shall be promptly returned to Borrower.

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, provided that no Event 
of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the extent that any of the 
insurance required to be maintained by any Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee under this Agreement and/or any other Loan 
Document is effected under a blanket policy reasonably acceptable to Lender 
insuring substantially all of the real property owned, directly or 
indirectly, by Guarantor, Borrower shall not be required to make deposits 
pursuant to the foregoing with respect to Insurance Premiums.
 
-124-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.3 Replacements and Replacement Reserve.

7.3.1 Replacement Reserve Funds. Borrower shall pay to Lender on each 
Payment Date an amount equal to the Replacement Reserve Monthly Deposit to 
fund the cost of Replacements; provided, however, that Replacements shall 
not include expense items that otherwise would be expensed in the operating 
statements of the Property pursuant to the Uniform System of Accounts and 
provided, further, that, for so long as the applicable Individual Borrower 
and corresponding Individual Operating Lessee maintain the related 
Individual Property in accordance with the applicable Management Agreement, 
the Replacement Reserve Monthly Deposit shall be reduced on a 
dollar-for-dollar basis by any amounts either (x) deposited into the FF&E 
Concentration Account for the applicable calendar month as set forth in the 
Annual Budget and required pursuant to the terms of the applicable 
Management Agreement if Borrower delivers evidence reasonably satisfactory 
to Lender that such deposit has been made or (y) otherwise accounted for 
pursuant to the Working Capital Peg Balance held in the Operating Account 
Agreement if Borrower delivers evidence reasonably satisfactory to Lender 
that the Working Capital Peg Balance sufficiently cover such amounts. 
Amounts so deposited shall hereinafter be referred to as the Replacement 
Reserve Funds and the account in which such amounts are held shall 
hereinafter be referred to as Borrowers Replacement Reserve Account.

7.3.2 Disbursements from Replacement Reserve Account. (a) Lender shall make 
disbursements from the Replacement Reserve Account to pay the applicable 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee only for the costs of 
the Replacements with respect to the related Individual Property upon 
satisfaction of the requirements set forth in this Section 7.3.2.

(b) Lender shall disburse to the applicable Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee the Replacement Reserve Funds from the 
Replacement Reserve Account from time to time upon satisfaction by the 
applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee of each of 
the following conditions: (i) the applicable Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee shall submit a written request for payment to 
Lender at least five (5) days prior to the date on which Borrower requests 
such payment be made and specifies the Replacements to be paid, (ii) on the 
date such payment is to be made, no Event of Default shall exist and remain 
uncured and (iii) Lender shall have received an Officers Certificate: (A) 
stating that, to Borrowers knowledge, all Replacements to be funded by the 
requested disbursement have been performed in good and workmanlike manner 
and in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules 
and regulations, in all material respects, (B) identifying each Person that 
supplied materials or labor in connection with such Replacements to be 
funded by the requested disbursement, and (C) stating that each such Person 
has been paid or will be paid the amounts then due and payable to such 
Person in connection with the Replacements with the proceeds of such 
disbursement, such Officers Certificate to be accompanied by lien waivers 
or other evidence of payment satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall not be 
required to make disbursements from the Replacement Reserve Account with 
respect to any Individual Property unless such requested disbursement is in 
an amount greater than Twenty-Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($25,000.00) 
(or a lesser amount if the total amount in the Replacement Reserve Account 
is less than $25,000.00), in which case only one disbursement of the amount 
remaining in the account shall be made) and such disbursement shall be made 
only upon satisfaction of each condition
 
-125-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contained in this Section 7.3.2. Subject to Section 7.3.2(c) below, in no 
event shall Lender be obligated to disburse funds to Borrower or Operating 
Lessee from the Replacement Reserve Account if an Event of Default exists.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, except during the continuance of an 
Event of Default, Lender shall make disbursements from the Replacement 
Reserve Account at the request of Manager upon receipt of a certificate (i) 
setting forth the amount of the requested disbursement, (ii) certifying 
that the requested disbursement will be used for the costs of FF&E as 
required by, and provided in the applicable Management Agreement and (iii) 
certifying that the amounts being requested are in accordance with the 
budget provided under the Management Agreement, subject to variances 
permitted thereby.

7.3.3 Performance of Replacements. (a) Each applicable Individual Borrower 
or Individual Operating Lessee shall make Replacements to the related 
Individual Property when required in order to keep such Individual Property 
in good condition and repair and to keep such Individual Property or any 
portion thereof from deteriorating, consistent with the requirements of the 
Management Agreement. The applicable Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee shall complete all Replacements to the related Individual 
Property in a good and workmanlike manner as soon as practicable following 
the commencement of making each such Replacement.

(b) During a Cash Trap Period, Lender reserves the right, at its option, to 
approve all contracts or work orders for amounts in excess of One Million 
and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) (such approval not to be unreasonably 
withheld, delayed or conditioned) with materialmen, mechanics, suppliers, 
subcontractors, contractors or other parties providing labor or materials 
in connection with the Replacements. Upon Lenders request, the applicable 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall assign any 
contract or subcontract to Lender.

(c) During the continuance of an Event of Default, in the event Lender 
determines in its reasonable discretion that any Replacement is not being 
performed in a workmanlike or timely manner or that any Replacement has not 
been completed in a workmanlike or timely manner, upon three (3) Business 
Days written notice to Borrower, Lender shall have the option to withhold 
disbursement for such unsatisfactory Replacement and to proceed under 
existing contracts or to contract with third parties to complete such 
Replacement and to apply the Replacement Reserve Funds toward the labor and 
materials necessary to complete such Replacement and, without the 
requirement of providing any prior notice to Borrower, to exercise any and 
all other remedies available to Lender upon an Event of Default hereunder.

(d) During the continuance of an Event of Default, in order to facilitate 
Lenders completion or making of such Replacements pursuant to Section 
7.3.3(c) above, the applicable Individual Borrower and Individual Operating 
Lessee each grants Lender the right to enter onto the related Individual 
Property and perform any and all work and labor necessary to complete or 
make such Replacements and/or employ watchmen to protect such Individual 
Property from damage (subject to the rights of Tenants and guests at such 
Individual Property). All sums so expended by Lender, to the extent not 
from the Replacement Reserve Funds, shall be
 
-126-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
deemed to have been advanced under the Loan to Borrower and secured by the 
Mortgages. For this purpose each of Borrower and Operating Lessee 
constitutes and appoints Lender its true and lawful attorney in fact with 
full power of substitution to complete or undertake such Replacements in 
the name of the applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee. Such power of attorney shall be deemed to be a power coupled with 
an interest and cannot be revoked. Borrower and Operating Lessee each 
empowers said attorney in fact for this purpose as follows: (i) with 
respect to Borrowers grant of power only, to use any funds in the 
Replacement Reserve Account for the purpose of making or completing such 
Replacements; (ii) to make such additions, changes and corrections to such 
Replacements as shall be necessary or desirable to complete such 
Replacements; (iii) to employ such contractors, subcontractors, agents, 
architects and inspectors as shall be required for such purposes; (iv) to 
pay, settle or compromise all existing bills and claims which are or may 
become Liens against any Individual Property, or as may be necessary or 
desirable for the completion of such Replacements, or for clearance of 
title; (v) to execute all applications and certificates in the name of any 
applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee which may be 
reasonably required by any of the contract documents; (vi) to prosecute and 
defend all actions or proceedings in connection with any Individual 
Property or the rehabilitation and repair of any Individual Property; and 
(vii) to do any and every reasonable act which any Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee might do in its own behalf to fulfill the terms 
of this Agreement.

(e) Nothing in this Section 7.3.3 shall: (i) make Lender responsible for 
making or completing any Replacements; (ii) require Lender to expend funds 
in addition to the Replacement Reserve Funds to make or complete any 
Replacement; (iii) obligate Lender to proceed with any Replacements; or 
(iv) obligate Lender to demand from any Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee additional sums to make or complete any Replacement.

(f) If reasonably determined to be necessary, the applicable Individual 
Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee shall permit Lender and Lenders 
agents and representatives (including, without limitation, Lenders 
engineer, architect, or inspector) or third parties making Replacements 
pursuant to this Section 7.3.3 to enter onto the related Individual 
Property during normal business hours (subject to the rights of Tenants 
under their Leases) to inspect the progress of any Replacements and all 
materials being used in connection therewith, to examine all plans and shop 
drawings relating to such Replacements which are or may be kept at such 
Individual Property, and, during the continuance of an Event of Default, to 
complete any Replacements made pursuant to this Section 7.3.3. Each 
Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee shall cause all 
contractors and subcontractors to cooperate with Lender or Lenders 
representatives or such other persons described above in connection with 
inspections described in this Section 7.3.3(f) or the completion of 
Replacements pursuant to this Section 7.3.3 with respect to the related 
Individual Property.

(g) During a Cash Trap Period, in connection with any single Replacement in 
excess of One Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00), Lender may 
require an inspection of the applicable Individual Property at Borrowers 
expense prior to making a monthly disbursement from the Replacement Reserve 
Account in order to verify completion of the Replacements for which 
reimbursement is sought (or portion thereof in the case of periodic 
payments). Lender may require that such inspection be conducted by an 
appropriate independent qualified professional selected by Lender and 
reasonably approved by Borrower and/or may
 
-127-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
require a copy of a certificate of completion by an independent qualified 
professional reasonably acceptable to Lender prior to the disbursement of 
any amounts from the Replacement Reserve Account. Borrower shall pay the 
actual out-of-pocket expense of the inspection as required hereunder, 
whether such inspection is conducted by Lender or by an independent 
qualified professional.

(h) The Replacements and all materials, equipment, fixtures, or any other 
item comprising a part of any Replacement shall be constructed, installed 
or completed, as applicable, free and clear of all mechanics, 
materialmens or other Liens (except for Permitted Encumbrances).

(i) All Replacements shall comply in all material respects with all 
applicable Legal Requirements of all Governmental Authorities having 
jurisdiction over the applicable Individual Property and applicable 
insurance requirements including, without limitation, applicable building 
codes, special use permits, environmental regulations, and requirements of 
insurance underwriters.

(j) In addition to any insurance required under the Loan Documents, the 
applicable Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee shall 
provide or cause to be provided workmens compensation insurance, builders 
risk, and public liability insurance and other insurance to the extent 
required under applicable law in connection with a particular Replacement 
at the related Individual Property. All such policies shall be in form and 
amount reasonably satisfactory to Lender. All such policies which can be 
endorsed with standard mortgagee clauses making loss payable to Lender or 
its assigns shall be so endorsed. Certified copies of such policies shall 
be delivered to Lender.

7.3.4 Failure to Make Replacements. (a) It shall be an Event of Default 
under this Agreement if Borrower or Operating Lessee fails to comply with 
any provision of this Section 7.3 and such failure is not cured within 
thirty (30) days after Borrowers receipt of written notice from Lender. 
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of such an Event of Default, 
Lender may use the Replacement Reserve Funds (or any portion thereof) for 
any purpose, including but not limited to complete the Replacements as 
provided in Section 7.3.3, or for any other repair or replacement to any 
Individual Property or toward payment of the Debt in such order, proportion 
and priority as Lender may determine in its sole discretion. Lenders right 
to withdraw and apply the Replacement Reserve Funds shall be in addition to 
all other rights and remedies provided to Lender under this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents.

(b) Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate Lender to apply all or any 
portion of the Replacement Reserve Fund on account of an Event of Default 
to payment of the Debt or in any specific order or priority.

7.3.5 Balance in the Replacement Reserve Account. The insufficiency of any 
balance in the Replacement Reserve Account shall not relieve Borrower from 
its obligation to fulfill all preservation and maintenance covenants in the 
Loan Documents. Any amount remaining in the Replacement Reserve Account 
after the Debt has been paid in full or the Loan has been defeased shall be 
returned to Borrower.
 
-128-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.4 Intentionally Omitted.

Section 7.5 Excess Cash Flow Reserve Fund. During a Cash Trap Period, all 
Excess Cash Flow on deposit in the Cash Management Account shall be 
transferred to an account (the Excess Cash Flow Reserve Account and 
amounts so held shall be hereinafter referred to as the Excess Cash Flow 
Reserve Funds) in accordance with Section 2.6.2(e) to be held by Lender as 
additional security for the Loan.

7.5.1 Release of Excess Cash Flow Reserve Funds. 7.5.2 (a) During a Debt 
Yield Trigger Period, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, upon written request of any Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee, Lender shall disburse within five (5) Business Days of 
such Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees request and no 
more frequently than bimonthly, Excess Cash Flow Reserve Funds for (i) 
payment of any Operating Expenses (including management fees and other 
fees, charges or costs, payable to Manager under the Management Agreement), 
(ii) emergency repairs and/or life safety issues (including any Capital 
Expenditures) at any Individual Property, (iii) Capital Expenditures set 
forth in the Approved Annual Budget or otherwise reasonably approved by 
Lender (after application of amounts then on deposit in the Replacement 
Reserve), (iv) Hotel Taxes and Custodial Funds, (v) subject to Lenders 
approval, payment of the cost of Replacements not otherwise paid for under 
Section 7.3 hereof, (vi) intentionally omitted, (vii) any fees and costs 
payable by Borrower subject to and in compliance with the Loan Documents 
(including the payment of any Yield Maintenance Premiums), (viii) voluntary 
prepayment of the Loan in accordance with Section 2.4.1 hereof, or (ix) 
legal fees arising in connection with any Individual Property or the 
applicable Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees ownership 
or leasing (as applicable) and operation thereof; provided, that Excess 
Cash Flow shall not be used for legal fees in connection with (A) the 
enforcement of Borrowers or Operating Lessees rights under the Loan 
Documents or (B) any defense of any enforcement by Lender of its rights 
under the Loan Documents, (x) audit, accounting and tax expenses arising in 
connection with any Individual Property or the applicable Individual 
Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees ownership or leasing (as 
applicable) and operation thereof, (xi) payment of shortfalls in the 
payment of Debt Service and any other amounts due and owing to Lender under 
the Loan Documents, (xii) intentionally omitted, (xiii) costs associated 
with existing Leases or any new Leases entered into pursuant to the terms 
of this Agreement, including costs related to tenant improvement 
allowances, leasing commissions and Tenant-related Capital Expenditures 
(after application of amounts then on deposit in the Replacement Reserve 
Account), (xiv) principal prepayments of the Loan in the amount necessary 
to satisfy a Debt Yield Cure made in accordance with Section 2.4.5 hereof, 
(xv) costs of Restoration in excess of available Net Proceeds, (xvi) 
payment of shortfalls in the required deposits into the Reserve Accounts 
(in each case, to the extent required in the Loan Agreement and the Cash 
Management Agreement), and (xvii) such other items as reasonably approved 
by Lender, provided, that, prior to the date of the Restructuring, in each 
instance, Lender shall only be obligated to make Excess Cash Flow Reserve 
Funds available for the payment of the foregoing items to the extent such 
items are not otherwise payable by Manager pursuant to the Management 
Agreement. Upon the occurrence of a Cash Trap Event Cure, all Excess Cash 
Flow Reserve Funds shall be paid to Borrower.
 
-129-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Any Excess Cash Flow Reserve Funds remaining on deposit in the Excess 
Cash Flow Reserve Account after the Debt and all amounts due to Lender have 
been paid in full or the Loan has been defeased shall be paid to Borrower.

Section 7.6 Intentionally Omitted.

Section 7.7 Intentionally Omitted.

Section 7.8 Intentionally Omitted.

Section 7.9 Intentionally Omitted.

Section 7.10 Reserve Funds, Generally. The applicable Individual Borrower 
or Individual Operating Lessee (as applicable) grants to Lender a first 
priority perfected security interest in each of the applicable Reserve 
Accounts and any and all monies now or hereafter deposited in each such 
Reserve Account as additional security for payment of the Debt. Until 
expended or applied in accordance herewith, the Reserve Funds shall 
constitute additional security for the Debt. Subject to Priority Waterfall 
Payments and payments made to Manager pursuant to Section 7.3.2(c) hereof, 
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, 
Lender may, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies available 
to Lender, apply any sums then present in any or all of the Reserve 
Accounts to the payment of the Debt in any order in its sole discretion. 
The Reserve Funds shall not constitute trust funds and may be commingled 
with other monies held by Lender. The Reserve Funds shall be held in an 
Eligible Account in Permitted Investments in accordance with the terms and 
provisions of the Cash Management Agreement. All interest or other earnings 
on the Reserve Funds shall be added to and become a part of such Reserve 
Funds and shall be disbursed or applied, as applicable, in the same manner 
as other monies deposited in the related Reserve Account. Borrower shall be 
responsible for payment of any federal, state or local income or other tax 
applicable to the interest earned on the Reserve Funds credited or paid to 
Borrower. No Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall, 
without obtaining the prior written consent of Lender, further pledge, 
assign or grant any security interest in any Reserve Account or the monies 
deposited therein or permit any lien or encumbrance to attach thereto, or 
any levy to be made thereon, or any UCC-1 Financing Statements, except 
those naming Lender as the secured party, to be filed with respect thereto. 
Lender shall not be liable for any loss sustained on the investment of any 
funds constituting the Reserve Funds, provided such Reserve Funds are held 
in an Eligible Account in Permitted Investments in accordance with the 
terms and provisions of the Cash Management Agreement. Borrower shall 
indemnify Lender and hold Lender harmless from and against any and all 
actions, suits, claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, obligations 
and costs and expenses (including litigation costs and reasonable 
attorneys fees and expenses) arising from or in any way connected with the 
Reserve Accounts or the performance of the obligations for which the 
Reserve Accounts were established. Each Individual Borrower and Individual 
Operating Lessee shall assign to Lender all rights and claims that it may 
have against all persons or entities supplying labor, materials or other 
services which are to be paid from or secured by the applicable Reserve 
Funds; provided, however, that Lender may not pursue any such right or 
claim unless an Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured. Any 
amount remaining in the Reserve Accounts after the Debt has been paid in 
full or the Loan has been defeased shall be returned to Borrower.
 
-130-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VIII

DEFAULTS

Section 8.1 Event of Default. (a) Each of the following events shall 
constitute an event of default hereunder (an Event of Default):

(i) if (A) any Monthly Debt Service Payment Amount is not paid on or before 
the date it is due, (B) the Debt is not paid in full on the Maturity Date 
or (C) any other portion of the Debt (including any deposits to the Reserve 
Accounts) not specified in the foregoing clause (A) or (B) is not paid on 
or prior to the date when same is due with such failure continuing for five 
(5) Business Days after Lender delivers notice thereof to Borrower;

(ii) if any of the Taxes or Other Charges are not paid when the same are 
due and payable other than those Taxes or Other Charges being contested by 
Borrower in accordance with Section 5.1.2 hereof and such failure continues 
for five (5) Business Days thereafter;

(iii) if the Policies are not kept in full force and effect, or if 
certified copies of the Policies are not delivered to Lender upon request 
when required pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Agreement;

(iv) if any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee consummates 
a Transfer without Lenders prior written consent in violation of Section 
5.2.10 hereof or Article 6 of any Mortgage;

(v) if any representation or warranty made by any Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee herein or in any other Loan Document to which 
it is a party, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other 
instrument, agreement or document furnished to Lender by or on behalf of 
any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall have been 
false or misleading in any material adverse respect as of the date the 
representation or warranty was made; provided that if such untrue 
representation or warranty is susceptible of being cured, Borrower and/or 
Operating Lessee shall have the right to cure such representation or 
warranty within thirty (30) days of receipt of written notice from Lender;

(vi) if any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or Principal 
shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors;

(vii) if a receiver, liquidator or trustee shall be appointed for any 
Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or Principal or if any 
Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or Principal shall be 
adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or if any petition for bankruptcy, 
reorganization or arrangement pursuant to federal bankruptcy law, or any 
similar federal or state law, shall be filed by or against, consented to, 
or acquiesced in by, any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee 
or Principal, or if any proceeding for the dissolution or liquidation of 
any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or Principal shall be 
instituted; provided, however,
 
-131-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
if such appointment, adjudication, petition or proceeding was involuntary 
and not consented to by any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating 
Lessee or Principal upon the same not being discharged, stayed or dismissed 
within sixty (60) days;

(viii) if any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or Principal 
attempts to assign its rights under this Agreement or any of the other Loan 
Documents or any interest herein or therein in contravention of the Loan 
Documents;

(ix) if a Guarantor Bankruptcy Event occurs, provided, however, it shall be 
at Lenders option to determine whether the foregoing shall be an Event of 
Default;

(x) if any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee breaches any 
representation and warranty contained in Section 4.1.30 or any covenant 
contained in Section 5.1.28 hereof, provided, however, that any such breach 
shall not constitute an Event of Default (A) if such breach is inadvertent 
and non-recurring, (B) if such breach is curable, if the applicable 
Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee shall promptly cure such 
breach within thirty (30) days after such breach occurs, and (C) upon the 
written request of Lender, if Borrower promptly delivers to Lender an 
Additional Insolvency Opinion or a modification of the Insolvency Opinion, 
as applicable, to the effect that such breach shall not in any way impair, 
negate or amend the opinions rendered in the Insolvency Opinion, which 
opinion or modification and the counsel delivering such opinion and 
modification shall be acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion;

(xi) intentionally omitted;

(xii) with respect to any term, covenant or provision set forth herein 
which specifically contains a notice requirement or grace period, if any 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall be in default 
under such term, covenant or condition after the giving of such notice or 
the expiration of such grace period (and after giving effect to any cure 
period);

(xiii) if any of the assumptions related to any Individual Borrower or any 
Individual Operating Lessee contained in the Insolvency Opinion delivered 
to Lender in connection with the Loan, or in any Additional Insolvency 
Opinion delivered subsequent to the closing of the Loan, is or shall become 
untrue in any material respect;

(xiv) if a material default by the applicable Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee has occurred and continues beyond any 
applicable cure period under the Management Agreement to which it is a 
party (or any Replacement Management Agreement to which it is a party) and 
if such default permits the Manager thereunder to terminate or cancel such 
Management Agreement (or such Replacement Management Agreement), or the 
term of any Management Agreement (or any Replacement Management Agreement) 
expires and in each case, unless the applicable Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee engages a Qualified Manager in accordance with 
the terms and as required by of Section 5.1.23 within thirty (30) days of 
such default (subject to the applicable cure period) or the date of such 
expiration;
 
-132-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xv) if an ERISA Event shall have occurred and is continuing for thirty 
(30) days that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events, could 
reasonably be expected to result in an Aggregate Material Adverse Effect 
(after taking into account obligations of Guarantor under the Guaranty with 
respect to ERISA Events and the creditworthiness of Guarantor at such 
time).

(xvi) if there shall be default under any of the other Loan Documents 
beyond any applicable cure periods contained in such documents, whether as 
to Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, Guarantor or any 
Individual Property (or, if no cure period is so specified with respect 
thereto, beyond the applicable cure period set forth in subsection (xviii) 
below, which shall be deemed to be applicable thereto), or if any other 
such event shall occur or condition shall exist, if the effect of such 
default, event or condition is to accelerate the maturity of any portion of 
the Debt or to permit Lender to accelerate the maturity of all or any 
portion of the Debt;

(xvii) intentionally omitted; or

(xviii) if any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall 
continue to be in Default under any of the other terms, covenants or 
conditions of this Agreement not specified in subsections (i) to (xvii) 
above, for ten (10) days after written notice to Borrower or Operating 
Lessee from Lender, in the case of any Default which can be cured by the 
payment of a sum of money, or for thirty (30) days after written notice 
from Lender in the case of any other Default; provided, however, that if 
such non-monetary Default is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be 
cured within such thirty (30) day period and provided further that the 
applicable Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall have 
commenced to cure such Default within such thirty (30) day period and 
thereafter diligently and expeditiously proceeds to cure the same, such 
thirty (30) day period shall be extended for such time as is reasonably 
necessary for such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, in 
the exercise of due diligence, to cure such Default, such additional period 
not to exceed ninety (90) days.

(b) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default 
(other than an Event of Default described in clauses (vi), (vii) or (viii) 
above) and at any time thereafter, in addition to any other rights or 
remedies available to it pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents or at law or in equity, Lender may take such action, without 
notice or demand, that Lender deems advisable to protect and enforce its 
rights against Borrower or Operating Lessee and in and to all Properties, 
any Individual Property or any portion thereof, including, without 
limitation, declaring the Debt to be immediately due and payable, and 
Lender may enforce or avail itself of any or all rights or remedies 
provided in the Loan Documents against Borrower and any or all of the 
Properties, including, without limitation, all rights or remedies available 
at law or in equity; and upon any Event of Default described in clauses 
(vi), (vii) or (viii) above, the Debt and Other Obligations of Borrower or 
Operating Lessee hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall 
immediately and automatically become due and payable, without notice or 
demand, and Borrower and Operating Lessee hereby expressly waive any such 
notice or demand, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document 
to the contrary notwithstanding.
 
-133-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 8.2 Remedies. (a) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of 
an Event of Default, all or any one or more of the rights, powers, 
privileges and other remedies available to Lender against Borrower or 
Operating Lessee under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents 
executed and delivered by, or applicable to, Borrower or Operating Lessee 
or at law or in equity may be exercised by Lender at any time and from time 
to time, whether or not all or any of the Debt shall be declared due and 
payable, and whether or not Lender shall have commenced any foreclosure 
proceeding or other action for the enforcement of its rights and remedies 
under any of the Loan Documents with respect to all Properties, any 
Individual Property or any portion thereof. Any such actions taken by 
Lender shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued independently, 
singularly, successively, together or otherwise, at such time and in such 
order as Lender may determine in its sole discretion, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, without impairing or otherwise affecting the other rights 
and remedies of Lender permitted by law, equity or contract or as set forth 
herein or in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, Borrower and Operating Lessee agree that if an Event of 
Default is continuing (i) Lender is not subject to any one action or 
election of remedies law or rule, and (ii) all liens and other rights, 
remedies or privileges provided to Lender shall remain in full force and 
effect until Lender has exhausted all of its remedies against the 
Properties and each Mortgage has been foreclosed, sold and/or otherwise 
realized upon in satisfaction of the Debt or the Debt has been paid in 
full, including without limitation, any liquidation fees, workout fees, 
special servicing fees and interest payable on advances made by the 
Servicer with respect to delinquent debt service payments or expenses of 
curing Borrowers or Operating Lessees defaults under the Loan Documents 
or other similar fees payable to Servicer or any special servicer in 
connection therewith.

(b) With respect to Borrower, Operating Lessee and the Properties, nothing 
contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall be construed as 
requiring Lender to resort to any Individual Property for the satisfaction 
of any of the Debt in any preference or priority to any other Individual 
Property, and Lender may seek satisfaction out of all of the Properties, or 
any part thereof, in its absolute discretion in respect of the Debt. In 
addition, Lender shall have the right from time to time to partially 
foreclose the Mortgages in any manner and for any amounts secured by the 
Mortgages then due and payable as determined by Lender in its sole 
discretion including, without limitation, the following circumstances: (i) 
in the event an Event of Default occurs in respect of the payment of one or 
more scheduled payments of interest, Lender may foreclose one or more of 
the Mortgages to recover such delinquent payments or (ii) in the event 
Lender elects to accelerate less than the entire outstanding principal 
balance of the Loan, Lender may foreclose one or more of the Mortgages to 
recover so much of the principal balance of the Loan as Lender may 
accelerate and such other sums secured by one or more of the Mortgages as 
Lender may elect. Notwithstanding one or more partial foreclosures, the 
Properties shall remain subject to the Mortgages to secure payment of sums 
secured by the Mortgages and not previously recovered.

(c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, 
Lender shall have the right from time to time to sever the Note and the 
other Loan Documents into one or more separate notes, mortgages and other 
security documents in a manner consistent with Section 9.1.2 hereof (the 
Severed Loan Documents) in such denominations as Lender shall determine in 
its sole discretion for purposes of evidencing and enforcing its rights and 
remedies provided hereunder. Borrower and Operating Lessee shall execute 
and deliver to
 
-134-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lender from time to time, promptly after the request of Lender, a severance 
agreement and such other documents as Lender shall request in order to 
effect the severance described in the preceding sentence, all in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender. Borrower and Operating Lessee 
hereby absolutely and irrevocably appoint Lender as its respective true and 
lawful attorney, coupled with an interest, in its name and stead to make 
and execute all documents necessary or desirable to effect the aforesaid 
severance, Borrower and Operating Lessee ratifying all that its said 
attorney shall do by virtue thereof; provided, however, Lender shall not 
make or execute any such documents under such power until three (3) days 
after written notice has been given to Borrower or Operating Lessee by 
Lender of Lenders intent to exercise its rights under such power. Borrower 
shall be obligated to pay any costs or expenses incurred in connection with 
the preparation, execution, recording or filing of the Severed Loan 
Documents and the Severed Loan Documents shall not contain any 
representations, warranties or covenants not contained in the Loan 
Documents and any such representations and warranties contained in the 
Severed Loan Documents will be given by Borrower and Operating Lessee only 
as of the Closing Date.

(d) As used in this Section 8.2, a foreclosure shall include, without 
limitation, any sale by power of sale.

Section 8.3 Remedies Cumulative; Waivers. The rights, powers and remedies 
of Lender under this Agreement shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any 
other right, power or remedy which Lender may have against Borrower or 
Operating Lessee pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or 
existing at law or in equity or otherwise. Lenders rights, powers and 
remedies may be pursued singularly, concurrently or otherwise, at such time 
and in such order as Lender may determine in Lenders sole discretion. No 
delay or omission to exercise any remedy, right or power accruing upon an 
Event of Default shall impair any such remedy, right or power or shall be 
construed as a waiver thereof, but any such remedy, right or power may be 
exercised from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient. A 
waiver of one Default or Event of Default with respect to Borrower or 
Operating Lessee shall not be construed to be a waiver of any subsequent 
Default or Event of Default by Borrower or Operating Lessee or to impair 
any remedy, right or power consequent thereon.


ARTICLE IX

SPECIAL PROVISIONS

Section 9.1 Securitization.

9.1.1 Sale of Notes and Securitization. Borrower and Operating Lessee 
acknowledges and agrees that Lender may sell all or any portion of the Loan 
and the Loan Documents, or issue one or more participations therein, or 
consummate one or more private or public securitizations of rated single- 
or multi-class securities (the Securities) secured by or evidencing 
ownership interests in all or any portion of the Loan and the Loan 
Documents or a pool of assets that include the Loan and the Loan Documents 
(such sales, participations and/or securitizations, collectively, a 
Securitization). At the request of Lender , and to the extent not already 
provided to Lender by or on behalf of Borrower in connection with the Loan, 
Borrower shall use reasonable efforts to provide information in the 
possession or control of Borrower or its
 
-135-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Affiliates and not in the possession of Lender or which may be reasonably 
required by Lender in order to satisfy the market standards to which Lender 
customarily adheres or which may be reasonably required by prospective 
investors, financing sources and/or the Rating Agencies in connection with 
any such Securitization including, without limitation, to:

(a) provide additional and/or updated Provided Information;

(b) review, and comment on the Disclosure Documents delivered to Borrower 
in accordance with the terms of this Section 9.1, which Disclosure 
Documents shall be delivered to Borrower for review and comment by Borrower 
not less than three (3) Business Days prior to the date upon which Borrower 
is otherwise required to confirm such Disclosure Documents;

(c) deliver an updated Insolvency Opinion;

(d) deliver an opinion of New York counsel with respect to due execution 
and enforceability of the Loan Documents governed by New York law 
substantially the same as those delivered as of the Closing Date, which 
opinions shall be addressed, for purposes of reliance thereon, to each 
Person acquiring any interest in the Loan in connection with any 
Securitization, which counsel opinions shall be reasonably satisfactory to 
Lender and the Approved Rating Agencies (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
neither Borrower nor Guarantor shall be required to deliver a 10b-5 
opinion);

(e) subject to Section 9.3 hereof, confirm the representations and 
warranties as set forth in the Loan Documents are true, complete and 
correct in all material respects as of the closing date of the 
Securitization with respect to the Property, Borrower, Operating Lessee and 
the Loan Documents (except to the extent that any such representations and 
warranties are and can only be made as of a specific date and the facts and 
circumstances upon which such representation and warranty is based are 
specific solely to a certain date in which case confirmation as to truth, 
completeness and correctness shall be provided as of such specific date or 
to the extent such representations are no longer true and correct as a 
result of subsequent events in which case Borrower shall provide an updated 
representation or warranty);

(f) if requested by Lender, review the sections of the Disclosure Document 
entitled Risk Factors (solely to the extent the Risk Factors relate to 
Borrower, Operating Lessee, Guarantor, Manager, the Management Agreement 
and the Properties), Special Considerations, Description of the 
Mortgage, Description of the Mortgage Loan and Mortgaged Property, 
Description of the Borrower, Description of the Property Manager, 
Management Agreement and Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment 
Agreements, The Manager, and The Borrower and Annex E  
Representations and Warranties of the Borrowers Description of the 
Operating Lease, Description of the Operating Lessee (or sections 
similarly titled or covering similar subject matters) , in each case, 
solely to the extent relating to the collateral for the Loan, Borrower, 
Operating Lessee, Guarantor or a Manager;

(g) execute such amendments to the Loan Documents as may be reasonably 
necessary to reflect structural changes to the Loan, including, without 
limitation, immaterial changes related to the cash management structure, 
that are requested in writing from Lender, from time to time, prior to a 
Securitization; provided that any such amendments (i) shall not
 
-136-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
increase (x) any monetary obligation of any Individual Borrower, Individual 
Operating Lessee or Guarantor, or (y) any other obligation or liability of 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee under the Loan Documents 
in any material respect or (z) any other obligation or liability of 
Guarantor in any respect, (ii) shall not change the weighted average 
interest rate of the Loan in place immediately prior to such amendment 
(except following an Event of Default or any prepayment of the Loan 
pursuant to Section 2.4.2 hereof or to the extent that the application of a 
prepayment to the Components of Loan pursuant to Section 2.4.4 results in 
rate creep), (iii) shall not affect the aggregate amortization of the 
Loan, (iv) shall not change the dates of the Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date or the Payment Date, (v) shall not affect the time periods during 
which Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is permitted to 
perform any obligations under the Loan Documents, (v) shall not decrease 
any Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees rights or 
remedies under the Loan Documents in any respect and (vi) shall be in 
substantially the same form as the Loan Agreement; and

(h) if reasonably requested by Lender, Borrower shall provide Lender, 
within a reasonable period of time following Lenders request, with any 
financial statements, or financial, statistical or operating information, 
as Lender shall reasonably determine to be required pursuant to Regulation 
AB under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or 
any amendment, modification or replacement thereto or other legal 
requirements in connection with any Disclosure Documents or any filing 
pursuant to the Exchange Act in connection with the Securitization or as 
shall otherwise be reasonably requested by Lender, so long as providing 
such statements or information would not cause Borrower or any of its 
Affiliates to be in violation of applicable securities laws.

9.1.2 Loan Components. (a) Borrower covenants and agrees that prior to a 
Securitization of the Loan, upon Lenders request Borrower shall (i) 
deliver one or more new notes to replace the original note or modify the 
original note and other loan documents, as reasonably required, to reflect 
additional components of the Loan or allocate interest rate or principal 
among any new components in Lenders sole discretion, provided, (1) such 
new or modified note shall at all times have the same weighted average 
interest rate of the original Note (except following an Event of Default or 
any prepayment of the Loan pursuant to Section 2.4.2 hereof or to the 
extent that the application of a prepayment to the Components of Loan 
pursuant to Section 2.4.4 results in rate creep), (2) no amortization of 
principal of the Loan will be required and (3) there shall be no 
modification to any Loan Document other than as necessary to reflect the 
additional components of the Loan or allocation of interest rate to such 
new components, as applicable (including, without limitation, any change in 
the outstanding principal amount of the Loan or the Maturity Date, any 
decrease in any time period in which any Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee is permitted to perform its applicable obligations under 
the Loan Documents or any change in any prepayment premium that would not 
otherwise have been due as of the Closing Date based upon the definition of 
Yield Maintenance Premium), and (ii) modify the Cash Management Agreement 
to reflect such new components; and further provided, that none of the 
foregoing actions shall have a material adverse effect on any Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee or affect any rights or obligations 
of any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee under the Loan 
Documents in any materially adverse respect.
 
-137-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Intentionally Omitted.

(c) Borrower shall execute and deliver such documents as shall reasonably 
be required by Lender in connection with this Section 9.1.2, all in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender and the Rating Agencies 
within ten (10) days following a written request by Lender. It shall be an 
Event of Default if Borrower fails to promptly comply in all material 
respects with the terms, covenants or conditions of this Section 9.1.2. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Lender shall cause all 
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Borrower in connection with this 
Section 9.1.2 (including, without limitation, any documentary stamp taxes, 
intangible taxes and other recording taxes) to be paid by Lender.

(d) Notwithstanding any action taken by Lender pursuant to this Section 
9.1.2, Borrower and/or Operating Lessee shall, at all times, be required to 
send notice and obtain consents from a single agent of Lender or master 
servicer with respect to the Loan.

9.1.3 Uncross of Properties. Borrower agrees that at any time Lender shall 
have the unilateral right to elect to uncross the Properties. In 
furtherance thereof, Lender shall have the right to (i) sever or divide the 
Note and the other Loan Documents in order to allocate to each Individual 
Property the applicable Release Amount which shall be evidenced by a new 
note (each, a New Note) having a principal amount equal to the Release 
Amount applicable to such Individual Property and evidenced and/or secured 
by other new loan documents (each such New Note and other new loan 
documents, collectively, New Loan Documents), (ii) segregate the 
applicable portion of each of the Reserve Funds relating to each Individual 
Property , (iii) release any cross-default and/or cross-collateralization 
provisions applicable to the Properties and (iv) take such additional 
action consistent therewith; provided, that (A) the New Loan Documents, 
taken as a whole, shall not (1) modify (w) the initial weighted average 
interest rate payable under the Note, (x) the Maturity Date, (y) the 
aggregate amortization of principal of the Note, (z) any other material 
economic term of the Loan, as any existed prior to the creation of the New 
Notes and splitting of the Loan or (2) decrease the time periods during 
which any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is required or 
permitted to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents, and (B) each 
New Loan Document shall be in substantially the same form as the 
corresponding Loan Document. At the request of Lender, Borrower shall 
otherwise cooperate with Lenders reasonable requests in Lenders attempt 
to satisfy the requirements necessary in order for Lender to obtain a 
Rating Agency Confirmation in connection with any uncrossing of the 
Properties pursuant to this Section 9.1.3, which requirements shall 
include, without limitation: (A) delivery of evidence that would be 
reasonably satisfactory to a prudent lender that the single purpose nature 
and bankruptcy remoteness of each Individual Borrower and Individual 
Operating Lessee has not been adversely affected and are in accordance with 
the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which evidence may include a 
bring-down of the Insolvency Opinion); and (B) if the same would be 
required by a prudent lender in such circumstances, an opinion of counsel 
that the uncrossing of the Properties pursuant to this Section 9.1.3 will 
not be a significant modification of this Loan within the meaning of 
Section 1.1001-3 of the regulations of the United States Department of the 
Treasury, nor cause a Securitization Vehicle to fail to qualify as a REMIC 
Trust or Grantor Trust or a tax to be imposed on a Securitization Vehicle. 
Provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
under the Loan Documents, Lender shall cause all reasonable costs and 
expenses incurred by Borrower in connection with this Section 9.1.3 
(including, without limitation, any documentary stamp taxes, intangible 
taxes, other recording taxes and any costs and expenses incurred by 
Borrower) to be paid by Lender.

9.1.4 Securitization Costs. All reasonable third party out-of-pocket costs 
and expenses incurred by Borrower and Guarantor in connection with 
Borrowers complying with requests made under Section 9.1 (including, 
without limitation, the fees and expenses of the Rating Agencies) shall be 
paid by Lender. All of Lenders costs and expenses, including Lenders 
legal fees, incurred in connection with a Securitization shall be paid by 
Lender.
 
-138-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.2 Securitization Indemnification. (a) Borrower understands that 
certain of the Provided Information may be included in Disclosure Documents 
in connection with the Securitization and may also be included in filings 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, 
or Exchange Act or provided or made available to investors or prospective 
investors in the Securities, the Rating Agencies, and service providers 
relating to the Securitization. In the event that the Disclosure Document 
is required to be revised prior to the sale of all Securities, Borrower 
will cooperate with the holder of the Note in updating the Covered 
Disclosure Information by providing all current information necessary to 
keep the Covered Disclosure Information accurate and complete in all 
material respects.

(b) The Indemnifying Persons agree to provide, in connection with the 
Securitization, an indemnification agreement (A) certifying that (i) the 
Indemnifying Persons have, at Lenders request in connection with each 
Securitization, reviewed the sections of the Disclosure Documents entitled 
Risk Factors (solely to the extent the Risk Factors relate to Borrower, 
Guarantor, Operating Lessee, the Management Agreement and the Properties), 
Special Considerations, Description of the Mortgage, Description of 
the Mortgage Loan and Mortgaged Property, Description of the Borrower, 
Description of Operating Lessee, Description of Operating Lease, 
Description of the Property Manager, Management Agreement and 
Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreements, The Manager, 
The Operating Lessee and The Borrower and Annex E  Representations 
and Warranties of the Borrowers (collectively with the Provided 
Information, the Covered Disclosure Information), in each case, solely to 
the extent relating to the collateral for the Loan, Borrower, Operating 
Lessee, Guarantor or a Manager, and (ii) the Covered Disclosure Information 
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light 
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (B) 
jointly and severally indemnifying the Indemnified Persons for any losses, 
claims, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses (including without 
limitation reasonable legal fees and expenses for enforcement of these 
obligations (collectively, the Liabilities) to which any such Indemnified 
Person may become subject insofar as the Liabilities arise out of or are 
based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material 
fact contained in the Covered Disclosure Information or arise out of or are 
based upon the omission or alleged omission to state in the Covered 
Disclosure Information a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary in order to make the statements in the Covered Disclosure 
Information, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
misleading and (C) agreeing to reimburse each Indemnified Person for any 
legal or other expenses incurred by such Indemnified Person, as they are 
incurred, in connection with investigating or defending the Liabilities. 
This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which 
Borrower may otherwise have. Moreover, the indemnification and 
reimbursement obligations provided for in clauses (B) and (C) above shall 
be effective, valid and binding obligations of Indemnifying Persons, 
whether or not an indemnification agreement described in clause (A) above 
is provided.
 
-139-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) In connection with Exchange Act Filings, the Indemnifying Persons 
jointly and severally agree to indemnify (i) the Indemnified Persons for 
Liabilities to which any such Indemnified Person may become subject insofar 
as the Liabilities arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or 
alleged untrue statement of any material fact in the Covered Disclosure 
Information, or the omission or alleged omission to state in the Covered 
Disclosure Information a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary in order to make the statements in the Covered Disclosure 
Information, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
misleading and (ii) reimburse each Indemnified Person for any legal or 
other expenses incurred by such Indemnified Persons, as they are incurred, 
in connection with defending or investigating the Liabilities.

(d) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person of notice of any claim 
or the commencement of any action, the Indemnified Person shall, if a claim 
in respect thereof is to be made against any Indemnifying Person, notify 
such Indemnifying Person in writing of the claim or the commencement of 
that action; provided, however, that the failure to notify such 
Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability which it may 
have under the indemnification provisions of this Section 9.2 except to the 
extent that it has been materially prejudiced by such failure and, 
provided, further, that the failure to notify such Indemnifying Person 
shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have to an Indemnified 
Person otherwise than under the provisions of this Section 9.2. If any such 
claim or action shall be brought against an Indemnified Person, and it 
shall notify any Indemnifying Person thereof, such Indemnifying Person 
shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it wishes, 
assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the 
Indemnified Person. After notice from any Indemnifying Person to the 
Indemnified Person of its election to assume the defense of such claim or 
action, such Indemnifying Person shall not be liable to the Indemnified 
Person for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the 
Indemnified Person in connection with the defense thereof except as 
provided in the following sentence; provided, however, if the defendants in 
any such action include both an Indemnifying Person, on the one hand, and 
one or more Indemnified Persons on the other hand, and an Indemnified 
Person shall have reasonably concluded that there are any legal defenses 
available to it and/or other Indemnified Persons that are different or in 
addition to those available to the Indemnifying Person, the Indemnified 
Person or Persons shall have the right to select separate counsel to assert 
such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such 
action on behalf of such Indemnified Person or Persons. The Indemnified 
Person shall instruct its counsel to maintain reasonably detailed billing 
records for fees and disbursements for which such Indemnified Person is 
seeking reimbursement hereunder and shall submit copies of such detailed 
billing records to substantiate that such counsels fees and disbursements 
are solely related to the defense of a claim for which the Indemnifying 
Person is required hereunder to indemnify such Indemnified Person. No 
Indemnifying Person shall be liable for the expenses of more than one (1) 
such separate counsel unless such Indemnified Person shall have reasonably 
concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are 
different from or additional to those available to another Indemnified 
Person.
 
-140-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Without the prior written consent of Lender or its designee (which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), no Indemnifying 
Person shall settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment 
in any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect 
of which indemnification may be sought hereunder (whether or not any 
Indemnified Person is an actual or potential party to such claim, action, 
suit or proceeding) unless the Indemnifying Person shall have given Lender 
or its designee reasonable prior written notice thereof and shall have 
obtained an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person hereunder from 
all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceedings. As 
long as an Indemnifying Person has complied with its obligations to defend 
and indemnify hereunder, such Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for 
any settlement made by any Indemnified Person without the consent of such 
Indemnifying Person (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed).

(f) The Indemnifying Persons agree that if any indemnification or 
reimbursement sought pursuant to this Section 9.2 is finally judicially 
determined to be unavailable for any reason or is insufficient to hold any 
Indemnified Person harmless (with respect only to the Liabilities that are 
the subject of this Section 9.2), then the Indemnifying Persons, on the one 
hand, and such Indemnified Person, on the other hand, shall contribute to 
the Liabilities for which such indemnification or reimbursement is held 
unavailable or is insufficient: (x) in such proportion as is appropriate to 
reflect the relative benefits to the Indemnifying Persons, on the one hand, 
and such Indemnified Person, on the other hand, from the transactions to 
which such indemnification or reimbursement relates; or (y) if the 
allocation provided by clause (x) above is not permitted by applicable law, 
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative 
benefits referred to in clause (x) but also the relative faults of the 
Indemnifying Persons, on the one hand, and all Indemnified Persons, on the 
other hand, as well as any other equitable considerations. Notwithstanding 
the provisions of this Section 9.2, (A) no party found liable for a 
fraudulent misrepresentation shall be entitled to contribution from any 
other party who is not also found liable for such fraudulent 
misrepresentation, and (B) the Indemnifying Persons agree that in no event 
shall the amount to be contributed by the Indemnified Persons collectively 
pursuant to this paragraph exceed the amount of the fees actually received 
by the Indemnified Persons in connection with the closing of the Loan and 
Securitization.

(g) The Indemnifying Persons agree that the indemnification, contribution 
and reimbursement obligations set forth in this Section 9.2 shall apply 
whether or not any Indemnified Person is a formal party to any lawsuits, 
claims or other proceedings. The Indemnifying Persons further agree that 
the Indemnified Persons are intended third party beneficiaries under this 
Section 9.2.

(h) The liabilities and obligations of the Indemnified Persons and the 
Indemnifying Persons under this Section 9.2 shall survive the termination 
of this Agreement and the satisfaction and discharge of the Debt.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Borrower 
shall have no obligation to act as depositor with respect to the Loan or an 
issuer or registrant with respect to the Securities issued in any 
Securitization.
 
-141-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.3 Exculpation. (a) Subject to the qualifications set forth in 
this Section 9.3, Lender shall not enforce the liability and obligation of 
any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee to perform and 
observe its respective obligations contained in the Note (as to Borrower) 
or this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which it is a party by any 
action or proceeding wherein a money judgment shall be sought against any 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, except that Lender may 
bring a foreclosure action, an action for specific performance or any other 
appropriate action or proceeding to enable Lender to enforce and realize 
upon its interest under the Note, this Agreement, the Mortgages and the 
other Loan Documents, or in the Properties, the Rents, or any other 
collateral given to Lender pursuant to the Loan Documents; provided, 
however, that, except as specifically provided herein, any judgment in any 
such action or proceeding shall be enforceable against any Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee only to the extent of such 
Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees interest in the 
applicable Individual Property, in the Rents and in any other collateral 
given to Lender, and Lender, by accepting the Note, this Agreement, the 
Mortgages and the other Loan Documents, agrees that it shall not sue for, 
seek or demand any deficiency judgment against any Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee in any such action or proceeding under or by 
reason of or under or in connection with the Note, this Agreement, the 
Mortgages or the other Loan Documents. The provisions of this Section shall 
not, however, (i) constitute a waiver, release or impairment of any 
obligation evidenced or secured by any of the Loan Documents; (ii) impair 
the right of Lender to name any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee as a party defendant in any action or suit for foreclosure and sale 
under any of the Mortgages; (iii) affect the validity or enforceability of 
or any guaranty made in connection with the Loan or any of the rights and 
remedies of Lender thereunder; (iv) impair the right of Lender to obtain 
the appointment of a receiver; (v) impair the enforcement of any assignment 
of leases contained in any of the Mortgages; or (vi) constitute a 
prohibition against Lender to seek a deficiency judgment against Borrower 
in order to fully realize the security granted by each of the Mortgages or 
to commence any other appropriate action or proceeding in order for Lender 
to exercise its remedies against any or all of the Properties.

(b) Nothing contained herein shall in any manner or way release, affect or 
impair the right of Lender to enforce the liability and obligation of any 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, by money judgment or 
otherwise, to the extent of any loss, damage, cost, expense, liability, 
claim or other obligation to the extent actually incurred by Lender 
(including reasonable attorneys fees and costs reasonably incurred) 
arising out of or incurred in connection with the following actions or 
omissions on the part of Guarantor, any Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee, any Affiliated Manager or any Affiliate of Guarantor, any 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee or any Affiliated 
Manager:

(i) fraud or material and willful misrepresentation by any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal, Guarantor, any 
Affiliated Manager or any Affiliate of any Individual Borrower, any 
Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal, Guarantor, any Affiliated 
Manager in connection with the Loan;

(ii) willful misconduct by any Individual Borrower, any Individual 
Operating Lessee, any Principal, Guarantor, any Affiliated Manager or any 
Affiliate of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any 
Principal, Guarantor, any Affiliated Manager that results in physical 
damage or waste to any Individual Property;
 
-142-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) the removal or disposal by, or on behalf, of any Individual Borrower, 
any Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal, Guarantor, any Affiliated 
Manager or any Affiliate of any Individual Borrower, any Individual 
Operating Lessee, any Principal, Guarantor, any Affiliated Manager, of any 
portion of any Individual Property during the continuance of an Event of 
Default;

(iv) the misappropriation or conversion by any Individual Borrower, any 
Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal, Guarantor, any Affiliated 
Manager or any Affiliate of any Individual Borrower, any Individual 
Operating Lessee, any Principal, Guarantor, any Affiliated Manager of (A) 
any Insurance Proceeds paid by reason of a Casualty, (B) any Awards 
received in connection with a Condemnation of all or a portion of any 
Individual Property, (C) any Rents during the continuance of an Event of 
Default, or (D) any Rents paid more than one month in advance;

(v) a material breach of any covenant set forth in Section 5.1.28(a), (b) 
or (c) hereof;

(vi) if Borrower fails to obtain Lenders prior written consent to any 
financing or other voluntary Lien encumbering any Individual Property, if 
such consent is required in accordance with the applicable provisions of 
the Loan Documents;

(vii) if Borrower or Operating Lessee fails to obtain Lenders prior 
written consent to any Transfer of the Property or a Transfer of the 
ownership interests in Borrower or Operating Lessee, in each case, as 
required by Section 5.2.10 hereof, and in each case, excluding Permitted 
Transfers; or

(viii) the occurrence of an ERISA Event.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Note or 
any of the Loan Documents, (i) Lender shall not be deemed to have waived 
any right which Lender may have under Section 506(a), 506(b), 1111(b) or 
any other provisions of the Bankruptcy Code to file a claim for the full 
amount of the Debt secured by the Mortgages or to require that all 
collateral shall continue to secure all of the Debt owing to Lender in 
accordance with the Loan Documents, and (ii) the Debt shall be fully 
recourse to Borrower in the event of: (A) any Individual Borrower, 
Individual Operating Lessee or Principal filing a voluntary petition under 
the Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency 
law; (B) the filing of an involuntary petition by any Person (other than 
Lender) against any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or 
Principal under the Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal or state 
bankruptcy or insolvency law in which any Individual Borrower, any 
Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal or Guarantor or any Affiliate of 
any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal or 
Guarantor colludes with, or otherwise assists, such Person, or solicits or 
causes to be solicited petitioning creditors for any involuntary petition 
against any Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee or Principal, 
by any Person (other than Lender); (C) any Individual Borrower, Individual 
Operating Lessee, any Principal or Guarantor or any Affiliate of any 
Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal or 
Guarantor filing an answer consenting to or otherwise acquiescing in or 
joining in any involuntary petition filed against any Individual Borrower, 
Individual Operating Lessee or
 
-143-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any Principal, by any other Person (other than Lender) under the Bankruptcy 
Code or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law or (D) any 
Individual Borrower, Individual Operating Lessee, Principal consenting to 
or acquiescing in or joining in an application for the appointment of a 
custodian, receiver, trustee, or examiner for any Individual Borrower, 
Individual Operating Lessee, any Principal, or any portion of the 
Properties.

Section 9.4 Matters Concerning Manager. If an Event of Default has occurred 
and remains uncured and either (a) a Manager becomes subject to a 
Bankruptcy Action or (b) a Manager is in default under the Management 
Agreement to which it is a party beyond any applicable grace or cure 
period, the Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee that is 
party to such Management Agreement shall, in each case, at the request of 
Lender, exercise its contractual rights under such Management Agreement to 
terminate such Management Agreement and replace such Manager with a 
Qualified Manager pursuant to a Replacement Management Agreement, it being 
understood and agreed that the management fee for such Qualified Manager 
shall not exceed then prevailing market rates.

Section 9.5 Servicer. At the option of Lender, the Loan may be serviced by 
a master servicer, primary servicer, special servicer and/or trustee (any 
such master servicer, primary servicer, special servicer, and trustee, 
together with its agents, nominees or designees, are collectively referred 
to as servicer (Servicer) selected by Lender and Lender may delegate all 
or any portion of its responsibilities under this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents to Servicer pursuant to a pooling and servicing agreement, 
special servicing agreement or other agreement providing for the servicing 
of one or more mortgage loans (collectively, the Servicing Agreement) 
between Lender and Servicer. Lender shall be responsible for any reasonable 
set-up fees or any other initial costs relating to or arising under the 
Servicing Agreement and Borrower shall not be responsible for payment of 
the regular monthly master servicing fee or trustee fee due to Servicer or 
the trustee under the Servicing Agreement or any fees or expenses required 
to be borne by Servicer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall 
promptly reimburse Lender on demand for the following: all actual 
out-of-pocket reasonable costs and expenses, liquidation fees, workout 
fees, special servicing fees, operating advisor fees, certificate 
administrator fees or any other similar fees and to the extent charges 
pursuant to Section 2.3.4 hereof and interest at the Default Rate actually 
paid by Borrower is insufficient to pay for same, interest payable on 
advances made by the Servicer or the trustee with respect to (a) delinquent 
Debt Service payments or expenses of curing any default by any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or Guarantor under the Loan 
Documents, payable by Lender to Servicer or a trustee and provided for 
under the Servicing Agreement or actual out-of-pocket reasonable expenses 
paid by Servicer or a trustee in respect of the protection and preservation 
of the Properties (including, without limitation, payments of Taxes and 
Insurance Premiums), (b) as a result of an Event of Default or the Loan 
becoming specially serviced, an enforcement, refinancing or restructuring 
of the credit arrangements provided under this Agreement in the nature of a 
work-out of the Loan Documents or of any insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceeding of any Individual Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee or 
Guarantor or (c) the costs of all property inspections and/or appraisals of 
the Properties (or any updates to any existing inspection or appraisal) 
that Servicer may be required to obtain (other than the cost of regular 
annual inspections required to be borne by Servicer under the Servicing 
Agreement). Additionally, Borrower shall pay the customary and reasonable 
servicing fees in connection with any special requests made by any 
Individual Borrower, any Individual
 
-144-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Lessee or Guarantor during the term of the Loan including, 
without limitation, in connection with a prepayment, assumption or 
modification of the Loan. Lender (or a Servicer on Lenders behalf) shall 
grant or deny with a reasonable explanation any consent required hereunder 
within a ten (10) day period (or such shorter period as provided in this 
Agreement) after the receipt of the applicable request and all documents in 
connection therewith. In the event that Lender (or a Servicer on Lenders 
behalf) fails to respond within said ten (10) day period (or such shorter 
period as provided in this Agreement), such failure shall be deemed to be 
the consent and approval of Lender (or a Servicer on Lenders behalf) if, 
after the expiration of said ten (10) day period (A) Borrower has 
resubmitted to Lender (or a Servicer on Lenders behalf) the applicable 
documents, with the notation IMMEDIATE RESPONSE REQUIRED, FAILURE TO 
RESPOND TO THIS APPROVAL REQUEST WITHIN FIVE (5) DAYS (OR SUCH SHORTER 
PERIOD AS REQUIRED BY THIS AGREEMENT) FROM RECEIPT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE 
LENDERS APPROVAL prominently displayed in bold, all caps and fourteen 
(14) point or larger font in the transmittal letter requesting approval and 
(B) Lender (or a Servicer on Lenders behalf) does not approve or reject 
(with a reasonable explanation) the applicable request within such five (5) 
day period (or such shorter period as provided in this Agreement) from the 
date Lender (or a Servicer on Lenders behalf) receives such request as 
evidenced by a certified mail return receipt or confirmation by a reputable 
national overnight delivery service that the same has been delivered. 
Lender hereby agrees to endeavor to appoint Midland Loan Services as the 
initial master servicer of the Loan.

Section 9.6 Intentionally Omitted.

Section 9.7 Register. (a) The Servicer, or if no Servicer has been engaged, 
Lender, as non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, shall maintain a record that 
identifies each owner (including successors and assignees) of an interest 
in the Loan, including the name and address of the owner, and each owners 
rights to principal and stated interest (the Register), and shall record 
all transfers of an interest in the Loan, including each assignment, in the 
Register. Transfers of interests in the Loan (including assignments) shall 
be subject to the applicable conditions set forth in the Loan Documents 
with respect thereto and Servicer will update the Register to reflect the 
transfer. Furthermore, each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting 
solely for this purpose as agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which 
it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal 
amounts and stated interest of each participants interest (the 
Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation 
to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person 
(including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a 
participants interest) except to the extent that such disclosure is 
necessary to establish that such obligation is in registered form under 
Section 5f.103-1(c) of the U.S. Department of Treasury regulations. The 
entries in the Register and Participant Register shall be conclusive absent 
manifest error. Borrower, the Lenders and the Servicer shall treat each 
Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof 
as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, and Borrower, the 
Lenders and the Servicer shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in 
the Participant Register pursuant to the terms hereof as the owner of such 
participation for all purposes of this Agreement. Failure to make any such 
recordation, or any error in such recordation, however, shall not affect 
Borrowers obligations in respect of the Loan. Borrower and Lender 
acknowledge that the Notes are in registered form and may not be 
transferred except by register.
 
-145-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Borrower agrees that each participant pursuant to Section 9.1.1(a) 
shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.7 (subject to the 
requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under 
Section 2.7(e) (it being understood that the documentation required under 
Section 2.7(e) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same 
extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment; 
provided that such participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions 
of Section 2.7(h) as if it were an assignee hereunder; and (B) shall not be 
entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.7, with respect to 
any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled 
to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater 
payment results from a change in a requirement of law or in the 
interpretation or application thereof, or compliance by such participant or 
the participating Lender with any request or directive (whether or not 
having the force of law) issued from any central bank or other Governmental 
Authority, in each case after the participant acquired the applicable 
participation.


ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1 Survival. This Agreement and all covenants, agreements, 
representations and warranties made herein and in the certificates 
delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the making by Lender of the Loan 
and the execution and delivery to Lender of the Note, and shall continue in 
full force and effect so long as all or any of the Debt is outstanding and 
unpaid unless a longer period is expressly set forth herein or in the other 
Loan Documents. Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is 
referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the legal 
representatives, successors and assigns of such party. All covenants, 
promises and agreements in this Agreement, by or on behalf of any 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall inure to the 
benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of Lender.

Section 10.2 Lenders Discretion. Whenever pursuant to this Agreement, 
Lender exercises any right given to it to approve or disapprove, or any 
arrangement or term is to be satisfactory to Lender, the decision of Lender 
to approve or disapprove or to decide whether arrangements or terms are 
satisfactory or not satisfactory shall (except as is otherwise specifically 
herein provided) be in the sole discretion of Lender and shall be final and 
conclusive.

Section 10.3 Governing Law. (a) THIS AGREEMENT WAS NEGOTIATED IN THE STATE 
OF NEW YORK, THE LOAN WAS MADE BY LENDER AND ACCEPTED BY BORROWER IN THE 
STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE PROCEEDS OF THE LOAN DELIVERED PURSUANT HERETO 
WERE DISBURSED FROM THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WHICH STATE THE PARTIES AGREE 
HAS A SUBSTANTIAL RELATIONSHIP TO THE PARTIES AND TO THE UNDERLYING 
TRANSACTION EMBODIED HEREBY, AND IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY 
AND PERFORMANCE, THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTE AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND 
THE
 
-146-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE 
TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE AND ANY APPLICABLE LAW OF THE 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, EXCEPT THAT AT ALL TIMES THE PROVISIONS FOR THE 
CREATION, PERFECTION, AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE LIENS AND SECURITY INTERESTS 
CREATED PURSUANT HERETO AND PURSUANT TO THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE 
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAW OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE 
APPLICABLE INDIVIDUAL PROPERTY IS LOCATED, IT BEING UNDERSTOOD THAT, TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF SUCH STATE, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF 
NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY OF ALL 
LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ALL OF THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH INDIVIDUAL BORROWER and 
INDIVIDUAL OPERATING LESSEE HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES 
ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION GOVERNS THIS 
AGREEMENT, THE NOTE AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AND THIS AGREEMENT, THE 
NOTE AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK PURSUANT TO SECTION 
5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.

(b) ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST LENDER OR ANY INDIVIDUAL 
BORROWER OR INDIVIDUAL OPERATING LESSEE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS MAY AT LENDERS OPTION BE INSTITUTED 
IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, COUNTY OF NEW YORK, 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW AND EACH 
INDIVIDUAL BORROWER AND INDIVIDUAL OPERATING LESSEE WAIVES ANY OBJECTIONS 
WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE AND/OR FORUM NON 
CONVENIENS OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND EACH INDIVIDUAL 
BORROWER AND INDIVIDUAL OPERATING LESSEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE 
JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. EACH 
INDIVIDUAL BORROWER AND INDIVIDUAL OPERATING LESSEE DOES HEREBY DESIGNATE 
AND APPOINT:


CORPORATION SERVICES COMPANY
80 STATE STREET
ALBANY, NEW YORK 12207

AS ITS AUTHORIZED AGENT TO ACCEPT AND ACKNOWLEDGE ON ITS BEHALF SERVICE OF 
ANY AND ALL PROCESS WHICH MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK, AND AGREES 
THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SAID AGENT AT SAID ADDRESS AND WRITTEN NOTICE 
OF SAID SERVICE MAILED OR DELIVERED TO BORROWER IN THE MANNER PROVIDED 
HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED IN EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON 
SUCH INDIVIDUAL BORROWER
 
-147-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OR INDIVIDUAL OPERATING LESSEE IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH INDIVIDUAL BORROWER AND INDIVIDUAL OPERATING 
LESSEE (I) SHALL GIVE PROMPT NOTICE TO LENDER OF ANY CHANGED ADDRESS OF ITS 
AUTHORIZED AGENT HEREUNDER, (II) MAY AT ANY TIME AND FROM TIME TO TIME 
DESIGNATE A SUBSTITUTE AUTHORIZED AGENT WITH AN OFFICE IN NEW YORK, NEW 
YORK (WHICH SUBSTITUTE AGENT AND OFFICE SHALL BE DESIGNATED AS THE PERSON 
AND ADDRESS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS), AND (III) SHALL PROMPTLY DESIGNATE 
SUCH A SUBSTITUTE IF ITS AUTHORIZED AGENT CEASES TO HAVE AN OFFICE IN NEW 
YORK, NEW YORK OR IS DISSOLVED WITHOUT LEAVING A SUCCESSOR.

Section 10.4 Modification, Waiver in Writing. No modification, amendment, 
extension, discharge, termination or waiver of any provision of this 
Agreement, or of the Note, or of any other Loan Document, nor consent to 
any departure by any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee 
therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in a 
writing signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought, and then 
such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance, 
and for the purpose, for which given. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided herein, no notice to, or demand on any Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee, shall entitle any Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee to any other or future notice or demand in the 
same, similar or other circumstances.

Section 10.5 Delay Not a Waiver. Neither any failure nor any delay on the 
part of Lender in insisting upon strict performance of any term, condition, 
covenant or agreement, or exercising any right, power, remedy or privilege 
hereunder, or under the Note or under any other Loan Document, or any other 
instrument given as security therefor, shall operate as or constitute a 
waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise thereof preclude any 
other future exercise, or the exercise of any other right, power, remedy or 
privilege. In particular, and not by way of limitation, by accepting 
payment after the due date of any amount payable under this Agreement, the 
Note or any other Loan Document, Lender shall not be deemed to have waived 
any right either to require prompt payment when due of all other amounts 
due under this Agreement, the Note or the other Loan Documents, or to 
declare a default for failure to effect prompt payment of any such other 
amount.

Section 10.6 Notices. All notices, consents, approvals and requests 
required or permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be 
given in writing and shall be effective for all purposes if hand delivered 
or sent by (a) certified or registered United States mail, postage prepaid, 
return receipt requested or (b) expedited prepaid delivery service, either 
commercial or United States Postal Service, with proof of attempted 
delivery, and by telecopier (with answer back acknowledged), addressed as 
follows (or at such other address and Person as shall be designated from 
time to time by any party hereto, as the case may be, in a written notice 
to the other parties hereto in the manner provided for in this Section):
 
If to Lender: 	   	JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
   	383 Madison Ave.
   	New York, New York 10179
   	Attention: Thomas Nicholas Cassino
 
-148-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and: 	   	Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch
   	60 Wall Street, 10th Floor
   	New York, New York 10005
   	Attention: Robert W. Pettinato Jr.
and: 	   	Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.
   	1585 Broadway, 25th Floor
   	New York, New York 10036
   	Attention: George Kok
and: 	   	Barclays Bank plc
   	745 Seventh Avenue
   	New York, New York 10019
   	Attention: Michael S. Birajiclian
and: 	   	Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company
   	200 West Street
   	New York, New York 10282
   	Attention: Rene Theriault
   	Facsimile: (917) 977-4870
and 	   	Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company
   	200 West Street
   	New York, New York 10282
   	Attention: General Counsel
   	Facsimile No.: (212) 291-5318
with a copy to: 	   	Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP
   	One World Financial Center
   	New York, New York 10281
   	Attention: William P. McInerney, Esq.
   	Facsimile: (212) 504-6666
 
If to Borrower:
   	
   	S.F. Hilton LLC
   	c/o Park Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
   	7930 Jones Branch Drive
   	McLean, Virginia 22102
   	Attention: General Counsel
and 	   	S.F. Hilton LLC
   	c/o Park Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
   	1600 Tysons Blvd., Suite 1000
   	McLean, Virginia 22101
   	Attention: General Counsel
 
-149-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with a copy to: 	   	Perkins Coie LLP
   	131 S. Dearborn Street, Suite 1700
   	Chicago, Illinois 60603
   	Attention: Matthew Shebuski, Esq.
   	Facsimile No.: (312) 324-9437
 
If to Operating Lessee:
   	
   	San Francisco Lessee LLC
   	c/o Park Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
   	7930 Jones Branch Drive
   	McLean, Virginia 22102
   	Attention: General Counsel
and 	   	San Francisco Lessee LLC
   	c/o Park Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
   	1600 Tysons Blvd., Suite 1000
   	McLean, Virginia 22101
   	Attention: General Counsel
with a copy to: 	   	Perkins Coie LLP
   	131 S. Dearborn Street, Suite 1700
   	Chicago, Illinois 60603
   	Attention: Matthew Shebuski, Esq.
   	Facsimile No.: (312) 324-9437

A notice shall be deemed to have been given: in the case of hand delivery, 
at the time of delivery; in the case of registered or certified mail, when 
delivered or the first attempted delivery on a Business Day; or in the case 
of expedited prepaid delivery and telecopy, upon the first attempted 
delivery on a Business Day; or in the case of telecopy, upon senders 
receipt of a machine generated confirmation of successful transmission 
after advice by telephone to recipient that a telecopy notice is 
forthcoming.

Each Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee hereby appoints 
S.F. Hilton LLC (the Representative Borrower) to serve as agent on its 
behalf to receive any notices required to be delivered to any or all of 
Individual Borrowers and/or Individual Operating Lessees hereunder or under 
the other Loan Documents and to be the sole party authorized to deliver 
notices on behalf of the Individual Borrowers and/or Individual Operating 
Lessee hereunder. Any notice delivered to the Representative Borrower shall 
be deemed to have been delivered to all Individual Borrowers and Individual 
Operating Lessees, and any notice received from the Representative Borrower 
shall be deemed to have been received from all Individual Borrowers and 
Individual Operating Lessees. The Individual Borrowers and Individual 
Operating Lessees shall be entitled from time to time to appoint a 
replacement Representative Borrower by written notice delivered to Lender 
and signed by both the new Representative Borrower and the Representative 
Borrower being so replaced.

Section 10.7 Trial by Jury. EACH INDIVIDUAL BORROWER, EACH INDIVIDUAL 
OPERATING LESSEE AND LENDER HEREBY AGREES NOT TO ELECT A
 
-150-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY JURY, AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT 
TO TRIAL BY JURY FULLY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT SHALL NOW OR 
HEREAFTER EXIST WITH REGARD TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR ANY CLAIM, 
COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER ACTION ARISING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THIS WAIVER 
OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS GIVEN KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY BY EACH 
INDIVIDUAL BORROWER, EACH INDIVIDUAL OPERATING LESSEE AND LENDER, AND IS 
INTENDED TO ENCOMPASS INDIVIDUALLY EACH INSTANCE AND EACH ISSUE AS TO WHICH 
THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WOULD OTHERWISE ACCRUE. EACH INDIVIDUAL 
BORROWER, EACH INDIVIDUAL OPERATING LESSEE AND LENDER IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED 
TO FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ANY PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE 
OF THIS WAIVER BY THE OTHER PARTY.

Section 10.8 Headings. The Article and/or Section headings and the Table of 
Contents in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference 
only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other 
purpose.

Section 10.9 Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid 
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be 
prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be 
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without 
invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of 
this Agreement.

Section 10.10 Preferences. Lender shall have the continuing and exclusive 
right to apply or reverse and reapply any and all payments by Borrower to 
any portion of the obligations of Borrower hereunder. To the extent 
Borrower makes a payment or payments to Lender, which payment or proceeds 
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent 
or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver 
or any other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common 
law or equitable cause, then, to the extent of such payment or proceeds 
received, the obligations hereunder or part thereof intended to be 
satisfied shall be revived and continue in full force and effect, as if 
such payment or proceeds had not been received by Lender.

Section 10.11 Waiver of Notice. No Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee shall be entitled to (and each such Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee waives the right to receive) any notices of any 
nature whatsoever from Lender except with respect to matters for which this 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents specifically and expressly provide 
for the giving of notice by Lender to such Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee and except with respect to matters for which an 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee is not, pursuant to 
applicable Legal Requirements, permitted to waive the giving of notice.

Section 10.12 Remedies of Borrower. In the event that a claim or 
adjudication is made that Lender or its agents have acted unreasonably or 
unreasonably delayed acting in any case where by law or under this 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Lender or such agent, as the case 
may be, has an obligation to act reasonably or promptly, Borrower agrees 
that neither Lender nor its agents shall be liable for any monetary 
damages, and Borrowers sole remedy
 
-151-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
shall be limited to commencing an action seeking injunctive relief or 
declaratory judgment. The parties hereto agree that any action or 
proceeding to determine whether Lender has acted reasonably shall be 
determined by an action seeking declaratory judgment.

Section 10.13 Expenses; Indemnity. (a) Borrower covenants and agrees to pay 
or, if Borrower fails to pay, to reimburse, Lender upon receipt of written 
notice from Lender for all reasonable costs and expenses (including 
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by Lender in connection 
with (i) the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (other than a Securitization) 
and all the costs of furnishing all opinions by counsel for any Individual 
Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee (including without limitation any 
opinions requested by Lender as to any legal matters arising under this 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents with respect to the Properties) 
subject to the terms and provisions of Section 9.1.4 hereof; (ii) any 
Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees ongoing performance 
of and compliance with its respective agreements and covenants contained in 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on its part to be performed or 
complied with after the Closing Date, including, without limitation, 
confirming compliance with environmental and insurance requirements; (iii) 
Lenders ongoing performance and compliance with all agreements and 
conditions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on its 
part to be performed or complied with after the Closing Date; (iv) the 
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and administration of any 
consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications to this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents and any other documents or matters reasonably 
requested by any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee; (v) 
securing any Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees 
compliance with any requests made pursuant to the provisions of this 
Agreement; (vi) the filing and recording fees and expenses, title insurance 
and fees and expenses of counsel for providing to Lender all required legal 
opinions, and other similar expenses incurred in creating and perfecting 
the Liens in favor of Lender pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents; (vii) enforcing or preserving any rights, in response to third 
party claims or the prosecuting or defending of any action or proceeding or 
other litigation, in each case against, under or affecting any Individual 
Borrower, any Individual Operating Lessee, this Agreement, the other Loan 
Documents, the Properties, or any other security given for the Loan; and 
(viii) enforcing any obligations of or collecting any payments due from any 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee under this Agreement, 
the other Loan Documents or with respect to the Properties (including any 
fees and expenses reasonably incurred by or payable to Servicer or a 
trustee in connection with the transfer of the Loan to a special servicer 
upon Servicers anticipation of a Default or Event of Default, liquidation 
fees, workout fees, special servicing fees, operating advisor fees or any 
other similar fees and interest payable on advances made by the Servicer 
with respect to delinquent debt service payments or expenses of curing any 
Individual Borrowers or Individual Operating Lessees defaults under the 
Loan Documents) or in connection with any refinancing or restructuring of 
the credit arrangements provided under this Agreement in the nature of a 
work out or of any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or any other 
amounts required under Section 9.5 hereof, provided, however, that no 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee shall be liable for the 
payment of any such costs and expenses to the extent the same arise by 
reason of the gross negligence, illegal acts, fraud or willful misconduct 
of Lender. Any cost and expenses due and payable to Lender may be paid from 
any amounts in the Cash Management Account.
 
-152-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Borrower shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Indemnified 
Parties from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, 
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, 
expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, 
without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in 
connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding 
commenced or threatened, whether or not an Indemnified Party shall be 
designated a party thereto), that may be imposed on, incurred by, or 
asserted against any Indemnified Party in any manner relating to or arising 
out of (i) any breach by any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee of its respective obligations under, or any material 
misrepresentation by Borrower contained in, this Agreement or the other 
Loan Documents, or (ii) the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Loan 
(collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities); provided, however, that 
Borrower shall not have any obligation to any Indemnified Party hereunder 
to the extent that such Indemnified Liabilities arise from the gross 
negligence, illegal acts, fraud or willful misconduct of such Indemnified 
Party; provided, further, that this Section 10.13(b) shall not apply with 
respect to taxes other than any taxes that represent losses or damages 
arising from any non-tax claim. To the extent that the undertaking to 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless set forth in the preceding sentence may 
be unenforceable because it violates any law or public policy, Borrower 
shall pay the maximum portion that it is permitted to pay and satisfy under 
applicable law to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified 
Liabilities incurred by the Indemnified Parties.

(c) Borrower covenants and agrees to pay for or, if Borrower fails to pay, 
to reimburse Lender for, any fees and expenses incurred by any Rating 
Agency in connection with any Rating Agency review of the Loan, the Loan 
Documents or any transaction contemplated thereby or any consent, approval, 
waiver or confirmation obtained from such Rating Agency pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document and 
Lender shall be entitled to require payment of such fees and expenses as a 
condition precedent to the obtaining of any such consent, approval, waiver 
or confirmation.

(d) Borrower shall jointly and severally indemnify the Lender and each of 
its respective officers, directors, partners, employees, representatives, 
agents and Affiliates against any liabilities to which Lender, each of its 
respective officers, directors, partners, employees, representatives, 
agents and Affiliates, may become subject in connection with any 
indemnification to the Rating Agencies in connection with issuing, 
monitoring or maintaining the Securities insofar as the liabilities arise 
out of or are based upon any untrue statement of any material fact in any 
information provided by or on behalf of any Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee to the Rating Agencies (the Covered Rating 
Agency Information) or arise out of or are based upon the omission to 
state a material fact in the Covered Rating Agency Information required to 
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements in the 
Covered Rating Agency Information, in light of the circumstances under 
which they were made, not misleading.

Section 10.14 Incorporated. The Schedules annexed hereto are hereby 
incorporated herein as a part of this Agreement with the same effect as if 
set forth in the body hereof.

Section 10.15 Offsets, Counterclaims and Defenses. Any assignee of Lenders 
interest in and to this Agreement, the Note and the other Loan Documents 
shall take the same
 
-153-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
free and clear of all offsets, counterclaims or defenses which are 
unrelated to such documents which any Individual Borrower or Individual 
Operating Lessee may otherwise have against any assignor of such documents, 
and no such unrelated counterclaim or defense shall be interposed or 
asserted by any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee in any 
action or proceeding brought by any such assignee upon such documents and 
any such right to interpose or assert any such unrelated offset, 
counterclaim or defense in any such action or proceeding is hereby 
expressly waived by each Individual Borrower and Individual Operating 
Lessee.

Section 10.16 No Joint Venture or Partnership; No Third Party Beneficiaries
. (a) Borrower, Operating Lessee and Lender intend that the relationships 
created hereunder and under the other Loan Documents be solely that of 
borrower and lender. Nothing herein or therein is intended to create a 
joint venture, partnership, tenancy-in-common, or joint tenancy 
relationship between any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee, on the one hand, and Lender, on the other hand, nor to grant Lender 
any interest in the Properties other than that of mortgagee, beneficiary or 
lender.

(b) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are solely for the benefit 
of Lender, Borrower and Operating Lessee and nothing contained in this 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to confer upon anyone 
other than Lender, Borrower and Operating Lessee any right to insist upon 
or to enforce the performance or observance of any of the obligations 
contained herein or therein. All conditions to the obligations of Lender to 
make the Loan hereunder are imposed solely and exclusively for the benefit 
of Lender and no other Person shall have standing to require satisfaction 
of such conditions in accordance with their terms or be entitled to assume 
that Lender will refuse to make the Loan in the absence of strict 
compliance with any or all thereof and no other Person shall under any 
circumstances be deemed to be a beneficiary of such conditions, any or all 
of which may be freely waived in whole or in part by Lender if, in Lenders 
sole discretion, Lender deems it advisable or desirable to do so.

Section 10.17 Publicity. All news releases, publicity or advertising by 
Borrower or its Affiliates through any media intended to reach the general 
public which refers to the Loan Documents or the financing evidenced by the 
Loan Documents, to Lender or its Affiliates shall be subject to the prior 
written approval of Lender in its sole discretion.

Section 10.18 Cross Default; Cross Collateralization; Waiver of Marshalling 
of Assets. (a) Borrower acknowledges that Lender has made the Loan to 
Borrower upon the security of Borrowers collective interest in the 
Properties and in reliance upon the aggregate of the Properties taken 
together being of greater value as collateral security than the sum of each 
Individual Property taken separately. Borrower agrees that the Mortgages 
are and will be cross collateralized and cross defaulted with each other so 
that (i) an Event of Default under any of the Mortgages shall constitute an 
Event of Default under each of the other Mortgages which secure the Note; 
(ii) an Event of Default under the Note or this Agreement shall constitute 
an Event of Default under each Mortgage; (iii) each Mortgage shall 
constitute security for the Note as if a single blanket lien were placed on 
all of the Properties as security for the Note; and (iv) such cross 
collateralization shall in no event be deemed to constitute a fraudulent 
conveyance.

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Individual Borrower or 
Individual Operating Lessee, for itself and its successors and assigns, 
waives all rights to a
 
-154-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
marshalling of its assets and the assets of its partners and others with 
interests in such Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, and 
of the Properties, or to a sale in inverse order of alienation in the event 
of foreclosure of all or any of the Mortgages, and agrees not to assert any 
right under any laws pertaining to the marshalling of assets, the sale in 
inverse order of alienation, homestead exemption, the administration of 
estates of decedents, or any other matters whatsoever to defeat, reduce or 
affect the right of Lender under the Loan Documents to a sale of the 
Properties for the collection of the Debt without any prior or different 
resort for collection or of the right of Lender to the payment of the Debt 
out of the net proceeds of the Properties in preference to every other 
claimant whatsoever. In addition, each Individual Borrower and Individual 
Operating Lessee, for itself and its successors and assigns, waives in the 
event of foreclosure of any or all of the Mortgages, any equitable right 
otherwise available to it which would require the separate sale of the 
Properties or require Lender to exhaust its remedies against any Individual 
Property or any combination of the Properties before proceeding against any 
other Individual Property or combination of Properties; and further in the 
event of such foreclosure each Individual Borrower and Individual Operating 
Lessee does hereby expressly consent to and authorizes, at the option of 
Lender, the foreclosure and sale either separately or together of any 
combination of the Properties.

Section 10.19 Waiver of Counterclaim. Each Individual Borrower and 
Individual Operating Lessee hereby waives the right to assert a 
counterclaim, other than a compulsory counterclaim, in any action or 
proceeding brought against it by Lender or its agents.

Section 10.20 Conflict; Construction of Documents; Reliance. In the event 
of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and any of the 
other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. The 
parties hereto acknowledge that they were represented by competent counsel 
in connection with the negotiation, drafting and execution of the Loan 
Documents and that such Loan Documents shall not be subject to the 
principle of construing their meaning against the party which drafted same. 
Each Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee acknowledges that, 
with respect to the Loan, it shall rely solely on its own judgment and 
advisors in entering into the Loan without relying in any manner on any 
statements, representations or recommendations of Lender or any parent, 
subsidiary or Affiliate of Lender. Lender shall not be subject to any 
limitation whatsoever in the exercise of any rights or remedies available 
to it under any of the Loan Documents or any other agreements or 
instruments which govern the Loan by virtue of the ownership by it or any 
parent, subsidiary or Affiliate of Lender of any equity interest any of 
them may acquire in any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, 
and each Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee hereby 
irrevocably waives the right to raise any defense or take any action on the 
basis of the foregoing with respect to Lenders exercise of any such rights 
or remedies. Each Individual Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee 
acknowledges that Lender engages in the business of real estate financings 
and other real estate transactions and investments which may be viewed as 
adverse to or competitive with the business of each Individual Borrower and 
Individual Operating Lessee or its respective Affiliates.

Section 10.21 Brokers and Financial Advisors. Each Individual Borrower and 
Individual Operating Lessee hereby represents that it has dealt with no 
financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or 
finders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, 
other than Eastdil Secured (and Borrower shall pay the
 
-155-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
commission and any other amounts due to Eastdil Secured). Each Individual 
Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee hereby agrees to indemnify, defend 
and hold Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, 
costs and expenses of any kind (including Lenders attorneys fees and 
expenses) in any way relating to or arising from a claim by any Person that 
such Person acted on behalf of Borrower or Lender in connection with the 
transactions contemplated herein. The provisions of this Section 10.21 
shall survive the expiration and termination of this Agreement and the 
payment of the Debt.

Section 10.22 Prior Agreements. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
contain the entire agreement of the parties hereto and thereto in respect 
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and all prior 
agreements among or between such parties, whether oral or written, between 
any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, on the one hand, 
and Lender, on the other hand, are superseded by the terms of this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Section 10.23 Joint and Several Liability. If Borrower or Operating Lessee 
consists of more than one (1) Person the obligations and liabilities of 
each Person shall be joint and several.

Section 10.24 Certain Additional Rights of Lender (VCOC). Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Lender shall have:

(a) upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days prior written notice to 
an Individual Borrower, the right to request and to hold a meeting at 
Lenders office in New York, New York no more than two (2) times during any 
calendar year to consult with an officer of an Individual Borrower that is 
familiar with the financial condition of such Individual Borrower and the 
operation of the Individual Property owned by it regarding such significant 
business activities and business and financial developments of such 
Individual Borrower is specified by Lender in writing in the request for 
such meeting; provided, however, that such consultations shall not include 
discussions of environmental compliance programs or disposal of hazardous 
substances; and

(b) the right, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, to examine 
the books and records of any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating 
Lessee at any reasonable times upon reasonable notice no more than four (4) 
times during any calendar year, provided that any such examination shall be 
conducted so as not to unreasonably interfere with the business of such 
Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee, guests or any Tenants 
or other occupants of the related Individual Property.

The rights described above in this Section 10.24 may be exercised by Lender 
on behalf of any Person which Controls Lender.

Section 10.25 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial 
Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document 
or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such 
parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA 
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such 
liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion 
powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and 
acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers actually taken 
by an EEA Resolution Authority with respect to any such liabilities arising 
hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA 
Financial Institution; and
 
-156-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if 
applicable:

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or 
other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its 
parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or 
otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of 
ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any 
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the 
exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution 
Authority.

Section 10.26 Use of Borrower Provided Information. Lender agrees that is 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to use Provided Information 
solely for purposes of the ownership and sale of its interest in the Loan 
(including, without limitation, the administration of the Loan and any 
Securitization). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 
10.26 shall prevent any Lender from: (a) disclosing or otherwise using any 
Provided Information in the manner and for the purposes set forth in 
Section 9.1 and Section 9.2 of this Agreement, (b) disclosing Provided 
Information to any loan participant or similar holders of an interest in 
the Loan, provided that such participants or other holders shall be 
instructed to use commercially reasonable efforts to use such Provided 
Information solely in connection with their ownership of their interest in 
the Loan, (c) disclosing Provided Information subject to an instruction to 
comply with the provisions of this Section 10.26, to any prospective 
participant or other transferee of an interest in the Loan, (d) disclosing 
Provided Information to its employees, directors, agents, attorneys, 
accountants, investors, potential investors, finance providers, tax 
consultants, tax preparers, financial consultants and other professional 
advisors or those of any of its affiliates, (e) disclosing Provided 
Information upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority, (f) 
disclosing Provided Information in response to any order of any court or 
other Governmental Authority or as may otherwise be required pursuant to 
any Legal Requirement, (g) disclosing Provided Information if requested or 
required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding, 
(h) disclosing or otherwise using any Provided Information that has been 
publicly disclosed, or (i) disclosing or otherwise using any Provided 
Information in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or 
under any other Loan Document. In connection with any Securitization, 
Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any trust and 
servicing agreement applicable to the Loan to require the trustee or 
certificate administrator
 
-157-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
thereunder to include on its website with respect to which investors have 
access to property specific financial reports, provisions substantially 
similar to those set forth in (i) and (ii) below:

(i) In consideration of the disclosure to the undersigned of certain 
information on the certificate administrator or trustees website (the 
Information), or the access thereto, the undersigned will keep the 
Information confidential (except from such outside persons as are assisting 
it in making an evaluation in connection with purchasing the related 
certificates, from its accountants and attorneys, and otherwise from such 
governmental or banking authorities or agencies to which the undersigned is 
subject), and such Information will not, without the prior written consent 
of the certificate administrator, be otherwise disclosed by the undersigned 
or by its officers, directors, partners, employees, agents or 
representatives in any manner whatsoever, in whole or in part; provided, 
however, that the obligations of the undersigned to keep any such 
information confidential shall expire one year following the date that the 
undersigned is no longer a certificateholder or a beneficial owner of a 
class of certificates or is not a purchaser of certificates in the case of 
a prospective purchaser.

(ii) The undersigned will not use or disclose the Information in any manner 
which could result in a violation of any provision of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, or would require registration of any certificate not 
previously registered pursuant to Section 5 of the Securities Act.

Section 10.27 Borrower Affiliate Lender. Lender agrees that the Lender 
Documents shall not prohibit or restrict Affiliates of Borrower from 
purchasing or otherwise acquiring and owning the beneficial interests in 
the Loan as evidenced by any single or multi-class non-voting Securities in 
respect of any private or public securitization of the Loan, provided, 
however, that the Lender Documents may include restrictions on the exercise 
of the rights and remedies by such Affiliates of Borrower under the Loan 
including, without limitation, (i) restrictions on any such Affiliate 
having the right to, or exercising, directly or indirectly, any control, 
decision-making power, voting rights, notice and cure rights, or other 
rights that would otherwise benefit a holder by virtue of its ownership or 
control of any interest with respect to the Loan, (ii) restrictions on any 
such Affiliates approval and consent rights under any intercreditor 
agreement, (iii) restrictions on such Affiliates initiation of enforcement 
actions against equity collateral, (iv) restrictions on the making of 
protective advances, (v) restrictions on such Affiliate from making or 
bringing any claim, in its capacity as a holder of any direct or indirect 
interest in the Loan, against Lender or any agent of any of the foregoing 
with respect to the duties and obligations of such Person under the Loan 
Documents, any intercreditor agreement or any applicable co-lender 
agreement and (vi) restrictions on such Affiliates access to any 
electronic platform for the distribution of materials or information among 
the Lender, asset status reports or any correspondence or materials or 
notices of or participation in any discussions, meetings or conference 
calls (among Lender, any of their respective co-lenders or participants, or 
otherwise) regarding or relating to any workout discussions or litigation 
or foreclosure strategy (or potential litigation strategy) involving the 
Loan, other than in its capacity as Borrower to the extent discussions and 
negotiations are being conducted with Borrower (as distinct from internal 
discussions and negotiations among the various creditors).
 
-158-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 10.28 Co-Lenders. (a) Each Individual Borrower and Individual 
Operating Lessee hereby acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding the 
fact that the Loan may be serviced by Servicer, prior to a Securitization 
of the entire Loan, all requests for approval and consents hereunder and in 
every instance in which Lenders consent or approval is required, Borrower 
shall be required to obtain the consent and approval of each Co-Lender and 
all copies of documents, reports, requests and other delivery obligations 
of any Individual Borrower or Individual Operating Lessee required 
hereunder shall be delivered by Borrower to each Co-Lender.

(b) Following the Closing Date (i) the liabilities of Lender shall be 
several and not joint, (ii) neither Co-Lender shall be responsible for the 
obligations of the other Co-Lender, and (iii) each Co-Lender shall be 
liable to Borrower only for their respective Ratable Share of the Loan. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all indemnities by 
Borrower and obligations for costs, expenses, damages or advances set forth 
herein shall run to and benefit each Co-Lender in accordance with its 
Ratable Share.

(c) Each Co-Lender agrees that it has, independently and without reliance 
on the other Co-Lender, and based on such documents and information as it 
has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of each Individual 
Borrower and Individual Operating Lessee and their respective Affiliates 
and decision to enter into this Agreement and that it will, independently 
and without reliance upon the other Co-Lender, and based on such documents 
and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make 
its own analysis and decisions in taking or not taking action under this 
Agreement or under any other Loan Document.

(d) Each of the other Co-Lenders, by their signature hereto, appoint 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association to act as agent and secured party 
on behalf of the Co-Lenders pursuant to the Property Account Agreement, the 
Operating Account Agreement and the FF&E Concentration Account Agreement


[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
-159-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed by their duly authorized representatives, all as of the day 
and year first above written.
 
BORROWER:
S.F. HILTON LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
By: 	  	
/s/ Sean DellOrto
Name: 	  	Sean DellOrto
Title: 	  	Director
P55 HOTEL OWNER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
By: 	  	
/s/ Sean DellOrto
Name: 	  	Sean DellOrto
Title: 	  	Senior Vice President and Treasurer
OPERATING LESSEE:
SAN FRANCISCO LESSEE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
By: 	  	
/s/ Sean DellOrto
Name: 	  	Sean DellOrto
Title: 	  	Senior Vice President and Treasurer
PARC 55 LESSEE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
By: 	  	
/s/ Sean DellOrto
Name: 	  	Sean DellOrto
Title: 	  	Senior Vice President and Treasurer

[SIGNATURES CONTINUED ON THE NEXT PAGE]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LENDER:
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a banking association chartered 
under the laws of the United States of America
By: 	  	
/s/ Thomas N. Cassino
Name: 	  	Thomas N. Cassino
Title: 	  	Executive Director
DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH
By: 	  	
/s/ Steven Pack
Name: 	  	Steven Pack
Title: 	  	Vice President
By: 	  	
/s/ Stephen H. Choe
Name: 	  	Stephen H. Choe
Title: 	  	Managing Director

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARCLAYS BANK PLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Michael Birajiclian
Name: 	  	Michael Birajiclian
Title: 	  	Authorized Signatory

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.
By: 	  	
/s/ Cynthia Eckes
Name: 	  	Cynthia Eckes
Title: 	  	Authorized Signatory

------------------------------------------------------------------------
GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE COMPANY
By: 	  	
/s/ Rene J. Theriault
Name: 	  	Rene J. Theriault
Title: 	  	Authorized Signatory

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 1.1

Restructuring Steps Memorandum

An organizational structure chart (the Spin Organization Chart) follows 
this page.
 
1. 	On a date in October, 2016, sponsor REIT will distribute its interest 
in Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (HGV) to Hilton Worldwide Finance LLC.
 
2. 	Approximately thirty (30) days later, Sponsor REIT will distribute its 
interest in Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. to Hilton Worldwide 
Finance LLC.
 
3. 	On a date selected by the Board of Directors of HWHI, interests in HGV 
and Sponsor REIT will be distributed up to HWHI, and HWHI will distribute 
those interests to its public shareholders, with the result that HWHI, 
Sponsor REIT and HGV will be three separate publicly traded companies (the 
Spin)
 
4. 	Prior to the Spin, various hotel properties owned by individual 
subsidiaries of (including Borrower) will enter into subleases with the 
various subsidiaries of Park US Lessee Holdings LLC (including Operating 
Lessee) and Park UK Lessee Holdings Limited shown on Slides 5 and 6 of the 
Spin Organization Chart, and the lessee entities will enter into new 
management agreements with Affiliates of HWHI. On the date of the Spin, or 
immediately thereafter, Park US Lessee Holdings LLC will convert to a 
corporation (Park US Lessee Holdings Inc.) and elect to be treated as a 
taxable REIT subsidiary, and the leases and management agreements 
(including the Operating Leases and the Substitute Management Agreements, 
respectively, each of which have been executed as of the Closing Date) will 
become effective.
 
SCHEDULE 1.1-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 1.2

Ratable Share
 
Co-Lender
   	Ratable Share 	 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
   	  	37.5 	% 
 Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch
   	  	27.5 	% 
 Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company
   	  	15 	% 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.
   	  	10 	% 
 Barclays Bank PLC
   	  	10 	% 
 
SCHEDULE 1.2-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 1.3

Release Amounts
 
Property
   	City 	  	   	State 	  	   	ALA 	 
 Hilton San Francisco
   	  	San Francisco 	   	   	  	CA 	   	   	$ 	475,000,000 	  
 Hilton San Francisco (Parc 55)
   	  	San Francisco 	   	   	  	CA 	   	   	$ 	250,000,000 	  
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	
 
 
 
 Total
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	$ 	725,000,000 	  
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1.3-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 1.4

Management Agreements
 
1. 	Hilton San Francisco Union Square: That certain Management Agreement, 
dated as of October 25, 2013, by and between S.F. Hilton LLC and Hilton 
Management LLC
 
2. 	Hilton San Francisco Parc 55: That certain Management Agreement, dated 
as of February 12, 2015, by and between P55 Hotel Owner LLC and HLT Conrad 
Domestic LLC
 
SCHEDULE 1.4-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 1.5

Post-Restructuring Assignment of Management Agreement

[See Following Pages]
 
SCHEDULE 1.5-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 2.6.1(a)(i)

Property Accounts
 
Account Number
   	
Account Name
   	
Property Name
   	
Bank
[omitted] 	   	Hilton Management LLC AAF Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. as Sole 
Member of S.F. Hilton LLC FBO Lenders-Hilton San Francisco Concentration 
Account 	   	Hilton San Francisco 	   	[omitted]
[omitted] 	   	HLT Conrad Domestic LLC AAF Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. as 
Sole Member of P55 Hotel Owner LLC FBO Lenders-The Parc 55 San Francisco 
Concentration Account 	   	Parc 55 	   	[omitted]
 
SCHEDULE 2.6.1(a)(i)-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 2.6.1(a)(v)

Operating Account
 
Account Number
   	
Account Name
   	
Property Name
   	
Bank
[omitted] 	   	Hilton Management LLC AAF S.F. Hilton LLC Concentration 
Account 	   	Hilton San Francisco and Parc 55 	   	
[omitted]
 
SCHEDULE 2.6.1(a)(v)-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 2.6.1(a)(vi)

FF & E Reserve Concentration Account
 
Account Number
   	
Account Name
   	
Property Name
   	
Bank
[omitted] 	   	Hilton Management LLC AAF Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. as Sole 
Member of S.F. Hilton LLC 	   	Hilton San Francisco 	   	[omitted]
[omitted] 	   	HLT Conrad Domestic LLC AAF Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. as 
Sole Member of P55 Hotel 	   	Parc 55 	   	
[omitted]
 
SCHEDULE 2.6.1(a)(vi)-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 4.1.1

Organizational Chart of Borrower

[omitted]
 
SCHEDULE 4.1.1-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 4.1.4

Litigation

NONE
 
SCHEDULE 4.1.4-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 4.1.26

Rent Roll

[omitted]
 
SCHEDULE 4.1.26-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 4.1.36

Borrower and Operating Lessee Organizational Identification Numbers
 
Borrower
   	Number 	  	   	State 	 
 S.F. Hilton LLC
   	  	3279821 	   	   	  	DE 	  
 P55 Hotel Owner LLC
   	  	5652099 	   	   	  	DE 	  
Operating Lessee
   	Number 	  	   	State 	 
 San Francisco Lessee LLC
   	  	6051682 	   	   	  	DE 	  
 Parc 55 Lessee LLC
   	  	6051687 	   	   	  	DE 	  
 
SCHEDULE 4.1.36-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 4.1.43

Labor

List of collective bargaining agreements at the Properties

SAN FRANCISCO UNION SQUARE:
 
Expiration
   	
Hotel
   	
Union
   	
Unit Description
 7/31/2017
   	Hilton San Francisco 	   	Local 16 	   	Painters
 1/1/2018
   	Hilton San Francisco 	   	Teamsters Local 856 	   	Front Office, 
Accounting and Administrative
 7/15/2018
   	Hilton San Francisco 	   	IUOE Stationary Local 39 	   	Engineers
 8/14/2018
   	Hilton San Francisco 	   	UNITE HERE Local 2* 	   	Hotel and Restaurant 
Employees
 
* 	UNITE HERE, Local 2 contracts:
 
  	 	  	Collective Bargaining Agreement between UNITE HERE, Local 2 and 
San Francisco Hotels Multi Employer Group, effective from August 14, 2004 
to August 14, 2009
 
  	 	  	Memorandum of Understanding between UNITE HERE, Local 2 and San 
Francisco Hilton Hotel at Union Square, effective August 14, 2009 to August 
14, 2013
 
  	 	  	Successorship Addendum to the UNITE HERE, Local 2 2009-2013 
Collective Bargaining Agreement (Hilton San Francisco Union Square)
 
  	 	  	Memorandum of Understanding between UNITE HERE, Local 2 and San 
Francisco Hilton Hotel at Union Square, effective February 2013 to August 
14, 2018
 
  	 	  	Owner letter from S.F. Hilton LLC dated September 21, 2016.


PARC 55:
 
  	1. 	Memorandum of Understanding between Crowne Plaza Parc 55 and Hotel 
Employees and Restaurant Employees Union Local 2, effective April 1, 1996 
to September 30, 1999.
 
  	2. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement with the Hotel Employees and 
Restaurant Employees Union Local 2, effective from August 14, 1999 to 
August 14, 2004.
 
  	3. 	Memorandum of Understanding dated February 7, 2007 between UNITE 
HERE Local 2 and the Parc 55 Hotel Regarding Successor Agreement to 
1999-2004 CBA, incorporating the Memorandum of Understanding between UNITE 
HERE Local 2 and the San Francisco Hotels Multi-employer Group which 
extended the effective period of the 1999-2004 agreement until August 14, 
2009.
 
SCHEDULE 4.1.43-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	4. 	Successorship Addendum (with the Renaissance Parc 55 Hotel) to the 
UNITE HERE! Local 2 2004-2009 Collective Bargaining Agreement.
 
  	5. 	Successorship Addendum to the UNITE HERE! Local 2 2009  2013 
Collective Bargaining Agreement
 
  	6. 	Memorandum of Understanding effective April 1, 2006 between Parc 55 
Hotel and UNITE HERE Local 2.
 
  	7. 	Memorandum of Understanding on Additional Hotels between Parc 55 and 
UNITE HERE! Local 2.
 
  	8. 	Memorandum of Understanding between UNITE HERE Local 2 and the Parc 
55 Wyndham San Francisco-Union Square, covering the period from August 14, 
2009 to August 14, 2013.
 
  	9. 	Memorandum of Agreement Concerning Modifications to Collective 
Bargaining Agreement by and among UNITE HERE Local 2, UNITE HERE 
International Union and Parc 55 Wyndham San Francisco Union Square Hotel, 
covering the period from August 15, 2013 to August 14, 2018.
 
  	10. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and Between the International 
Union of Operating Engineers, Stationary Local No. 39 and the Parc 55 
Wyndham Union Square Hotel, covering the period August 1, 2013 to July 31, 
2018.
 
  	11. 	Clerical Agreement between Parc 55 Hotel and Teamsters Local Union 
No. 856 International Brotherhood of Teamsters, covering the period from 
July 1, 2006 to December 31, 2008.
 
  	12. 	Extension Agreement between Teamsters Local Union No. 856 and Parc 
55 Wyndham, to extend the 2006-2008 collective bargaining agreement until 
December 31, 2012.
 
  	13. 	Extension Agreement between Teamsters Local Union No. 856 and Parc 
55 Wyndham, covering the period from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2017.
 
  	14. 	Owners Letter dated February 24, 2014 regarding UNITE HERE! Local 
2 Collective Bargaining Agreement.
 
  	15. 	Parc 55 Wyndham Union Square Hotel and UNITE HERE Local 2 
Memorandum of Understanding Regarding Food and Beverage Study Team, 
unsigned.
 
  	16. 	Owner letter from P55 Hotel Owner LLC dated September 21, 2016.
 
SCHEDULE 4.1.43-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 4.1.47

Material Property Agreements

NONE
 
SCHEDULE 4.1.47-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 5.1.21

Material Lease(s)
 
1. 	Parking Lease Agreement, dated May 19, 2011, between RP/Kinetic Parc 55 
Owner, LLC and Propark America West, LLC.
 
SCHEDULE 5.1.21-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 5.1.30
 
Property
   	
Overview
   	
Required Repair
   	
Deadline
Union Square 	   	The Phase I report identified de minimis staining in the 
hydraulic elevator equipment room. 	   	The hydraulic elevator equipment 
should be inspected for leakage. If any leakage is identified, then 
Borrower shall cause the equipment to be repaired. The area shall be 
otherwise cleaned and associated waste disposed of according to all 
applicable regulations. 	   	90 days from the Closing Date
 
SCHEDULE 5.1.30-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Parc55 	   	The Phase I report identified one out-of-service closed loop 
dry cleaning machine in the laundry room on level B1. 	   	Borrower shall 
remove the identified dry cleaning machine from the Property and any 
associated waste disposed of according to all applicable regulations. If 
not otherwise removed from the Property, Borrower shall provide evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to Lender that such dry cleaning machine has been 
properly decommissioned with no chemicals. 	   	120 days
 
SCHEDULE 5.1.30-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 5.1.31

O&M Program
 
Property
   	Asbestos
OM 	   	Lead Paint
OM
 San Francisco Union Square
   	X 	   	X
 San Francisco Parc55
   	X 	   	

O&M Agreements:


San Francisco Union Square
 
1. 	Asbestos Operations and Maintenance Plan dated November, 1995 and 
prepared by SCA Environmental, Inc. (Project No. BA-248)
2. 	Lead Operations and Maintenance Plan dated April 16, 2010 and prepared 
by SCA Environmental, Inc. (Project No. B-9816)


Parc 55

1. Asbestos Operations and Maintenance Plan dated May 16, 2012 and prepared 
by EMG Corp. (Project No. 101309.12R-001.033)
 
SCHEDULE 5.1.31-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A-1

(Tax Compliance Certificates)

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Loan Agreement dated as of [        ] [    
], 2016 (as amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the Agreement), among JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION, DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE 
COMPANY, BARCLAYS BANK PLC and MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as Lender, and 
S.F. HILTON LLC and P55 HOTEL OWNER LLC, as Borrower.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7 of the Agreement, the undersigned 
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the 
Loan (as well as any Note evidencing such Loan) in respect of which it is 
providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of 
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder 
of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and 
(iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as 
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished the Borrower with a certificate of its 
non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as 
applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) 
if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned 
shall promptly so inform the Borrower, and (2) the undersigned shall have 
at all times furnished the Borrower with a properly completed and currently 
effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is 
to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years 
preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used 
herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
a banking association chartered under the laws of the United
States of America
 
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	
  	Title: 	  	
 
Exhibit A-1-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-1-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARCLAYS BANK PLC
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-1-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
Date:              , 2016
GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE COMPANY
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
Date:              , 2016
 
Exhibit A-1-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A-2

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income 
Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Loan Agreement dated as of [        ] [    
], 2016 (as amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the Agreement), among JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION, DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE 
COMPANY, BARCLAYS BANK PLC and MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as Lender, and 
S.F. HILTON LLC and P55 HOTEL OWNER LLC, as Borrower.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7 of the Agreement, the undersigned 
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the 
participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it 
is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) 
it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of 
Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign 
corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of 
the Code.

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate 
of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as 
applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) 
if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned 
shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned 
shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and 
currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each 
payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar 
years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used 
herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
a banking association chartered under the laws of the
United States of America
 
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-2-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-2-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARCLAYS BANK PLC
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-2-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
Date:              , 2016

GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE COMPANY
 
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
Date:                      
 
Exhibit A-2-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A-3

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Loan Agreement dated as of [        ] [    
], 2013 (as amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the Agreement), among JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION, DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE 
COMPANY, BARCLAYS BANK PLC and MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as Lender, and 
S.F. HILTON LLC and P55 HOTEL OWNER LLC, as Borrower.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7 of the Agreement, the undersigned 
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation 
in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or 
indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such 
participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the 
undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank 
extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary 
course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) 
of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten 
percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect 
partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the 
Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY 
accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members 
that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN 
or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied 
by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) from each of 
such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio 
interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees 
that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the 
undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned 
shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and 
currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each 
payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar 
years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used 
herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
a banking association chartered under the laws of the
United States of America
 
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-3-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH
 
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-3-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARCLAYS BANK PLC
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-3-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
Date:              , 2016
GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE COMPANY
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
Date:                      
 
Exhibit A-3-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A-4

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Loan Agreement dated as of [        ] [    
], 2016 (as amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the Agreement), among JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION, DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE 
COMPANY, BARCLAYS BANK PLC and MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as Lender, and 
S.F. HILTON LLC and P55 HOTEL OWNER LLC, as Borrower.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7 of the Agreement, the undersigned 
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan (as well 
as any Note evidencing such Loan) in respect of which it is providing this 
certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole 
beneficial owners of such Loan (as well as any Note evidencing such Loan), 
(iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Agreement or 
any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or 
indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan 
agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business 
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its 
direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the 
Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) 
none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign 
corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of 
the Code.

The undersigned has furnished the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied 
by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is 
claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS 
Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an 
IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) from each of such 
partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio 
interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees 
that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the 
undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower, and (2) the undersigned 
shall have at all times furnished the Borrower with a properly completed 
and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which 
each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two 
calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used 
herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
a banking association chartered under the laws of the United
States of America
 
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-4-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK, AG, NEW YORK BRANCH
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-4-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARCLAYS BANK PLC
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Exhibit A-4-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
Date:              , 2016
GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE COMPANY
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
Date:                      
 
Exhibit A-4-4