 EX-10 8 filename8.htm
Exhibit 10.7
 
[LOGO] 	  	

BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO P.L.C.
 

 

RULES

of the

BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO

2016 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

 

Board approval on 23 February 2016
Shareholder approval at the 2016 AGM (27 April 2016)

Herbert Smith Freehills LLP

HSF Ref: 30889176

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
CONTENTS
 
Clause 	  	Heading 	   	Page 	 
 1.
  	INTERPRETATION AND CONSTRUCTION 	   	  	2 	 
 2.
  	PLAN LIMITS 	   	  	4 	 
 3.
  	AWARDS 	   	  	5 	 
 4.
  	AWARDS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 	   	  	6 	 
 5.
  	PERFORMANCE CONDITION 	   	  	7 	 
 6.
  	ADDITIONAL TERMS SPECIFIC TO FORFEITABLE SHARE AWARDS 	   	  	7 	 
 7.
  	VESTING 	   	  	8 	 
 8.
  	CESSATION OF OFFICE OR EMPLOYMENT 	   	  	9 	 
 9.
  	CORPORATE ACTIONS 	   	  	10 	 
 10.
  	OPTIONS 	   	  	13 	 
 11.
  	DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT 	   	  	13 	 
 12.
  	CASH ALTERNATIVE  OPTIONS AND CONDITIONAL AWARDS 	   	  	14 	 
 13.
  	TAX LIABILITY 	   	  	14 	 
 14.
  	VESTED SHARE ACCOUNTS 	   	  	15 	 
 15.
  	CLAW-BACK 	   	  	15 	 
 16.
  	VARIATION OF CAPITAL 	   	  	16 	 
 17.
  	ADMINISTRATION 	   	  	16 	 
 18.
  	AMENDMENTS 	   	  	17 	 
 19.
  	DATA PROTECTION 	   	  	17 	 
 20.
  	GENERAL 	   	  	18 	 
 APPENDIX 1 : OPERATION OF CLAW-BACK
   	  	20 	 
 APPENDIX 2 : AWARDS GRANTED TO US TAXPAYERS
   	  	22 	 
 SCHEDULE 1 : PERFORMANCE CONDITIONS
   	  	23 	 
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
RULES OF THE BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO P.L.C. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
 
1. 	INTERPRETATION AND CONSTRUCTION
 
1.1 	For the purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have the 
meaning indicated below unless the context clearly indicates otherwise:

Award means one of a Conditional Award, a Forfeitable Share Award or an 
Option;

Board means the board of directors of the Company or committee duly 
authorised by the board of directors or, following any Corporate Action, 
the Board or duly authorised committee as constituted immediately prior to 
the Corporate Action;

Claw-back means a recovery of value by the Company from a Participant in 
accordance with the provisions of Rule 15 (Claw-back) and Appendix 1 (
Operation of Claw-back);

Company means British American Tobacco p.l.c. (registered in England and 
Wales under No. 3407696);

Conditional Award means a right to receive a transfer of Shares following 
vesting of the Award;

Control has the meaning given by Section 995 of the Income Tax Act 2007;

Corporate Action means any of the events referred to in:
 
  	(A) 	Rules 9.1 to 9.5 (but excluding a Reorganisation as defined in Rule 
9.8); or
 
  	(B) 	if the Board determines that Awards will vest pursuant to such 
Rule, Rule 9.6;

Cross-Border Merger means a merger pursuant to the implementation in any 
relevant jurisdiction of Directive 2005/56/EC (on cross-border mergers of 
limited liability companies);

Dealing Day means any day on which the London Stock Exchange is open for 
trading;

Dealing Restriction means any restriction on the dealing in shares, 
whether direct or indirect, pursuant to any law, regulation, code or 
enactment in England and Wales and/or the jurisdiction in which the 
Participant is resident, or any share dealing code of the Company;

Eligible Employee means an employee (including an executive director) of 
any Group Company;

Employees Share Scheme has the meaning given by Section 1166 of the 
Companies Act 2006;

Financial Year means the financial year of the Company within the meaning 
of Section 390 of the Companies Act 2006;

Forfeitable Share Award means a beneficial interest in Shares, legal 
title to which is held by the Nominee subject to the restrictions set out 
in Rule 6 (Additional terms applicable to Forfeitable Share Awards) until, 
and which shall be transferred to the Participant following, the vesting of 
the Award;

Grant Date means the date on which a Conditional Award or Option is 
granted, or the date on which the Board determines that a Forfeitable Share 
Award shall be granted;

Group means the Company and any company which from time to time is a 
subsidiary of the Company, within the meaning of section 1159 of the 
Companies Act 2006 (each a Group Company);

Market Value means, in relation to a Share on any day, the mid-closing 
price of a Share on such day (as derived from the Daily Official List of 
the London Stock Exchange);

Nominee means any person appointed by the Company from time to time to 
hold legal title to the Shares subject to a Forfeitable Share Award on 
behalf of the Participant in accordance with these Rules (which may be the 
trustee of a Trust acting as a nominee);
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
Normal Vesting Date means:
 
  	(A)    subject 	to (B):
 
  	(i) 	where the Board determines that an extended vesting period shall 
apply, the fifth anniversary of the Grant Date, or otherwise,
 
  	(ii) 	the third anniversary of the Grant Date or any later date 
determined by the Board; or
 
  	(B) 	in respect of an Award granted in respect of the recruitment of an 
Eligible Employee, any other date (which may be prior to the third 
anniversary of the Grant Date) as determined by the Board prior to the 
Grant Date;

Option means a right to acquire Shares, which may be exercised by the 
Participant following the vesting of the Award during any period permitted 
for exercise;

Option Price shall be nil, or such other amount as the Board may 
determine (provided that the Board may reduce or waive such amount at any 
time);

Participant means an Eligible Employee who has received an Award to the 
extent it has not been released and has not lapsed (or, following his 
death, his Personal Representatives);

Performance Condition means the performance condition to which an Award 
is subject, which may consist of one or more performance elements, being as 
set out in an Appendix to the Plan (as substituted or amended by the Board 
from time to time);

Performance Period means the period of three Financial Years beginning 
with the Financial Year in which the Grant Date falls, or such other period 
as is determined by the Board prior to the Grant Date in accordance with 
Rule 5;

Personal Representatives means, following his death, the Participants 
personal representatives, or a person fulfilling a similar function in any 
jurisdiction;

Plan means this British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan, 
as amended from time to time;

Quarter Day means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September or 31 December;

Rule means a rule of this Plan;

Share means a fully paid ordinary share in the capital of the Company;

Treasury Shares means Shares to which Sections 724 to 732 of the 
Companies Act 2006 apply;

Trust means any employee benefit trust from time to time established by 
the Company; and

vesting means:
 
  	(A) 	Shares subject to a Conditional Award becoming due to be 
transferred to the Participant;
 
  	(B) 	Shares subject to a Forfeitable Share Award ceasing to be subject 
to the restrictions set out in Rule 6 (Additional terms applicable to 
Forfeitable Share Awards), and legal title to such Shares becoming due to 
be transferred to the Participant; or
 
  	(C) 	an Option becoming exercisable, (and vest shall be construed 
accordingly).
 
1.2 	In this Plan unless the context requires otherwise:
 
  	1.2.1 	the headings are inserted for convenience only and do not affect 
the interpretation of any Rule;
 
  	1.2.2 	a reference to a statute or statutory provision includes a 
reference:
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
  	(A) 	to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time 
consolidated, modified, re-enacted or replaced by any statute or statutory 
provision;
 
  	(B) 	to any repealed statute or statutory provision which it re-enacts 
(with or without modification); and
 
  	(C) 	to any subordinate legislation made under it;
 
  	1.2.3 	words in the singular include the plural, and vice versa;
 
  	1.2.4 	a reference to the masculine shall be treated as a reference to 
the feminine and vice versa;
 
  	1.2.5 	a reference to a person shall include a reference to a body 
corporate; and
 
  	1.2.6 	a reference to writing or written form shall include any legible 
format capable of being reproduced on paper, irrespective of the medium 
used.
 
1.3 	In this Plan:
 
  	1.3.1 	a reference to the transfer of Shares (or similar) shall 
include both the issue and allotment of Shares and the transfer of Treasury 
Shares; and
 
  	1.3.2 	a provision obliging, or permitting, any company to do any thing 
shall be read as obliging, or permitting, such company to do that thing, or 
procure that thing to be done; and
 
  	1.3.3 	the use of the word including shall mean including without 
limitation and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing.
 
2. 	PLAN LIMITS
 
2.1 	Pursuant to the Plan:
 
  	2.1.1 	subject to Rule 2.2, the Board may not grant a Conditional Award 
or Option; and
 
  	2.1.2 	Shares may not be issued for the purpose of a Forfeitable Share 
Award,

if the number of Shares subject to such proposed Award (the Relevant 
Shares) would cause either of the limits in Rules 2.3 or 2.4 to be 
breached.
 
2.2 	Rule 2.1 shall not apply in respect of a Conditional Award or Option 
granted on terms that it shall not be capable of being satisfied by the 
issue of Shares.


5 per cent limit: discretionary Employees Share Scheme
 
2.3 	The number of Relevant Shares, when added to the aggregate of:
 
  	2.3.1 	the number of Shares subject to outstanding options or awards 
granted within the previous 10 years under the Plan or any other 
discretionary Employees Share Scheme adopted by the Company which may be 
satisfied by the issue of Shares; and
 
  	2.3.2 	the number of Shares actually issued within the previous 10 years 
under the Plan, under any other discretionary Employees Share Scheme or to 
a Trust (but excluding any of those Shares that were used to satisfy an 
option or award granted more than 10 years previously, and without double 
counting any Shares which the Board has determined are to be used to 
satisfy options or awards counted under Rule 2.3.1 above),

may not exceed such number as represents 5 per cent of the Companys issued 
share capital immediately prior to such proposed grant or issue.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
10 per cent limit: Employees Share Scheme
 
2.4 	The number of Relevant Shares, when added to the aggregate of:
 
  	2.4.1 	the number of Shares subject to outstanding options or awards 
granted within the previous 10 years under the Plan or any other Employees 
Share Scheme adopted by the Company which may be satisfied by the issue of 
Shares; and
 
  	2.4.2 	the number of Shares actually issued within the previous 10 years 
under the Plan, under any other Employees Share Scheme or to a Trust (but 
excluding any of those Shares: that were used to satisfy an option or award 
granted more than 10 years previously, and without double counting any 
Shares which the Board has determined are to be used to satisfy options or 
awards counted under Rule 2.4.1 above),

may not exceed such number as represents 10 per cent of the Companys 
issued share capital immediately prior to such proposed grant or issue.


Treasury Shares
 
2.5 	References in this Rule 2 to the issue of Shares shall include the 
transfer of Treasury Shares, but only until such time as the guidelines 
issued by institutional investor bodies cease to provide that they should 
be so included.
 
3. 	AWARDS

Eligibility
 
3.1 	Awards may be granted to Eligible Employees selected by the Board.


Timing of grants
 
3.2 	An Award may only be granted:
 
  	3.2.1 	during the period of 42 days commencing on the date on which the 
Plan is approved shareholders of the Company in general meeting;
 
  	3.2.2 	during the period of 42 days commencing on the Dealing Day 
immediately following the day on which the Company announces its results 
for the preceding financial year, half-year or other period;
 
  	3.2.3 	in respect of an Award to be granted in respect of the 
recruitment of an Eligible Employee, as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the Eligible Employee commences holding office or employment with any 
Group Company; and/or
 
  	3.2.4 	at such time at which the Board determines that exceptional 
circumstances exist which justify the grant of the Award,

or, in any such case, if the grant of Awards during such period or at such 
time would be contrary to any Dealing Restriction, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after such restriction ceases to apply.


Individual limit
 
3.3 	An Award may not be granted to an Eligible Employee where it would 
cause the aggregate Relevant Value of the Shares subject to such Award and 
any Award(s) granted to the Eligible Employee in the same Financial Year to 
exceed an amount equal to 500% of the gross annual basic salary of that 
Eligible Employee as at the first day of such Financial Year or, if later, 
the first day of the Eligible Employees employment with the Group during 
such Financial year.

An Award granted in breach of this limit shall immediately lapse in respect 
of the number of Shares which cause this limit to be breached. Awards which 
have been released or have lapsed, or which are granted in connection with 
the recruitment of an Eligible Employee in lieu of incentive awards granted 
by the individuals former employer which are forfeited, and any right to 
receive Shares as a dividend equivalent, shall be ignored for this purpose.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
In this Rule 3.3, the Relevant Value of a Share subject to an Award means 
either (as determined by the Board): (i) the Market Value of a Share on the 
Dealing Day immediately preceding the Grant Date; or (ii) the average of 
the Market Values of a Share over such number of Dealing Days preceding the 
Grant Date as the Board may determine (all being within the period of 30 
days preceding the Grant Date and, where the Award is granted within the 
period in Rule 3.2.2, being on or after the date of the results 
announcement).
 
3.4 	Where an Eligible Employees gross annual basic salary is denominated 
in a currency other than pounds sterling, for the purposes of Rule 3.3 
above such gross annual basic salary shall be converted into pounds 
sterling on such basis as the Board may reasonably determine.


Method of grant
 
3.5 	An Award shall be granted by the Board.
 
3.6 	A Conditional Award or an Option shall be granted by deed.
 
3.7 	The Company shall procure that the Shares subject to a Forfeitable 
Share Award shall, on or as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
Grant Date, be issued to or acquired by a Nominee, and shall thereafter be 
held on behalf of the Participant until the date on which the Forfeitable 
Share Award vests or such earlier date as the Forfeitable Share Award 
lapses.
 
3.8 	No payment for the grant of an Award shall be made by the Participant.
 
3.9 	A Participant may within 30 days of the Grant Date release an Award 
(in full but not in part) by written notice to the Company. Where a 
Participant does not release an Award within such period, the Participant 
shall be deemed to have accepted the Award on the terms set out in the 
Rules.


Award notification
 
3.10 	As soon as practicable following the Grant Date the Company shall 
notify a Participant of the grant of an Award. Such notification shall 
specify:
 
  	3.10.1 	whether the Award takes the form of a Conditional Award, a 
Forfeitable Share Award or an Option;
 
  	3.10.2 	the Grant Date;
 
  	3.10.3 	the Normal Vesting Date;
 
  	3.10.4 	the number of Shares in respect of which the Award is granted;
 
  	3.10.5 	in relation to an Option, the Option Price (if any);
 
  	3.10.6 	the full terms of the Performance Condition and the Performance 
Period;
 
  	3.10.7 	if applicable, that the dividend equivalent provisions of Rule 
11 (Dividend equivalent) shall apply; and
 
  	3.10.8 	that the Award is subject to the claw-back provisions of Rule 15 
(Claw-back) and Appendix 1 (Operation of Claw-back).
 
4. 	AWARDS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE
 
4.1 	A Participant may not transfer, assign, pledge, charge or otherwise 
dispose of, or grant any form of security or other interest over, any part 
of his interest in an Award. An Award shall (unless the Board determines 
otherwise) lapse on the Participant doing so (whether voluntarily or 
involuntarily), being deprived of the beneficial ownership of an Award by 
operation of law, or becoming bankrupt.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
4.2 	Rule 4.1 does not restrict the transmission of an Award to the 
Participants Personal Representatives following his death.
 
5. 	PERFORMANCE CONDITION
 
5.1 	An Award shall be granted subject to the Performance Condition.
 
5.2 	Subject to Rule 5.3, each element of the Performance Condition shall 
be assessed over a period of not less than three years, ending no later 
than the Normal Vesting Date.
 
5.3 	An Award granted in respect of the recruitment of an Eligible Employee 
may be granted on terms that the Performance Condition shall be assessed 
over such shorter period as the Board may determine prior to the grant of 
the Award.
 
5.4 	If events happen following the Grant Date which cause the Board to 
determine that any element of the Performance Condition is no longer a fair 
measure of the Companys performance, the Board may alter the terms of such 
element as it determines to be appropriate but not so that the revised 
target is, in the opinion of the Board, materially less challenging than 
was intended in setting the original Performance Condition.
 
5.5 	The Performance Condition may not be retested.
 
6. 	ADDITIONAL TERMS SPECIFIC TO FORFEITABLE SHARE AWARDS

Restrictions applicable to Forfeitable Share Awards
 
6.1 	The Participant shall be (subject to the Award lapsing) the beneficial 
owner of the Shares subject to a Forfeitable Share Award. For the avoidance 
of doubt, such beneficial interest shall be subject to the restriction in 
Rule 4.1 (Awards are non-transferable).
 
6.2 	Until a Forfeitable Share Award vests, the Nominee shall refuse to act 
on any instruction from the Participant to (and, subject to Rule 6.3, shall 
not) transfer, assign, pledge, charge or otherwise dispose of, or grant any 
form of security or other interest over, legal title to the Shares subject 
to the Award or any interest therein, or enter into any agreement or accept 
any offer to do any such thing.
 
6.3 	The Nominee shall take such action as is necessary to give effect to 
Rules 9.8 (Roll-over of Award), 13.1 (Tax Liability), 14 (Claw-back), 16 (
Variation of capital) and Appendix 1 (Operation of Claw-back) and without 
further instruction from the Participant (and for the avoidance of doubt 
nothing in this Rule 6 shall prevent Shares subject to a Forfeitable Share 
Award becoming subject to a Corporate Action pursuant to Rule 9.3 (Scheme 
of compromise or arrangement)).


Voting rights on forfeitable Shares
 
6.4 	Unless the Board determines otherwise, the Participant shall be 
entitled to direct the Nominee to vote the Shares subject to a Forfeitable 
Share Award, provided that the Nominee shall not be bound to seek 
directions from the Participant to vote and in the absence of any such 
direction shall not vote.


Dividend rights on forfeitable Shares
 
6.5 	Unless the Board determines otherwise, the Participant shall be 
entitled to receive any dividends paid in respect of Shares subject to a 
Forfeitable Share Award (and if the Board so determines the Nominee shall 
waive the right to receive any dividends in respect of such Shares).


Lapse of Forfeitable Share Award
 
6.6 	Where a Forfeitable Share Award lapses, the Participant shall cease to 
be beneficially entitled to the Shares subject to the Award, and the 
beneficial interest in such Shares shall, unless the Board directs 
otherwise, revert to a Trust specified by the Board for nil or nominal 
consideration.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
7. 	VESTING

Normal vesting
 
7.1 	An Award shall vest on the Normal Vesting Date.


Vesting subject to Dealing Restrictions
 
7.2 	A Conditional Award or a Forfeitable Share Award shall not vest 
unless, and vesting shall be delayed until, the Board is satisfied that at 
that time:
 
  	7.2.1 	such vesting;
 
  	7.2.2 	the transfer of Shares to the Participant and the sale of Shares 
pursuant to Rule 13; and
 
  	7.2.3 	any action needed to be taken by the Company to give effect to 
such vesting is not contrary to any Dealing Restriction.


Extent of vesting determined by the Performance Condition
 
7.3 	The extent to which an Award shall be capable of vesting (if at all) 
shall be determined by reference to the Performance Condition. At the end 
of the period over which the Performance Condition is assessed, the Award 
shall lapse to the extent that the Performance Condition is not met.
 
7.4 	Where an Award vests (pursuant to Rule 7.7 (International Transfers), 
Rule 8 (Cessation of office or employment) or 9 (Corporate Actions)) prior 
to the end of the period over which any element of the Performance 
Condition is assessed, such element shall be assessed based on performance 
to the last Quarter Day prior to the date on which the Award vests using 
such information (not limited to published accounts) as the Board shall 
determine.


Effect of vesting
 
7.5 	The effect of the vesting of an Award is that:
 
  	7.5.1 	the Shares in respect of which a Conditional Award vests shall be 
transferred to the Participant as soon as is reasonably practicable;
 
  	7.5.2 	the Shares in respect of which a Forfeitable Share Award vests 
shall cease to be subject to the restrictions set out in Rule 6 (
Additional terms applicable to Forfeitable Share Awards), and legal title 
to such Shares shall be transferred to the Participant as soon as is 
reasonably practicable; and
 
  	7.5.3 	an Option shall, to the extent that it vests, become exercisable 
in accordance with Rule 10 (Options).


Disciplinary proceedings
 
7.6 	Unless the Board determines otherwise, an Award shall not vest while a 
Participant is subject to a formal disciplinary process, and vesting shall 
(subject to the Award lapsing to any extent as a result of the conclusion 
of such process pursuant to Rule 8 (Cessation of office or employment) or 
14 (Claw-back)) be delayed until the conclusion of such process.


International transfers
 
7.7 	Where a Participant, whilst continuing to hold an office or employment 
with a Group Company, is to be transferred to work in another country, and 
as a result the Board considers that following such transfer either he or a 
Group Company is likely to suffer a tax disadvantage in respect of an Award 
or, due to securities or exchange control laws, the Participant is likely 
to be restricted in his ability to receive Shares pursuant to an Award, to 
exercise an Option and/or to hold or deal in Shares, the Board may decide 
that an Award shall vest on such date as it may determine, in which case:
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
  	7.7.1 	the proportion of the Award which may vest shall be limited 
(unless the Board determines otherwise) to a pro rata proportion on the 
basis of the number of months (rounded up to the nearest whole month) which 
have elapsed from the first day of the Performance Period to such vesting 
date, as compared to the number of whole months within the Performance 
Period. Any remainder of the Award shall lapse; and
 
  	7.7.2 	an Option may be exercised during such period as may be 
determined by the Board ending no later than the date on which the 
Participants transfer takes effect.
 
8. 	CESSATION OF OFFICE OR EMPLOYMENT

Cessation where Awards lapse
 
8.1 	An Award shall lapse:
 
  	8.1.1 	on the Participant ceasing to hold office or employment with any 
Group Company; or
 
  	8.1.2 	if the Participant gives or receives notice of such cessation, on 
such earlier date as may be determined by the Board,

save in each case where Rule 8.2 or Rule 8.6 applies.


Reasons for cessation where Awards remain capable of vesting
 
8.2 	An Award shall not lapse pursuant to Rule 8.1 where the reason for the 
cessation or notice is:
 
  	8.2.1 	disability, ill-health or injury (as evidenced to the 
satisfaction of the Board);
 
  	8.2.2 	redundancy (within the meaning of the Employment Rights Act 
1996);
 
  	8.2.3 	the transfer of the Participants employment in connection with 
the disposal of a business or undertaking, or a part- business or part- 
undertaking;
 
  	8.2.4 	the company with which the Participant holds office or employment 
ceasing to be a Group Company; or
 
  	8.2.5 	any other reason, if the Board so determines.

Where the Board exercises its discretion under Rule 8.2.5 the Board may 
impose additional conditions on the Award (including as to when the Award 
may vest).


Cessation prior to the Normal Vesting Date
 
8.3 	Where prior to the Normal Vesting Date a Participant ceases to hold 
office or employment with any Group Company for any of the reasons 
specified in Rule 8.2:
 
  	8.3.1 	an Award shall not vest at the date of such cessation, but shall 
continue to be capable of vesting (in which case an Option may be exercised 
during the period of six months, or such other period as may be determined 
by the Board, from such date on which the Award may vest, and shall lapse 
at the expiry of such period); or
 
  	8.3.2 	the Board may determine that the Award shall instead vest on or 
at any time following the date of cessation (in which case an Option may be 
exercised during the period of six months, or such other period as may be 
determined by the Board, from such vesting date, and shall lapse at the 
expiry of such period).

For the avoidance of doubt, the Board may make the determination in Rule 
8.3.2 on a standing basis (subject to revocation of such determination at 
any time) in respect of all Awards to be granted to a specified Eligible 
Employee or Eligible Employees.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
8.4 	Where prior to the Normal Vesting Date a Participant ceases to hold 
office or employment with any Group Company for any of the reasons 
specified in Rule 8.2, unless the Board determines otherwise:
 
  	8.4.1 	if the date of such cessation falls within the first six months 
of the Performance Period, the Award shall lapse in full on the date of 
such cessation; or
 
  	8.4.2 	where Rule 8.4.1 does not apply, the proportion of the Award 
which may vest (under any Rule) shall be limited to a pro rata proportion 
on the basis of the number of months (rounded up to the nearest whole 
month) which have elapsed from the first day of the Performance Period to 
the date of cessation, as compared to the number of whole months within the 
Performance Period. Any remainder of the Award shall lapse.


Exercise period in the event of cessation on or after the Normal Vesting 
Date
 
8.5 	Where on or after the Normal Vesting Date a Participant ceases to hold 
office or employment with any Group Company for any of the reasons 
specified in Rule 8.2, an Option shall lapse at the expiry of the period of 
six months, or such other period as may be determined by the Board, from 
the date of cessation.


Death
 
8.6 	An Award shall vest on the Participants death. An Option may be 
exercised (by the Participants Personal Representatives) during a period 
of one year from the date of the Participants death and shall lapse at the 
expiry of such period. Where a Participant dies during an exercise period 
pursuant to either Rule 8.3 or 8.5 an Option shall not lapse as a result of 
such Rule until the expiry of the twelve month period in this Rule 8.6.


Cessation following a Corporate Action
 
8.7 	Where a Participant ceases to hold office or employment with any Group 
Company following a Corporate Action within the relevant exercise period 
referred to in Rule 9 (Corporate Actions), an Option shall not lapse 
pursuant to this Rule 8 until the expiry of the relevant exercise period in 
Rule 9 (Corporate Actions). This Rule 8.7 shall not apply where the 
cessation is by way of (or occurs where there are circumstances which the 
Board determines would have justified) summary dismissal or service of 
notice of termination of office or employment on the grounds of misconduct.


Meaning of cessation of office or employment
 
8.8 	No provision of this Rule 8 shall apply in respect of any cessation of 
office or employment if immediately following the cessation the Participant 
holds an office or employment with any Group Company, or in respect of any 
notice of cessation if arrangements are in place that mean immediately 
following the notice becoming effective the Participant will hold an office 
or employment with any Group Company.
 
9. 	CORPORATE ACTIONS

General offers
 
9.1 	Awards shall vest:
 
  	9.1.1 	upon a person obtaining Control of the Company as a result of 
making a general offer to acquire Shares;
 
  	9.1.2 	upon a person, having obtained Control of the Company, making a 
general offer to acquire Shares; or
 
  	9.1.3 	
if a person makes a general offer to acquire Shares that would result in 
that person obtaining Control of the Company and the Board so determines, 
on the
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
  	 date which the Board determines to be the last practicable date prior 
to the date on which it expects such person to obtain Control of the 
Company,

in each case being a general offer to acquire all of the Shares (other than 
Shares held by the person making the offer and any person connected to that 
person).

Options may be exercised during the period of six months from the date of 
any such event (but if not exercised, Options shall not lapse at the expiry 
of such period).


Compulsory acquisition
 
9.2 	Awards shall vest upon a person becoming entitled to acquire Shares 
under Sections 979 to 982 of the Companies Act 2006.

Options may be exercised during a period of one month from the date on 
which that person first becomes so entitled, and shall lapse at the expiry 
of such period.


Scheme of compromise or arrangement
 
9.3 	Awards shall vest upon a Court sanctioning a compromise or arrangement 
which, on becoming effective, would result in:
 
  	9.3.1 	any person obtaining Control of the Company;
 
  	9.3.2 	the undertaking, property and liabilities of the Company being 
transferred to another existing or new company; or
 
  	9.3.3 	the undertaking, property and liabilities of the Company being 
divided among and transferred to two or more companies, whether existing or 
new.

Options may be exercised during a period of six months from the date of a 
Court sanctioning such a compromise or arrangement (or, if earlier, to the 
day prior to the date on which a transfer as described in Rule 9.3.2 or 
Rule 9.3.3 is to become effective), and shall lapse at the expiry of such 
period.


Merger
 
9.4 	Awards shall vest upon a competent authority approving a Cross-Border 
Merger, pursuant to which the Company shall cease to exist.

Options may be exercised during the period from the date of a competent 
authority approving a Cross-Border Merger until the day prior to the date 
on which the Cross-Border Merger is to become effective, and shall lapse at 
the expiry of such period.


Voluntary winding-up
 
9.5 	Awards shall vest in the event of a notice being given of a resolution 
for the voluntary winding-up of the Company.

Options may be exercised during a period of two months from the date of 
such a notice being given and shall lapse at the expiry of such period.


Demerger or special dividend
 
9.6 	If the Board so determines, Awards may vest following the announcement 
of a demerger of a substantial part of the Groups business, a special 
dividend or a similar event affecting the value of Shares to a material 
extent on such date specified by the Board. Where the Board makes such 
determination, Options may be exercised during a period of two months (or 
such other period as the Board may determine) from the date specified by 
the Board and, unless the Board determines otherwise, shall lapse at the 
expiry of such period.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
Extent of vesting on a Corporate Action
 
9.7 	Where an Award vests (and, in the case of an Option, is exercised) 
pursuant to any of Rules 9.1 to 9.6, the proportion of the Award which may 
vest shall be limited (unless the Board determines otherwise) to a pro rata 
proportion on the basis of the number of months (rounded up to the nearest 
whole month) which have elapsed from the first day of the Performance 
Period to the date of the Corporate Action, as compared to the number of 
whole months within the Performance Period. Any remainder of the Award 
shall lapse.


Roll-over of Award on a Reorganisation or takeover
 
9.8 	Unless the Board determines otherwise, an Award shall not vest 
pursuant to this Rule 9 if, as a result of any event that would otherwise 
be a Corporate Action, a company will obtain Control of the Company or will 
obtain substantially all of the assets of the Company (the Acquiring 
Company), and either:
 
  	9.8.1 	the Acquiring Company will immediately following such event have 
(either directly or indirectly) substantially the same shareholders and 
approximate shareholdings as those of the Company prior to such event (a 
Reorganisation); or
 
  	9.8.2 	the Board, with the agreement of the Acquiring Company, 
determines that the Award shall not vest as a result of such event and so 
notifies the Participant prior to the occurrence of the date on which the 
Award would otherwise vest.

In such case:
 
  	9.8.3 	the existing Option or Conditional Award (the Old Award) shall 
lapse on the occurrence of the relevant event, provided that the New Parent 
Company shall grant a replacement right to receive shares (the New Award) 
over such number of shares in the New Parent Company which are of 
equivalent value to the number of Shares in respect of which the Old Award 
was outstanding. The New Award shall be granted on the terms of the Plan, 
but as if the New Award had been granted at the same time as the Old Award 
and shall continue to be subject to the Performance Condition (but subject 
to Rule 5.4 (Performance Condition));
 
  	9.8.4 	where the event is an event specified in Rule 9.1.1 or Rule 9.1.2 
(notwithstanding that the Award shall not vest pursuant to such Rule) the 
Nominee shall action the acceptance of the general offer in respect of the 
Shares subject to the Forfeitable Share Award; and/or
 
  	9.8.5 	the proceeds from the relevant event received by the Nominee in 
respect of the Shares subject to the Forfeitable Share Award, whether in 
cash or securities (and the Nominee shall accept, on behalf of the 
Participant, any offer of securities in preference to the receipt of cash), 
shall continue to be held on behalf of the Participant subject to the terms 
of the Plan, provided that a proportion of such proceeds as is of equal 
value to the amount of any Tax Liability arising in respect of the Award at 
such time shall vest and shall be dealt with in accordance with Rule 13.1.1 
(Tax Liability) (and references in the Plan to the Shares subject to the 
Forfeitable Share Award shall be read as being to the proceeds that 
continue to be held on behalf of the Participant).

For the purposes of this Rule 9.8:
 
  	9.8.6 	the New Parent Company shall be the Acquiring Company, or, if 
different the company that is the ultimate parent company of the Acquiring 
Company within the meaning of section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006; and
 
  	9.8.7 	the terms of the Plan shall following the date of the relevant 
event be construed as if:
 
  	(A) 	the reference to British American Tobacco p.l.c. in the 
definition of Company in Rule 1 (Interpretation and construction) were a 
reference to the company which is the New Parent Company, and
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
  	(B) 	save where the New Parent Company is listed, Rule 18.2 (Amendments
) were omitted.


Compulsory winding-up
 
9.9 	An Award shall lapse on the passing of an effective resolution, or the 
making of a Court order, for the compulsory winding-up of the Company.


Concert parties
 
9.10 	For the purposes of this Rule 9, a person shall be deemed to have 
Control of the Company where he and any others acting in concert with him 
together have Control of the Company.
 
10. 	OPTIONS
 
10.1 	An Option may be exercised, in full or in any number of parts, by the 
delivery to the Company (or such other person nominated by the Company) of 
a valid notice of exercise in such form as the Board may prescribe together 
with payment of the Option Price for the Shares in respect of which the 
Option is exercised (if any).
 
10.2 	An Option shall lapse on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date (or 
such earlier date as the Board may determine prior to the Grant Date).
 
10.3 	Any Shares in respect of which the Option is exercised shall be 
transferred to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable.
 
10.4 	An Option may not be exercised unless the Board is satisfied that at 
such time:
 
  	10.4.1 	such exercise,
 
  	10.4.2 	the transfer of Shares to the Participant and the sale of Shares 
pursuant to Rule 13; and
 
  	10.4.3 	any action needed to be taken by the Company to give effect to 
such exercise,

is not contrary to any Dealing Restriction. Where the exercise, transfer or 
dealing in Shares is contrary to any Dealing Restriction on the last 
Dealing Day in any of the periods referred to in Rules 8.3, 8.5 or 8.6 (
Rule 8 being in relation to cessation of office or employment) or Rules 9.1 
to 9.3 or 9.6 (Rule 9 being in relation to Corporate Actions), such period 
shall be extended to the end of the first Dealing Day thereafter on which 
the Board is satisfied that the exercise, transfer and dealing in Shares is 
not contrary to any Dealing Restriction.
 
10.5 	An Option shall lapse on the earliest date provided under any Rule 
(save only as expressly provided in Rules 8.6 (Death) and 8.7 (Cessation 
following a Corporate Action)).
 
11. 	DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT
 
11.1 	If at any time prior to the Normal Vesting Date the Board so 
determines, on or following the date on which an Award vests the Company 
may make a cash payment to the Participant equal to the amount of any 
dividends that the Participant would have received in respect of the number 
of Shares in respect of which the Award vests had the Participant been the 
full legal and beneficial owner of such Shares during the period from the 
Grant Date to the date the Award vests.
 
11.2 	A cash payment under Rule 11.1 may be made in a currency other than 
pounds sterling, in which case the amount of such payment shall be 
converted into such other currency on such basis as is determined by the 
Board.
 
11.3 	Rule 11.1 shall not apply in respect of a Forfeitable Share Award 
unless the Board determines pursuant to Rule 6.5 (Dividend rights on 
forfeitable Shares) that the Participant shall not be entitled to receive 
dividends paid in respect of the Shares subject to the Forfeitable Share 
Award.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
12. 	CASH ALTERNATIVE  OPTIONS AND CONDITIONAL AWARDS
 
12.1 	This Rule 12 shall not apply in respect of any Award granted to a 
Participant resident in any jurisdiction where the grant of an Award which 
provides for a cash alternative would be unlawful, fall outside any 
applicable exemption under securities, exchange control or similar 
regulations, or would cause adverse tax or social security (or similar) 
contribution consequences for the Company or the Participant (in each case 
as determined by the Board) or where the Board determines prior to the 
Grant Date that this Rule 12 shall not apply.
 
12.2 	The Board may determine prior to the Grant Date that a Conditional 
Award or Option shall only be satisfied in cash, in which case the Award 
shall not be a right to acquire Shares, and the vesting of the Conditional 
Award or exercise of the Option shall be satisfied in full by the payment 
of a cash equivalent amount, in substitution for the transfer of Shares.
 
12.3 	Where the Board has made no determination pursuant to Rule 12.1 or 
12.2 in respect of any Conditional Award or Option, the Board may determine 
at any time prior to the transfer of Shares pursuant to such Award that the 
vesting of the Conditional Award or the exercise of the Option (or a part 
thereof) shall be satisfied by the payment of a cash equivalent amount, in 
substitution for the transfer of Shares.
 
12.4 	A cash equivalent amount shall be calculated as the number of 
Shares which would otherwise be transferred in respect of the relevant 
vesting or exercise but which are being substituted for the cash equivalent 
amount, multiplied by the Market Value of a Share on the vesting date (or, 
in the case of an Option, the Market Value of a Share on the date of 
exercise less the Option Price (if any)).
 
12.5 	A cash equivalent amount shall be paid as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the relevant vesting or exercise.
 
12.6 	A cash equivalent amount may be paid in a currency other than pounds 
sterling, in which case the cash equivalent amount shall be converted into 
such other currency on such basis as is determined by the Board.
 
13. 	TAX LIABILITY
 
13.1 	When any Tax Liability arises in respect of an Award, the Participant 
authorises any Group Company:
 
  	13.1.1 	to retain and sell legal title to such number of the Shares 
which would otherwise have been transferred to the Participant on vesting 
or exercise of the Award, or any part thereof, (notwithstanding that 
beneficial title shall pass) as may be sold for aggregate proceeds equal to 
the Group Companys estimate of the amount of the Tax Liability;
 
  	13.1.2 	to deduct an amount equal to the Group Companys estimate of the 
Tax Liability from any cash payment made under the Plan; and/or
 
  	13.1.3 	where the amount realised under Rule 13.1.1 or deducted under 
Rule 13.1.2 is insufficient to cover the full amount of the Tax Liability, 
to deduct any further amount as is necessary through payroll,

and in each case to apply such amount in paying the amount of the Tax 
Liability to the relevant revenue authority or in reimbursing the relevant 
Group Company for any such payment, provided that, where the amount 
realised under Rule 13.1.1 or deducted under Rule 13.1.2 is greater than 
the actual Tax Liability, the Group Company shall repay the excess to the 
Participant as soon as reasonably practicable.

The Group Company shall be entitled to make the estimates referred to in 
this Rule 13.1 on the basis of the highest rates of tax and/or social 
security applicable at the relevant time in the jurisdiction in which the 
Group Company is liable to account for the Tax Liability, notwithstanding 
that the Tax Liability may not arise at such rates.
 
13.2 	Tax Liability shall mean any amount of tax and/or social security 
(or similar) contributions which any Group Company becomes liable to pay on 
behalf of the Participant
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
  	 to the revenue authorities in any jurisdiction, together with all or 
such proportion (if any) of employers social security contributions which 
would otherwise be payable by any Group Company as is determined to be 
recoverable from the Participant (to the extent permitted by law) by the 
Board, or which the Participant has agreed to pay or which are subject to 
recovery pursuant to an election to which paragraph 3B of Schedule 1 to the 
Social Security Contributions and Benefits Act 1992 applies.
 
14. 	VESTED SHARE ACCOUNTS
 
14.1 	Legal title to any Shares which are due to be transferred to the 
Participant pursuant to the Plan may be transferred to a person (the 
Vested Share Account Provider) appointed by the Company from time to time 
to hold legal title to such Shares on behalf of the Participant.
 
14.2 	The Vested Share Account Provider shall receive and hold Shares on 
behalf of the Participant in accordance with such terms and conditions as 
are agreed by the Company from time to time, and by participating in the 
Plan the Participant irrevocably agrees to those terms and conditions 
(which shall be available to the Participant on request to the Company).
 
14.3 	The transfer of any Shares to the Vested Share Account Provider shall 
satisfy any obligation of the Company under the Plan to transfer Shares to 
the Participant (and references in the Plan to Shares (or legal title 
thereof) having been transferred to the Participant shall be read 
accordingly).
 
15. 	CLAW-BACK

Claw-back events
 
15.1 	The Board may at any time prior to the fifth anniversary of the Grant 
Date of an Award determine that a Claw-back shall apply in respect of an 
Award, if the Board determines that:
 
  	15.1.1 	there has been a material misrepresentation in relation to the 
performance of any Group Company, relevant business unit and/or the 
Participant on the basis of which the extent to which the Award will be 
capable of vesting, or vested, was determined (which may include, but shall 
not be limited to: (i) a misstatement of the financial results and/or 
health of any Group Company; (ii) an erroneous calculation in relation to 
any Group Companys results or other performance benchmark; (iii) errors in 
any Group Companys financial statements; or (iv) discrepancies in the 
financial accounts, and, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding that 
such misrepresentation may not arise from fraud or reckless behaviour); or
 
  	15.1.2 	an erroneous calculation was made in assessing the extent to 
which the Award is to be capable of vesting, or vested,

and, in either case, the Award is capable of vesting, or vested, in respect 
of a greater number of Shares than would have been the case had there not 
been such a misrepresentation or had such error not been made.
 
15.2 	The Board may at any time (whether before or after vesting) determine 
that a Claw-back shall apply in respect of an Award where the Participant 
is found to have committed at any time prior to the vesting of the Award, 
including prior to grant, an act or omission which justifies, or in the 
opinion of the Board would have justified, summary dismissal or service of 
notice of termination of office or employment on the grounds of misconduct.


Applying Claw-back
 
15.3 	A Claw-back shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of 
Appendix 1 (Operation of Claw-back).
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
Lapse of Awards to give effect to claw-back of other awards
 
15.4 	By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges that the 
Board may lapse any Award to such extent as it determines to be necessary 
(including in full) in order to give effect to a claw-back under the terms 
of the Plan or any other Employees Share Scheme or bonus scheme operated 
from time to time by any Group Company.


No Claw-back following Corporate Action
 
15.5 	No Claw-back shall be capable of being applied at any time following 
any Corporate Action, save where the determination that the Claw-back shall 
apply was made prior to such event (and, for the avoidance of doubt, a 
Corporate Action does not include a Reorganisation).
 
16. 	VARIATION OF CAPITAL
 
16.1 	If in respect of Shares subject to a Forfeitable Share Award the 
Nominee receives on behalf of a Participant any rights to acquire 
securities, the Nominee shall sell such rights nil paid to the extent 
necessary to take up the remaining rights.
 
16.2 	In the event of any variation of the share capital of the Company, or 
in the event of the demerger of a substantial part of the Groups business, 
a special dividend or similar event affecting the value of Shares to a 
material extent (which shall not include the payment of any ordinary 
dividend):
 
  	16.2.1 	the Board may make such adjustments to Conditional Awards and 
Options as it may determine to be appropriate; and
 
  	16.2.2 	any proceeds from such an event received by a Nominee in respect 
of any Shares subject to a Forfeitable Share Award, whether in cash or 
securities, (including where the Nominee takes up rights pursuant to Rule 
16.1) shall be held by the Nominee on the same terms as the Forfeitable 
Share Award to which they relate, and references to the Shares subject to a 
Forfeitable Share Award shall be read to include such proceeds.
 
16.3 	For the avoidance of doubt Rule 16.2 shall not apply in respect of 
any Awards pursuant to which legal title to Shares has been transferred 
prior to the date of the relevant event (such that the recipient of such 
legal title shall participate in such event as a holder of Shares) 
including pursuant to the vesting of an Award under Rule 9.6 (Demerger or 
special dividend).
 
17. 	ADMINISTRATION
 
17.1 	Any notice or other communication under or in connection with this 
Plan may be given by the Company (or its agents) to a Participant 
personally, by email or by post, or by a Participant to the Company or any 
Group Company either personally or by post to the Secretary of the Company. 
Items sent by post shall be pre-paid and shall be deemed to have been 
received 48 hours after posting. Items sent by email shall be deemed to 
have been received immediately.
 
17.2 	A Participant shall not be entitled to:
 
  	17.2.1 	receive copies of accounts or notices sent to holders of Shares;
 
  	17.2.2 	subject to Rule 6.4 (Voting rights on forfeitable Shares) in 
respect of a Forfeitable Share Award, exercise voting rights; or
 
  	17.2.3 	subject to Rule 6.5 (Dividends rights on forfeitable Shares) in 
respect of a Forfeitable Share Award, receive dividends,

in respect of Shares subject to an Award legal title to which has not been 
transferred to the Participant.
 
17.3 	Any discretion (including the power to make any determination) of the 
Board under or in connection with the Plan may be exercised by the Board in 
its absolute discretion.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
17.4 	Any exercise of discretion (including the making of any 
determination) by the Board under or in connection with the Plan shall be 
final and binding.
 
17.5 	Any disputes regarding the interpretation of the Rules or the terms 
of any Award shall be determined by the Board (upon such advice as the 
Board determines to be necessary) and any decision in relation thereto 
shall be final and binding.
 
18. 	AMENDMENTS
 
18.1    Subject 	to Rules 18.2 and 18.4, the Board may at any time add to 
or alter the Plan or any Award made thereunder in any respect.
 
18.2 	Subject to Rule 18.3, no addition or alteration to the advantage of 
present or future Participants relating to eligibility, the limits on 
participation, the overall limits on the issue of Shares or the transfer of 
Treasury Shares, the basis for determining a Participants entitlement to, 
or the terms of, Shares or cash provided pursuant to the Plan and the 
provisions for adjustments on a variation of share capital shall be made 
without the prior approval by ordinary resolution of the shareholders of 
the Company in general meeting.
 
18.3 	Rule 18.2 shall not apply to any alteration to or substitution of the 
Performance Condition or to any alteration or addition which is necessary 
or desirable in order to comply with or take account of the provisions of 
any proposed or existing legislation, law or other regulatory requirements 
or to take advantage of any changes in legislation, law or other regulatory 
requirements, or to obtain or maintain favourable taxation, exchange 
control or regulatory treatment of any Group Company or any Participant or 
to make minor amendments to benefit the administration of the Plan.
 
18.4 	No alteration or addition shall be made under Rule 18.1 which would 
abrogate or adversely affect the subsisting rights of a Participant unless 
it is made:
 
  	18.4.1 	with the consent in writing of the Participant;
 
  	18.4.2 	with the consent in writing of such number of Participants as 
hold Awards under the Plan in relation to 75 per cent. of the Shares 
subject to all Awards under the Plan; or
 
  	18.4.3 	by a resolution at a meeting of Participants passed by not less 
than 75 per cent. of the Participants who attend and vote either in person 
or by proxy,

and for the purpose of Rule 18.4.2 or 18.4.3 the Participants shall be 
treated as the holders of a separate class of share capital and the 
provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company relating to class 
meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis.
 
18.5 	The Board may, in respect of Eligible Employees who are or who may 
become subject to taxation outside the United Kingdom on their 
remuneration, establish such plans or sub-plans based on the Plan but 
subject to such modifications as the Board determines to be necessary or 
desirable to take account of or to mitigate or to comply with relevant 
overseas taxation, securities or exchange control laws, provided that the 
terms of awards made under such plans or sub-plans are not overall more 
favourable than the terms of Awards made under the Plan and provided that 
awards made, and Shares issued, pursuant to such plans or sub-plans shall 
count towards the limits set out in Rules 2 (Plan limits) and 3.3 (
Individual limit).
 
19. 	DATA PROTECTION
 
19.1 	From time to time the Company will process personal data and 
sensitive personal data relating to the Participant in order to fulfil the 
obligations of the Company to the Participant under the Plan and for other 
purposes relating to or which may become related to the Participants 
employment, the operation of the Plan or the business of the Company. Such 
processing will principally be for, but will not be limited to, personnel, 
administrative, financial, regulatory or payroll purposes as well as for 
the purposes of introducing and administering the Plan.
 
19.2 	
By participating in the Plan, the Participant consents to personal data and 
sensitive personal data relating to him, for the purposes set out in Rule 
19.2 and to the extent that is
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
  	 reasonably necessary in connection with the Participants employment or 
the business of the Company, being processed by the Company and being 
disclosed or transferred to and processed by:
 
  	19.2.1 	the Companys professional advisors, HM Revenue & Customs or 
other authorities, or (subject to appropriate confidentiality undertakings) 
prospective purchasers of the Company or of the whole or part of its 
business;
 
  	19.2.2 	a nominee, a trustee of a Trust, its registrars, brokers, other 
third party administrator or any person who obtains control of the Company 
or acquires the Company, undertaking or part-undertaking which employs the 
Participant; and
 
  	19.2.3 	any Group Company and the employees of such Group Company.
 
19.3 	The Participants consent to the transfer and disclosure of personal 
data and sensitive personal data shall apply regardless of the country to 
which the data is to be transferred. Where data is transferred outside of 
the European Economic Area, the Company shall take reasonable steps to 
ensure an adequate level of protection for the personal data and sensitive 
personal data concerned. Personal data, sensitive personal data and 
processing shall have the respective meanings attributed to them by the 
Data Protection Act 1998.
 
20. 	GENERAL
 
20.1 	The Plan shall terminate on the 10th anniversary of the approval of 
the Plan by the shareholders of the Company in general meeting, or at any 
earlier time by resolution of the Board or an ordinary resolution of the 
shareholders in general meeting. Such termination shall be without 
prejudice to the subsisting rights of Participants.
 
20.2 	Save as otherwise provided under the Plan:
 
  	20.2.1 	Shares issued and allotted pursuant to the Plan will rank pari 
passu in all respects with the Shares then in issue at the date of such 
allotment, except that they will not rank for any rights attaching to 
Shares by reference to a record date preceding the date of allotment; and
 
  	20.2.2 	Shares to be transferred pursuant to the Plan will be 
transferred free of all liens, charges and encumbrances and together with 
all rights attaching thereto, except they will not rank for any rights 
attaching to Shares by reference to a record date preceding the date of 
transfer.
 
20.3 	If and so long as the Shares are admitted to listing and/or for 
trading on any stock exchange or market, the Company shall apply for any 
Shares issued and allotted pursuant to the Plan to be so admitted as soon 
as practicable.
 
20.4 	Any transfer of Shares under the Plan is subject to such consent, if 
any, of any authorities in any jurisdiction as may be required, and the 
Participant shall be responsible for complying with the requirements to 
obtain or obviate the necessity for such consents.
 
20.5 	The terms of any individuals office or employment with any past or 
present Group Company, and the rights and obligations of the individual 
thereunder, shall not be affected by his participation in the Plan and the 
Plan shall not form part of any contract of employment between the 
individual and any such company.
 
20.6 	An Eligible Employee shall have no right to receive an Award under 
the Plan.
 
20.7 	By participating in the Plan, the Participant waives all and any 
rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of his 
office or employment with any past or present Group Company for any reason 
whatsoever, whether lawfully or otherwise, insofar as those rights arise or 
may arise from his ceasing to have rights under the Plan (including ceasing 
to be entitled to exercise any Option) as a result of such termination, or 
from the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements, 
including by reason of the operation of the terms of the Plan, any 
determination by the Board pursuant to a discretion contained in the Plan 
or the provisions of any statute or law relating to taxation.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
20.8 	Benefits under the Plan shall not form part of a Participants 
remuneration for any purpose and shall not be pensionable.
 
20.9 	The invalidity or non-enforceability of any provision or Rule of the 
Plan shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions and Rules of the Plan which shall continue in full force and 
effect.
 
20.10 	These Rules shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
English Law.
 
20.11 	The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine 
any dispute which may arise out of, or in connection with, the Plan.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
APPENDIX 1: OPERATION OF CLAW-BACK

Claw-back prior to the transfer of Shares in respect of an Award (or 
malus)
 
1. 	Where the Board determines (pursuant to Rule 15.1 or 15.2 (Claw-back 
events)) that a Claw-back shall apply in respect of an Award prior to legal 
title to Shares having been transferred to the Participant pursuant to the 
Award (whether before or after vesting), the Claw-back shall be applied by 
the Board reducing the number of Shares in respect of which the Award may 
vest or, in the case of an Option, be exercised (or after vesting by 
reducing the number of Shares legal title to which may be transferred 
pursuant to the Award) by up to the number of Shares determined by the 
Board to be the excess number of Shares in respect of which the Award was 
granted and/or is outstanding (and the Award shall lapse to the extent so 
reduced, which may be in full).


Claw-back following the transfer of Shares in respect of an Award
 
2. 	Where the Board determines (pursuant to Rule 15.1 or 15.2 (Claw-back 
events)) that a Claw-back shall apply in respect of an Award following 
legal title to Shares having been transferred to the Participant pursuant 
to the Award (a Post-Transfer Claw-back), the Board shall determine:
 
  	a. 	the excess number of Shares in respect of which the Award vested 
(the Excess Shares); and
 
  	b. 	the aggregate Market Value of such Excess Shares (as determined by 
the Board) on the date on which the Award vested or, in the case of an 
Option, the date the Option was exercised (the Equivalent Value).
 
3. 	In the case of a Post-Transfer Claw-back:
 
  	a. 	any dividends received in respect of the Shares subject to a 
Forfeitable Share Award pursuant to Rule 6.5 (Dividend rights on 
forfeitable Shares); and/or
 
  	b. 	any cash payment made or additional Shares transferred pursuant to 
Rule 11 (Dividend equivalent) in respect of such Award shall be subject to 
the Claw-back to the extent that the Board determines that such cash 
payment or Shares relate to the Excess Shares.
 
4. 	A Post-Transfer Claw-back may be effected in such manner as may be 
determined by the Board, and notified to the Participant, including by any 
one or more of the following:
 
  	a. 	by reducing the number of Shares and/or amount of cash in respect of 
which an Outstanding Award vests or may vest (or has vested, but in respect 
of which no Shares have yet been transferred or cash payment made), whether 
before or after the assessment of performance conditions in respect of such 
Outstanding Award, by the number of Excess Shares and/or the Equivalent 
Value (and such Outstanding Award shall lapse to the extent so reduced);
 
  	b. 	by setting-off against any amounts payable by any Group Company to 
the Participant an amount up to the Equivalent Value (including from any 
bonus payment which may otherwise become payable to the Participant); 
and/or
 
  	c. 	by requiring the Participant to immediately transfer to the Company 
a number of Shares equal to the Excess Shares or a cash amount equal to the 
Equivalent Value (which shall be an immediately payable debt due to the 
Company), provided that the Board may reduce the number of Excess Shares or 
the amount of the Equivalent Value subject to the Claw-back in order to 
take account of any Tax Liability (as defined in Rule 13 (Tax Liability)) 
which arose on the Excess Shares (howsoever delivered to the Participant).
 
5. 	For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in Rule 15 (Clawback) or this 
Appendix shall in any way restrict a Participant from being able to 
transfer or otherwise deal in Shares acquired on vesting or exercise of an 
Award.
 
6. 	In paragraph 4 above:

Outstanding Award means any other Award under the Plan, any award or 
option under any other Employees Share Scheme operated from time to time 
by any Group Company (other than any award or options granted under any 
arrangement which satisfies the
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
provisions of Schedules 2 or 3, or (unless the terms of such arrangement 
state that shares acquired thereunder are subject to claw-back) 4 or 5, of 
the Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003), or any bonus award under 
any bonus scheme operated from time to time by any Group Company, in each 
case which is either held by the Participant at the time of a determination 
that a Claw-back shall be applied or which are granted to the Participant 
following such a determination; and

vests shall include shares or cash subject to an award becoming due to be 
transferred or paid, and in the case of an option, the option becoming 
exercisable.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
British American Tobacco 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
 
APPENDIX 2: AWARDS GRANTED TO US TAXPAYERS
 
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Participants excluding Executive Directors)


SCHEDULE 1A

PERFORMANCE CONDITION APPLICABLE TO AWARDS GRANTED IN 2016

TO PARTICIPANTS OTHER THAN EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
 
1. 	Subject to the Rules, the extent to which the Shares in respect of 
which an Award is granted (the Award Shares) may vest shall be 
determined:
 
  	a. 	as to 40% of the Award Shares, by reference to the performance 
target based on Earnings per Share specified in paragraph 3 below is 
satisfied
 
  	b. 	as to 20% of the Award Shares, by reference to the performance 
target based on Total Shareholder Return specified in paragraph 4 below;
 
  	c. 	as to 20% of the Award Shares, by reference to the performance 
target based on the Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio specified in 
paragraph 5 below;
 
  	d. 	as to 20% of the Award Shares, by reference to the performance 
target based on Net Turnover specified in paragraph 6 below; and
 
2. 	The Performance Period for Awards granted in 2016 shall commence on 1 
January 2016 and end on 31 December 2018.
 
3. 	Earnings per Share
 
  	a. 	The performance target in this paragraph 3 (the EPS Target) shall 
consist of two equal, independent elements such that the number of Award 
Shares which vest pursuant to this EPS Target shall be the aggregate of the 
number of Award Shares which vest pursuant to each element.
 
  	b. 	Each element of the EPS Target operates by calculating the compound 
annual growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share (unless the Board 
determines that an alternative definition of earnings per share is more 
appropriate) for the Company, in the case of the first element measured at 
current rates of exchange, and in the case of the second element measured 
at constant rates of exchange.
 
  	  	EPS Target: current rates of exchange
 
  	c. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to this 
element of the EPS Target depends upon the compound annual growth in 
adjusted diluted earnings per share over the Performance Period, measured 
at current rates of exchange, as follows:
 
Compound annual growth rate in adjusted diluted EPS (measured
at current rates of exchange) over the Performance Period
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to this element
of the EPS Target
10% pa or greater 	   	20%
Between 10% pa and 5% pa 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 4%
5% pa 	   	4%
Less than 5% pa 	   	0%

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Participants excluding Executive Directors)
 
  	  	EPS Target: constant rates of exchange
 
  	d. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to this 
element of the EPS Target depends upon the compound annual growth in 
adjusted diluted earnings per share over the Performance Period, measured 
at constant rates of exchange, as follows:
 
Compound annual growth rate in adjusted diluted EPS (measured
at constant rates of exchange) over the Performance Period
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to this element
of the EPS Target
10% pa or greater 	   	20%
Between 10% pa and 5% pa 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 4%
5% pa 	   	4%
Less than 5% pa 	   	0%
 
  	e. 	For the purposes of paragraphs 3.c and 3.d above, compound annual 
growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share over the Performance Period 
(expressed as a percentage) is calculated as follows:
 
[LOGO]

Where:
 
  	E0 = 	adjusted diluted earnings per share of the Company in the 
Financial Year immediately preceding the Financial Year in which the 
Performance Period begins (being Year 0); and
 
  	E3 = 	adjusted diluted earnings per share of the Company in the final 
Financial Year of the Performance Period (being Year 3),

measured at:
 
  	i. 	current rates of exchange for the purposes of paragraph 3.c; and
 
  	ii. 	constant rates of exchange for the purposes of paragraph 3.d, for 
which purpose the value of E0 and E3 shall be taken as index values, with 
the value for E0 being the base index value (representing adjusted diluted 
earnings per share in Year 0), with the purpose of such index being to 
reflect changes over the Performance Period in adjusted diluted earnings 
per share of the Company as measured on a constant currency basis, and E3 
being taken as the value of such index for Year 3,

and in either case provided that if the Board determines that a measurement 
of earnings per share other than adjusted diluted earnings per share is 
more appropriate the calculation shall be on that other basis and this 
paragraph 3 shall apply accordingly).
 
4. 	TSR Target
 
  	a. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to the 
performance target in this paragraph 4 (the TSR Target) depends upon the 
Companys Total Shareholder Return over the Performance Period relative to 
the Total Shareholder Return of the Comparator Group:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Participants excluding Executive Directors)
 
Ranked position of the Companys TSR against the relevant
comparator companies
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to this TSR
Target
Upper quartile or above 	   	20%
Between upper quartile and median 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 4%
Median 	   	4%
Below median 	   	0%
 
  	b. 	For the purpose of this TSR Target:
 
  	i. 	The Comparator Group shall comprise the following companies:
 
Anheuser-Busch InBev 	   	Imperial Tobacco Group 	   	PepsiCo Inc
Campbell Soup Company 	   	Japan Tobacco 	   	Pernod Ricard
Carlsberg A/S 	   	Johnson & Johnson 	   	Philip Morris International
Coca Cola 	   	Kellogg 	   	Procter & Gamble
Colgate-Palmolive 	   	Kimberley-Clark 	   	Reckitt Benckiser
Danone 	   	LVMH 	   	SABMiller
Diageo 	   	Mondelez International 	   	Unilever
Heineken 	   	Nestlé 	   	
 
  	ii. 	The Total Shareholder Return of the Company and each of the 
relevant comparator companies over the relevant Performance Period 
(expressed as a percentage) shall be computed as follows:
 
 
[LOGO]

Where:
 
  	TSR0 = 	the average return index of the relevant companies as calculated 
by Datastream (or other such data provider as determined by the Board) 
(excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the three months preceding the 
beginning of the Performance Period; and
 
  	TSR3 = 	the average return index (calculated in the same manner as for 
TSR0) in the 3 months preceding the end of the Performance Period.
 
  	iii. 	Unless the Board determines otherwise, the Total Shareholder 
Return for the Company and each of the relevant comparator companies shall 
be calculated on a local currency basis.
 
  	iv. 	The Company and the companies in the Comparator Group shall be 
ranked by the resulting Total Shareholder Return figures, with the company 
with the highest figure having the highest ranking, and median and upper 
quartile performance shall be determined on such basis as the Board, acting 
reasonably, may specify from time to time.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Participants excluding Executive Directors)
 
5. 	Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio Target
 
  	a. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to the 
performance target in this paragraph 5 (the Operating Cash Flow Conversion 
Ratio Target) depends upon the Companys average Operating Cash Flow as a 
percentage of Adjusted Operating Profit over the Performance Period:
 
Average Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio over the
Performance Period
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to the Operating
Cash Flow Conversion Ratio Target
95% or above 	   	20%
Between 95% and 85% 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 4%
85% 	   	4%
Less than 85% of Adjusted Operating Profit 	   	0%
 
  	b. 	For the purpose of this Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio Target:
 
  	i. 	the Average Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio is the aggregate 
of the Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratios for each Financial Year in the 
Performance Period, divided by the number of Financial Years in the 
Performance Period; and
 
  	ii. 	the Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio for a Financial Year 
(expressed as a percentage) is calculated as follows:
 
[LOGO]

Where:

Operating Cash Flow in respect of a Financial Year is the adjusted profit 
from operations (excluding associates) plus depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment, plus other non-cash items, less the increase / (decrease) in 
working capital, less net capital expenditure, in each case for such 
Financial Year. All of these items are excluding costs and movements 
relating to restructuring and integration in the Financial Year; and

Adjusted Operating Profit in respect of a Financial Year is derived by 
excluding the adjusting items from the profit from operations for such 
Financial Year. Adjusting items include restructuring and integration 
costs, amortisation and impairment of trademarks and similar intangibles, a 
gain on deemed partial disposal of a trademark and a payment and release of 
a provision relating to non-tobacco litigation.

For the purpose of this Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio Target, 
Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Operating Profit are calculated at current 
rates of exchange, unless the Board determines otherwise.
 
6. 	Net Turnover Target
 
  	a. 	The performance target in this paragraph 6 (the NTO Target) 
operates by calculating the compound annual growth in the Net Turnover of 
the Company, measured at constant rates of exchange on an organic basis.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Participants excluding Executive Directors)
 
  	b. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to this 
NTO Target depends upon the compound annual growth in Net Turnover over the 
Performance Period as follows:
 
Compound annual growth of Net Turnover over the Performance
Period
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to this NTO
Target
5% pa or greater 	   	20%
Between 5% pa and 3% pa 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 4%
3% pa 	   	4%
Less than 3% pa 	   	0%

provided that, notwithstanding above, but subject to the Rules, no Award 
Shares shall vest pursuant to this NTO Target unless the three-year 
constant currency compound annual growth rate of underlying adjusted 
operating profit exceeds the compound annual growth rate of the threshold 
performance level for underlying adjusted operating profit, as defined 
annually in the International Executive Incentive Scheme (as approved by 
the Board).
 
  	c. 	For the purposes of this NTO Target, compound annual growth of Net 
Turnover (expressed as a percentage) is calculated as follows:
 
 
[LOGO]

Where:
 
  	NTO0 = 	Net Turnover in the Financial Year immediately preceding the 
Financial Year in which the Performance Period begins (being Year 0); and
 
  	NTO3 = 	Net Turnover in the final Financial Year of the Performance 
Period (being Year 3),

measured at constant rates of exchange, for which purpose the value of NTO
0 and NTO3 shall be taken as index values, with the value for NTO0 being 
the base index value (representing Net Turnover in Year 0), with the 
purpose of such index being to reflect changes over the Performance Period 
in Net Turnover of the Company as measured on a constant currency basis, 
and NTO3 being taken as the value of such index for Year 3, and where the 
values for NTO3 and/or NTO0 shall be adjusted in such manner as is 
determined by the Board to exclude any Net Turnover attributable to any 
business acquired or disposed of during the Performance Period or otherwise 
with the intention that the growth in Net Turnover is assessed by reference 
to organic growth.
 
7. 	Exchange rates

In this Schedule:

current rates of exchange means exchange rates applied for each year 
relevant to a given calculation based on the average exchange rate in that 
year; and

constant rates of exchange means exchange rates applied based on a 
re-translation, at prior year exchange rates, of the current year 
information, in order that the same exchange rates are applied for each 
year relevant to a given calculation.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Participants excluding Executive Directors)
 
8. 	Adjustment to vesting outcome
 
  	a. 	After the performance targets in paragraphs 3 to 6 have been 
assessed, the Board may make such adjustment to the percentage of Shares of 
the Award Shares that vest pursuant to one or more of such performance 
targets to ensure a fair result for both the Participants and shareholders.
 
  	b. 	An adjustment pursuant to this paragraph 8 may be either positive 
(but, for the avoidance of doubt, not so that the percentage of the Award 
Shares which vests pursuant to any one of the performance targets in 
paragraphs 3 to 6 exceeds the maximum percentage of the Award Shares which 
may vest pursuant to that performance target, as set out in paragraph 1) or 
negative (including reducing the percentage of Awards Shares which vest to 
nil). For the avoidance of doubt, where the Board makes any adjustment 
pursuant to this paragraph 8 the percentage of Award Shares to be 
transferred shall be the percentage as adjusted by the Board 
notwithstanding the outcome of the performance targets as set out in 
paragraphs 3 to 6.
 
  	c. 	For the avoidance of doubt, vesting outcomes are subject to any 
forfeiture or reduction of Awards pursuant to Rule 15 (Claw-back).
 
9. 	Adjustments to performance targets
 
  	a. 	In the event of:
 
  	i. 	a change to the accounting standards of the Company or similar 
event;
 
  	ii. 	any events which affect any of the companies comprised in the 
Comparator Group (such as a merger or de-listing);
 
  	iii. 	any variation of capital of the Company or a demerger, delisting, 
special dividend, rights issue or other event which may, in the opinion of 
the Board, affect the current or future value of the Companys shares; or
 
  	iv. 	any other similar event the Board considers relevant which may 
unduly affect the calculation of the performance targets set out in 
paragraphs 3 to 6,

the Board may make such adjustments to the terms of this Performance 
Condition as it determines appropriate to reflect such event with the 
intention of ensuring that this Performance Condition continues to assess 
the performance of the Company on a consistent basis over the Performance 
Period.
 
  	b. 	This Performance Condition may be amended in accordance with Rule 
5.4 of the Plan.

General
 
10. 	References in this Schedule 1A to a paragraph are to a paragraph of 
this Schedule 1A.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Executive Directors)


SCHEDULE 1B

PERFORMANCE CONDITION APPLICABLE TO AWARDS GRANTED IN 2016

FOR EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
 
1. 	Subject to the Rules, the extent to which the Shares in respect of 
which an Award is granted (the Award Shares) may vest shall be 
determined:
 
  	a. 	as to 40% of the Award Shares, by reference to the performance 
target based on Earnings per Share specified in paragraph 3 below is 
satisfied
 
  	b. 	as to 20% of the Award Shares, by reference to the performance 
target based on Total Shareholder Return specified in paragraph 4 below;
 
  	c. 	as to 20% of the Award Shares, by reference to the performance 
target based on the Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio specified in 
paragraph 5 below;
 
  	d. 	as to 20% of the Award Shares, by reference to the performance 
target based on Net Turnover specified in paragraph 6 below; and
 
2. 	The Performance Period for Awards granted in 2016 shall commence on 1 
January 2016 and end on 31 December 2018.
 
3. 	Earnings per Share
 
  	a. 	The performance target in this paragraph 3 (the EPS Target) shall 
consist of two equal, independent elements such that the number of Award 
Shares which vest pursuant to this EPS Target shall be the aggregate of the 
number of Award Shares which vest pursuant to each element.
 
  	b. 	Each element of the EPS Target operates by calculating the compound 
annual growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share for the Company, in 
the case of the first element measured at current rates of exchange, and in 
the case of the second element measured at constant rates of exchange.
 
  	  	EPS Target: current rates of exchange
 
  	c. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to this 
element of the EPS Target depends upon the compound annual growth in 
adjusted diluted earnings per share over the Performance Period, measured 
at current rates of exchange, as follows:
 
Compound annual growth rate in adjusted diluted EPS (measured
at current rates of exchange) over the Performance Period
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to this element
of the EPS Target
10% pa or greater 	   	20%
Between 10% pa and 5% pa 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 3%
5% pa 	   	3%
Less than 5% pa 	   	0%

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Executive Directors)
 
  	  	EPS Target: constant rates of exchange
 
  	d. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to this 
element of the EPS Target depends upon the compound annual growth in 
adjusted diluted earnings per share over the Performance Period, measured 
at constant rates of exchange, as follows:
 
Compound annual growth rate in adjusted diluted EPS (measured
at constant rates of exchange) over the Performance Period
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to this element
of the EPS Target
10% pa or greater 	   	20%
Between 10% pa and 5% pa 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 3%
5% pa 	   	3%
Less than 5% pa 	   	0%
 
  	e. 	For the purposes of paragraphs 3.c and 3.d above, compound annual 
growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share over the Performance Period 
(expressed as a percentage) is calculated as follows:
 
[LOGO]

Where:
 
  	E0 = 	adjusted diluted earnings per share of the Company in the 
Financial Year immediately preceding the Financial Year in which the 
Performance Period begins (being Year 0); and
 
  	E3 = 	adjusted diluted earnings per share of the Company in the final 
Financial Year of the Performance Period (being Year 3),

measured at:
 
  	i. 	current rates of exchange for the purposes of paragraph 3.c; and
 
  	ii. 	constant rates of exchange for the purposes of paragraph 3.d, for 
which purpose the value of E0 and E3 shall be taken as index values, with 
the value for E0 being the base index value (representing adjusted diluted 
earnings per share in Year 0), with the purpose of such index being to 
reflect changes over the Performance Period in adjusted diluted earnings 
per share of the Company as measured on a constant currency basis, and E3 
being taken as the value of such index for Year 3.
 
4. 	TSR Target
 
  	a. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to the 
performance target in this paragraph 4 (the TSR Target) depends upon the 
Companys Total Shareholder Return over the Performance Period relative to 
the Total Shareholder Return of the Comparator Group:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Executive Directors)
 
Ranked position of the Companys TSR against the relevant
comparator companies
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to this TSR
Target
Upper quartile or above 	   	20%
Between upper quartile and median 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 3%
Median 	   	3%
Below median 	   	0%
 
  	b. 	For the purpose of this TSR Target:
 
  	i. 	The Comparator Group shall comprise the following companies:
 
Anheuser-Busch InBev 	   	Imperial Tobacco Group 	   	PepsiCo Inc
Campbell Soup Company 	   	Japan Tobacco 	   	Pernod Ricard
Carlsberg A/S 	   	Johnson & Johnson 	   	Philip Morris International
Coca Cola 	   	Kellogg 	   	Procter & Gamble
Colgate-Palmolive 	   	Kimberley-Clark 	   	Reckitt Benckiser
Danone 	   	LVMH 	   	SABMiller
Diageo 	   	Mondelez International 	   	Unilever
Heineken 	   	Nestlé 	   	
 
  	ii. 	The Total Shareholder Return of the Company and each of the 
relevant comparator companies over the relevant Performance Period 
(expressed as a percentage) shall be computed as follows:
 
[LOGO]

Where:
 
  	TSR0 = 	the average return index of the relevant companies as calculated 
by Datastream (or other such data provider as determined by the Board) 
(excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the three months preceding the 
beginning of the Performance Period; and
 
  	TSR3 = 	the average return index (calculated in the same manner as for 
TSR0) in the 3 months preceding the end of the Performance Period.
 
  	iii. 	The Total Shareholder Return for the Company and each of the 
relevant comparator companies shall be calculated on a local currency 
basis.
 
  	iv. 	The Company and the companies in the Comparator Group shall be 
ranked by the resulting Total Shareholder Return figures, with the company 
with the highest figure having the highest ranking, and median and upper 
quartile performance shall be determined on such basis as the Board, acting 
reasonably, may specify from time to time.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Executive Directors)
 
5. 	Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio Target
 
  	a. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to the 
performance target in this paragraph 5 (the Operating Cash Flow Conversion 
Ratio Target) depends upon the Companys average Operating Cash Flow as a 
percentage of Adjusted Operating Profit over the Performance Period:
 
Average Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio over the
Performance Period
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to the Operating
Cash Flow Conversion Ratio Target
95% or above 	   	20%
Between 95% and 85% 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 3%
85% 	   	3%
Less than 85% of Adjusted Operating Profit 	   	0%
 
  	b. 	For the purpose of this Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio Target:
 
  	i. 	the Average Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio is the aggregate 
of the Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratios for each Financial Year in the 
Performance Period, divided by the number of Financial Years in the 
Performance Period; and
 
  	ii. 	the Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio for a Financial Year 
(expressed as a percentage) is calculated as follows:
 
[LOGO]

Where:

Operating Cash Flow in respect of a Financial Year is the adjusted profit 
from operations (excluding associates) plus depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment, plus other non-cash items, less the increase / (decrease) in 
working capital, less net capital expenditure, in each case for such 
Financial Year. All of these items are excluding costs and movements 
relating to restructuring and integration in the Financial Year; and

Adjusted Operating Profit in respect of a Financial Year is derived by 
excluding the adjusting items from the profit from operations for such 
Financial Year. Adjusting items include restructuring and integration 
costs, amortisation and impairment of trademarks and similar intangibles, a 
gain on deemed partial disposal of a trademark and a payment and release of 
a provision relating to non-tobacco litigation.

For the purpose of this Operating Cash Flow Conversion Ratio Target, 
Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Operating Profit are calculated at current 
rates of exchange.
 
6. 	Net Turnover Target
 
  	a. 	The performance target in this paragraph 6 (the NTO Target) 
operates by calculating the compound annual growth in the Net Turnover of 
the Company, measured at constant rates of exchange on an organic basis.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Executive Directors)
 
  	b. 	The percentage of the Award Shares which may vest pursuant to this 
NTO Target depends upon the compound annual growth in Net Turnover over the 
Performance Period as follows:
 
Compound annual growth of Net Turnover over the Performance
Period
   	
% of the Award Shares which vest pursuant to this NTO
Target
5% pa or greater 	   	20%
Between 5% pa and 3% pa 	   	Pro-rata between 20% and 3%
3% pa 	   	3%
Less than 3% pa 	   	0%

provided that, notwithstanding above, but subject to the Rules, no Award 
Shares shall vest pursuant to this NTO Target unless the three-year 
constant currency compound annual growth rate of underlying adjusted 
operating profit exceeds the compound annual growth rate of the threshold 
performance level for underlying adjusted operating profit, as defined 
annually in the International Executive Incentive Scheme (as approved by 
the Board).
 
  	c. 	For the purposes of this NTO Target, compound annual growth of Net 
Turnover (expressed as a percentage) is calculated as follows:
 
 
[LOGO]

Where:
 
  	NTO0 = 	Net Turnover in the Financial Year immediately preceding the 
Financial Year in which the Performance Period begins (being Year 0); and
 
  	NTO3 = 	Net Turnover in the final Financial Year of the Performance 
Period (being Year 3),

measured at constant rates of exchange, for which purpose the value of NTO
0 and NTO3 shall be taken as index values, with the value for NTO0 being 
the base index value (representing Net Turnover in Year 0), with the 
purpose of such index being to reflect changes over the Performance Period 
in Net Turnover of the Company as measured on a constant currency basis, 
with NTO3 being taken as the value of such index for Year 3, and where the 
values for NTO3 and/or NTO0 shall be adjusted in such manner as is 
determined by the Board to exclude any Net Turnover attributable to any 
business acquired or disposed of during the Performance Period or otherwise 
with the intention that the growth in Net Turnover is assessed by reference 
to organic growth.
 
7. 	Exchange rates

In this Schedule:

current rates of exchange means exchange rates applied for each year 
relevant to a given calculation based on the average exchange rate in that 
year; and

constant rates of exchange means exchange rates applied based on a 
re-translation, at prior year exchange rates, of the current year 
information, in order that the same exchange rates are applied for each 
year relevant to a given calculation.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performance Condition applicable to Awards granted in 2016
(Executive Directors)
 
8. 	Adjustment to vesting outcome
 
  	a. 	After the performance targets in paragraphs 3 to 6 have been 
assessed, the Board may make such adjustment to the percentage of Shares of 
the Award Shares that vest pursuant to one or more of such performance 
targets to ensure a fair result for both the Participants and shareholders.
 
  	b. 	An adjustment pursuant to this paragraph 8 may be either positive 
(but, for the avoidance of doubt, not so that the percentage of the Award 
Shares which vests pursuant to any one of the performance targets in 
paragraphs 3 to 6 exceeds the maximum percentage of the Award Shares which 
may vest pursuant to that performance target, as set out in paragraph 1) or 
negative (including reducing the percentage of Awards Shares which vest to 
nil). For the avoidance of doubt, where the Board makes any adjustment 
pursuant to this paragraph 8 the percentage of Award Shares to be 
transferred shall be the percentage as adjusted by the Board 
notwithstanding the outcome of the performance targets as set out in 
paragraphs 3 to 6.
 
  	c. 	For the avoidance of doubt, vesting outcomes are subject to any 
forfeiture or reduction of Awards pursuant to Rule 15 (Claw-back).
 
9. 	Adjustments to performance targets
 
  	a. 	In the event of:
 
  	i. 	a change to the accounting standards of the Company or similar 
event;
 
  	ii. 	any events which affect any of the companies comprised in the 
Comparator Group (such as a merger or de-listing);
 
  	iii. 	any variation of capital of the Company or a demerger, delisting, 
special dividend, rights issue or other event which may, in the opinion of 
the Board, affect the current or future value of the Companys shares; or
 
  	iv. 	any other similar event the Board considers relevant which may 
unduly affect the calculation of the performance targets set out in 
paragraphs 3 to 6,

the Board may make such adjustments to the terms of this Performance 
Condition as it determines appropriate to reflect such event with the 
intention of ensuring that this Performance Condition continues to assess 
the performance of the Company on a consistent basis over the Performance 
Period.
 
  	b. 	This Performance Condition may be amended in accordance with Rule 
5.4 of the Plan.

General
 
10. 	References in this Schedule 1B to a paragraph are to a paragraph of 
this Schedule 1B.