 EX-10.2 3 mrt-ex102_7.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTY OF PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE


FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF the sum of Ten and No/100 Dollars ($10.00) and 
other good and valuable consideration paid or delivered to the undersigned 
MEDEQUITIES REALTY TRUST, INC., a Maryland corporation (“REIT”), 
MEDEQUITIES OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“General 
Partner”), MEDEQUITIES REALTY TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (“TRS”) and the Additional Guarantors which are a party hereto or 
may hereafter become a party hereto, if any (hereinafter referred to 
individually as a “Subsidiary Guarantor” and collectively, as “Subsidiary 
Guarantors”; REIT, General Partner, TRS and the Subsidiary Guarantors are 
sometimes hereinafter referred to individually as a “Guarantor” and 
collectively as “Guarantors”), the receipt and sufficiency whereof are 
hereby acknowledged by Guarantors, and for the purpose of seeking to induce 
KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association (hereinafter 
referred to as “Lender”, which term shall also include each other Lender 
which may now be or hereafter become a party to the “Credit Agreement” (as 
hereinafter defined), any Lender acting as the Issuing Lender under the 
Credit Agreement and shall also include any such individual Lender acting 
as agent for all of the Lenders), to extend credit or otherwise provide 
financial accommodations to MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a 
Delaware limited partnership (“Borrower”) under the Credit Agreement, and 
seeking to induce the Lender Hedge Providers to provide final 
accommodations by entering into derivative contracts that may give rise to 
Hedge Obligations, which extension of credit and provision of financial 
accommodations will be to the direct interest, advantage and benefit of 
Guarantors, Guarantors do hereby, jointly and severally, absolutely, 
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee to Lender and the Lender Hedge 
Providers the complete payment and performance of the following 
liabilities, obligations and indebtedness of Borrower to Lender and Lender 
Hedge Providers (hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Obligations”) 
(capitalized terms that are used herein that are not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement):

(a)the full and prompt payment when due, whether by acceleration or 
otherwise, either before or after maturity thereof, of the Revolving Credit 
Notes made by Borrower to the order of the applicable Lenders in the 
maximum aggregate principal face amount of up to Three Hundred Million and 
No/100 Dollars ($300,000,000.00), of the Term Loan A Notes made by Borrower 
to the order of the applicable Lenders in the maximum aggregate principal 
face amount of up to One Hundred Twenty-Five Million and No/100 Dollars 
($125,000,000.00), and of the Swing Loan Note made by Borrower to the order 
of the Swing Loan Lender in the principal face amount of Twenty Million and 
No/100 Dollars ($20,000,000.00), together with interest as provided in the 
Revolving Credit Notes, the Term Loan A Notes and the Swing Loan Note; and

(b)the full and prompt payment and performance of any “Hedge Obligations” 
(as defined in the Credit Agreement); and

(c)the full and prompt payment and performance when due of any and all 
obligations of Borrower and any Guarantor to Lender under the Security 
Documents; and

(d)the full and prompt payment when due, whether by acceleration or 
otherwise, either before or after maturity thereof, of each other note as 
may be issued under that certain Second

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated of even date herewith (as 
replaced, supplemented, amended, modified, consolidated, restated, 
increased or extended, hereinafter referred to as the “Credit Agreement”) 
among Borrower, KeyBank, for itself and as agent, and the other lenders now 
or hereafter a party thereto, together with interest as provided in each 
such note, together with any replacements, supplements, renewals, 
modifications, consolidations, restatements, increases, and extensions 
thereof (the Revolving Credit Notes, the Term Loan A Notes, the Term Loan B 
Notes, the Swing Loan Note and each of the notes described in this 
subparagraph (d) are hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Note”); 
and

(e)the full and prompt payment and performance of any and all obligations 
of Borrower to Lender and Issuing Lender under the terms of the Credit 
Agreement; and

(f)the full and prompt payment and performance of any and all other 
obligations of Borrower to Lender under any other agreements, documents or 
instruments now or hereafter evidencing, securing or otherwise relating to 
the indebtedness evidenced by the Note or the Credit Agreement (the Note, 
the Credit Agreement, the Security Documents and said other agreements, 
documents and instruments are hereinafter collectively referred to as the 
“Loan Documents” and individually referred to as a “Loan Document”).  

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, under no 
circumstances shall any of the “Obligations” guaranteed hereby include any 
obligation that constitutes an Excluded Hedge Obligation of such Guarantor.

1.Agreement to Pay and Perform; Costs of Collection.  Guarantors do hereby 
agree that following and during the continuance of an Event of Default 
under the Loan Documents if the Note is not paid by Borrower in accordance 
with its terms, or if any and all sums which are now or may hereafter 
become due from Borrower to Lender under the Loan Documents are not paid by 
Borrower in accordance with their terms, or if any and all other 
obligations of Borrower to Lender under the Note or of Borrower or any 
Guarantor under the other Loan Documents are not performed by such Borrower 
or Guarantor, as applicable, in accordance with their terms, Guarantors 
will immediately upon demand make such payments and perform such 
obligations.  Guarantors further agree to pay Lender on demand all 
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including court costs and 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements) paid or incurred by Lender in 
endeavoring to collect the Obligations guaranteed hereby, to enforce any of 
the Obligations of Borrower guaranteed hereby, or any portion thereof, or 
to enforce this Guaranty, and until paid to Lender, such sums shall bear 
interest at the Default Rate set forth in Section 4.11 of the Credit 
Agreement unless collection from Guarantors of interest at such rate would 
be contrary to applicable law, in which event such sums shall bear interest 
at the highest rate which may be collected from Guarantors under applicable 
law.

2.Reinstatement of Refunded Payments.  If, for any reason, any payment to 
Lender of any of the Obligations guaranteed hereunder is required to be 
refunded, rescinded or returned by Lender to Borrower, or paid or turned 
over to any other Person, including, without limitation, by reason of the 
operation of bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or insolvency laws or 
similar laws of general application relating to creditors’ rights and 
remedies now or hereafter enacted, Guarantors agree to pay to the Lender on 
demand an amount equal to the amount so required to be refunded, paid or 
turned over (the “Turnover Payment”), the obligations of Guarantors shall 
not

2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
be treated as having been discharged by the original payment to Lender 
giving rise to the Turnover Payment, and this Guaranty shall be treated as 
having remained in full force and effect for any such Turnover Payment so 
made by Lender, as well as for any amounts not theretofore paid to Lender 
on account of such obligations.

3.Rights of Lender to Deal with Collateral, Borrower and Other Persons.  
Each Guarantor hereby consents and agrees that Lender may at any time, and 
from time to time, without thereby releasing any Guarantor from any 
liability hereunder and without notice to or further consent from any 
Guarantor or any other Person or entity, either with or without 
consideration:  release or surrender any lien or other security of any kind 
or nature whatsoever held by it or by any Person, firm or corporation on 
its behalf or for its account, securing any indebtedness or liability 
hereby guaranteed; substitute for any collateral so held by it, other 
collateral of like kind, or of any kind; modify the terms of the Note or 
the other Loan Documents; extend or renew the Note for any period; grant 
releases, compromises and indulgences with respect to the Note or the other 
Loan Documents and to any Persons or entities now or hereafter liable 
thereunder or hereunder; release any other guarantor (including any 
Guarantor), surety,  endorser, obligor or accommodation party of the Note 
or any other Loan Documents; or take or fail to take any action of any type 
whatsoever.  No such action which Lender shall take or fail to take in 
connection with the Note or the other Loan Documents, or any of them, or 
any security for the payment of the indebtedness of Borrower to Lender or 
for the performance of any obligations or undertakings of Borrower, any 
Guarantor or any other Person, nor any course of dealing with Borrower or 
any other Person, shall release any Guarantor’s obligations hereunder, 
affect this Guaranty in any way or afford any Guarantor any recourse 
against Lender.  The provisions of this Guaranty shall extend and be 
applicable to all replacements, supplements, renewals, amendments, 
increases, extensions, consolidations, restatements and modifications of 
the Note and the other Loan Documents, and any and all references herein to 
the Note and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to include any such 
replacements, supplements, renewals, extensions, amendments, increases, 
consolidations, restatements or modifications thereof.  Without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing, Guarantors acknowledge the terms of 
Sections 2.11 of the Credit Agreement pursuant to which the Total 
Commitment under the Credit Agreement may be increased to up to 
$700,000,000.00 and of 18.3 of the Credit Agreement, and agree that this 
Guaranty shall extend and be applicable to each new or replacement note 
delivered by Borrower pursuant thereto without notice to or further consent 
from Guarantors, or any of them.

4.No Contest with Lender; Subordination.  So long as any of the Obligations 
hereby guaranteed remain unpaid or undischarged or any Lender has any 
obligation to make Loans or issue Letters of Credit, Guarantors will not, 
by paying any sum recoverable hereunder (whether or not demanded by Lender) 
or by any means or on any other ground, claim any set-off or counterclaim 
against Borrower in respect of any liability of any Guarantor to Borrower 
or, in proceedings under federal bankruptcy law or insolvency proceedings 
of any nature, prove in competition with Lender in respect of any payment 
hereunder or be entitled to have the benefit of any counterclaim or proof 
of claim or dividend or payment by or on behalf of Borrower or the benefit 
of any other security for any of the Obligations hereby guaranteed which, 
now or hereafter, Lender may hold or in which it may have any share.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Guaranty to the contrary, each 
Guarantor hereby waives and releases any claim or other rights which such 
Guarantor may now have or hereafter acquire against Borrower or any other 
Guarantor or other Person of all or any of the obligations of Guarantors 
hereunder that arise from the existence

3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
or performance of such Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty or any 
of the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, any right of 
subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification, 
any right to participate in any claim or remedy of Lender against Borrower 
or any other Guarantor or other Person or any Collateral which Lender now 
has or hereafter acquires, whether or not such claim, remedy or right 
arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, by any payment 
made hereunder or otherwise, including, without limitation, the right to 
take or receive from Borrower or any other Guarantor or other Person, 
directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by setoff or in any 
other manner, payment or security on account of such claim or other rights, 
except for those rights of each Guarantor under the Contribution Agreement; 
provided, however, each Guarantor agrees not to pursue or enforce any of 
its rights under the Contribution Agreement and each Guarantor agrees not 
to make or receive any payment on account of the Contribution Agreement so 
long as any of the Obligations remain unpaid or undischarged or any Lender 
has any obligation to make Loans or issue Letters of Credit.  In the event 
any Guarantor shall receive any payment under or on account of the 
Contribution Agreement, it shall hold such payment as trustee for Lender 
and be paid over to Lender on account of the indebtedness of Borrower to 
Lender but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of 
Guarantors under the other provisions of this Guaranty except to the extent 
the principal amount or other portion of such indebtedness shall have been 
reduced by such payment.  In connection with the foregoing, Guarantors 
expressly waive any and all rights of subrogation to Lender against 
Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other Person, and Guarantors hereby 
waive any rights to enforce any remedy which Lender may have against 
Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other Person and any rights to 
participate in any collateral for Borrower’s obligations under the Loan 
Documents.  Guarantors hereby subordinate any and all indebtedness of 
Borrower now or hereafter owed to any Guarantor to all indebtedness of 
Borrower or any other Guarantor to Lender, and agree with Lender that (a) 
Guarantors shall not demand or accept any payment from Borrower or any 
other Guarantor on account of such indebtedness, (b) Guarantors shall not 
claim any offset or other reduction of Guarantors’ obligations hereunder 
because of any such indebtedness, and (c) Guarantors shall not take any 
action to obtain any interest in any of the security described in and 
encumbered by the Loan Documents because of any such indebtedness; 
provided, however, that, if Lender so requests, such indebtedness shall be 
collected, enforced and received by Guarantors as trustee for Lender and be 
paid over to Lender on account of the indebtedness of Borrower to Lender, 
but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of Guarantors 
under the other provisions of this Guaranty except to the extent the 
principal amount or other portion of such outstanding indebtedness shall 
have been reduced by such payment.

5.Waiver of Defenses.  Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations 
hereunder shall not be affected or impaired by, and hereby waive and agree 
not to assert or take advantage of any defense based on:

(a)(i) any change in the amount, interest rate or due date or other term of 
any of the obligations hereby guaranteed, (ii) any change in the time, 
place or manner of payment of all or any portion of the obligations hereby 
guaranteed, (iii) any amendment or waiver of, or consent to the departure 
from or other indulgence with respect to, the Credit Agreement, any other 
Loan Document, or any other document or instrument evidencing or relating 
to any obligations hereby guaranteed, or (iv) any waiver, renewal, 
extension, addition, or supplement to, or deletion from, or any other 
action or inaction under or in respect of, the Credit Agreement, any of the 
other Loan Documents, or any other documents, instruments or agreements 
relating to the obligations hereby

4
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
guaranteed or any other instrument or agreement referred to therein or ev
idencing any obligations hereby guaranteed or any assignment or transfer of 
any of the foregoing;

(b)any subordination of the payment of the obligations hereby guaranteed to 
the payment of any other liability of Borrower or any other Person;

(c)any act or failure to act by Borrower or any other Person which may 
adversely affect any Guarantor’s subrogation rights, if any, against 
Borrower or any other Person to recover payments made under this Guaranty;

(d)any nonperfection or impairment of any security interest or other Lien 
on any collateral, if any, securing in any way any of the obligations 
hereby guaranteed;

(e)any application of sums paid by Borrower or any other Person with 
respect to the liabilities of Lender, regardless of what liabilities of the 
Borrower remain unpaid;

(f)any defense of Borrower, including without limitation, the invalidity, 
illegality or unenforceability of any of the Obligations;

(g)either with or without notice to Guarantors, any renewal, extension, 
modification, amendment or other changes in the Obligations, including but 
not limited to any material alteration of the terms of payment or 
performance of the Obligations;

(h)any statute of limitations in any action hereunder or for the collection 
of the Note or for the payment or performance of any obligation hereby 
guaranteed;

(i)the incapacity, lack of authority, death or disability of Borrower or 
any other Person or entity, or the failure of Lender to file or enforce a 
claim against the estate (either in administration, bankruptcy or in any 
other proceeding) of Borrower or any Guarantor or any other Person or 
entity;

(j)the dissolution or termination of existence of Borrower, any Guarantor 
or any other Person or entity;

(k)the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, sale or other disposition of 
all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower or any Guarantor or any 
other Person or entity;

(l)the voluntary or involuntary receivership, insolvency, bankruptcy, 
assignment for the benefit of creditors, reorganization, assignment, 
composition, or readjustment of, or any similar proceeding affecting, 
Borrower or any Guarantor or any other Person or entity, or any of 
Borrower’s or any Guarantor’s or any other Person’s or entity’s properties 
or assets;

(m)the damage, destruction, condemnation, foreclosure or surrender of all 
or any part of the Collateral, the Borrowing Base Properties or any of the 
improvements located thereon;

(n)the failure of Lender to give notice of the existence, creation or 
incurring of any new or additional indebtedness or obligation of Borrower 
or of any action or nonaction on the part of any other Person whomsoever in 
connection with any obligation hereby guaranteed;

5
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(o)any failure or delay of Lender to commence an action against Borrower or 
any other Person, to assert or enforce any remedies against Borrower under 
the Note or the other Loan Documents, or to realize upon any security;

(p)any failure of any duty on the part of Lender to disclose to any 
Guarantor any facts it may now or hereafter know regarding Borrower 
(including, without limitation Borrower’s financial condition), any other 
Person, the Collateral, or any other assets or liabilities of such Persons, 
whether such facts materially increase the risk to Guarantors or not (it 
being agreed that Guarantors assume responsibility for being informed with 
respect to such information);

(q)failure to accept or give notice of acceptance of this Guaranty by 
Lender;

(r)failure to make or give notice of presentment and demand for payment of 
any of the indebtedness or performance of any of the obligations hereby 
guaranteed;

(s)failure to make or give protest and notice of dishonor or of default to 
Guarantors or to any other party with respect to the indebtedness or 
performance of obligations hereby guaranteed;

(t)any and all other notices whatsoever to which Guarantors might otherwise 
be entitled;

(u)any lack of diligence by Lender in collection, protection or realization 
upon any collateral securing the payment of the indebtedness or performance 
of obligations hereby guaranteed;

(v)the invalidity or unenforceability of the Note, or any of the other Loan 
Documents, or any assignment or transfer of the foregoing;

(w)the compromise, settlement, release or termination of any or all of the 
obligations of Borrower under the Note or the other Loan Documents or the 
Hedge Obligations;

(x)any transfer by Borrower or any other Person of all or any part of the 
security encumbered by the Loan Documents;

(y)the failure of Lender to perfect any security or to extend or renew the 
perfection of any security; or

(z)to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other legal, equitable or 
surety defenses whatsoever to which Guarantors might otherwise be entitled, 
it being the intention that the obligations of Guarantors hereunder are 
absolute, unconditional and irrevocable.

Each Guarantor understands that the exercise by Lender of certain rights 
and remedies may affect or eliminate such Guarantor’s right of subrogation 
against the Borrower, the other Guarantors or other Persons and that such 
Guarantor may therefore incur partially or totally nonreimbursable 
liability hereunder.  Nevertheless, Guarantors hereby authorize and empower 
Lender, its successors, endorsees and assigns, to exercise in its or their 
sole discretion, any rights and remedies, or any combination thereof, which 
may then be available, it being the purpose and

6
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
intent of Guarantors that the obligations hereunder shall be absolute, 
continuing, independent and unconditional under any and all circumstances.  


6.Guaranty of Payment and Performance and Not of Collection.  This is a 
guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection.  The liability 
of Guarantors under this Guaranty shall be primary, direct and immediate 
and not conditional or contingent upon the pursuit of any remedies against 
Borrower or any other Person, nor against securities or liens available to 
Lender, its successors, successors in title, endorsees or assigns.  
Guarantors hereby waive any right to require that an action be brought 
against Borrower or any other Person or to require that resort be had to 
any security or to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the 
books of Lender in favor of Borrower or any other Person.

7.Rights and Remedies of Lender.  In the event of an Event of Default under 
the Note or the other Loan Documents, or any of them, that is continuing 
(it being understood that the Lender has no obligation to accept cure after 
an Event of Default occurs), Lender shall have the right to enforce its 
rights, powers and remedies thereunder or hereunder or under any other Loan 
Document, in any order, and all rights, powers and remedies available to 
Lender in such event shall be nonexclusive and cumulative of all other 
rights, powers and remedies provided thereunder or hereunder or by law or 
in equity.  Accordingly, Guarantors hereby authorize and empower Lender 
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default 
under the Note or the other Loan Documents, at its sole discretion, and 
without notice to Guarantors, to exercise any right or remedy which Lender 
may have, including, but not limited to, judicial foreclosure, exercise of 
rights of power of sale, acceptance of a deed or assignment in lieu of 
foreclosure, appointment of a receiver to collect rents and profits, 
exercise of remedies against personal property, or enforcement of any 
assignment of leases, as to any security, whether real, personal or 
intangible.  At any public or private sale of any security or collateral 
for any of the Obligations guaranteed hereby, whether by foreclosure or 
otherwise, Lender may, in its discretion, purchase all or any part of such 
security or collateral so sold or offered for sale for its own account and 
may apply against the amount bid therefor all or any part of the balance 
due it pursuant to the terms of the Note or any other Loan Document without 
prejudice to Lender’s remedies hereunder against Guarantors for 
deficiencies.  If the Obligations guaranteed hereby are partially paid by 
reason of the election of Lender to pursue any of the remedies available to 
Lender, or if such Obligations are otherwise partially paid, this Guaranty 
shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect, and Guarantors shall 
remain liable for the entire balance of the Obligations guaranteed hereby 
even though any rights which any Guarantor may have against Borrower or any 
other Person may be destroyed or diminished by the exercise of any such 
remedy.

8.Application of Payments.  Guarantors hereby authorize Lender, without 
notice to Guarantors, to apply all payments and credits received from 
Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Person or realized from any security 
in such manner and in such priority as Lender in its sole judgment shall 
see fit to the Obligations.

9.Business Failure, Bankruptcy or Insolvency.  In the event of the business 
failure of any Guarantor or if there shall be pending any bankruptcy or 
insolvency case or proceeding with respect to any Guarantor under federal 
bankruptcy law or any other applicable law or in connection with the 
insolvency of any Guarantor, or if a liquidator, receiver, or trustee shall 
have been appointed for any Guarantor or any Guarantor’s properties or 
assets, Lender may file such proofs

7
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in 
order to have the claims of Lender allowed in any proceedings relative to 
such Guarantor, or any of such Guarantor’s properties or assets, and, 
irrespective of whether the indebtedness or other obligations of Borrower 
guaranteed hereby shall then be due and payable, by declaration or 
otherwise, Lender shall be entitled and empowered to file and prove a claim 
for the whole amount of any sums or sums owing with respect to the 
indebtedness or other obligations of Borrower guaranteed hereby, and to 
collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on 
any such claim.  Guarantors covenant and agree that upon the commencement 
of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding by or against Borrower, 
Guarantors shall not seek a supplemental stay or otherwise pursuant to 11 
U.S.C. §105 or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code, as amended, or 
any other debtor relief law (whether statutory, common law, case law, or 
otherwise) of any jurisdiction whatsoever, now or hereafter in effect, 
which may be or become applicable, to stay, interdict, condition, reduce or 
inhibit the ability of Lender to enforce any rights of Lender against 
Guarantors by virtue of this Guaranty or otherwise.

10.Covenants of Guarantors.  Guarantors hereby covenant and agree with 
Lender that until all indebtedness guaranteed hereby has been completely 
repaid and all obligations and undertakings of Borrower under, by reason 
of, or pursuant to the Note and the other Loan Documents have been 
completely performed and Lender has no further obligation to make Loans or 
issue Letters of Credit, Guarantors will comply with any and all covenants 
applicable to Guarantors set forth in the Credit Agreement.

11.Rights of Set-off.  In addition to any rights of Lender under applicable 
law, during the continuance of any Event of Default under the Note or the 
other Loan Documents, Lender may at any time and without notice to 
Guarantors, but subject to the prior written approval of Agent, set-off and 
apply the whole or any portion or portions of any or all deposits (general 
or specific, time or demand, provisional or final, regardless of currency, 
maturity, or branch of Lender where the deposits are held) now or hereafter 
held by Lender or other sums credited by or due from any Lender to any 
Guarantor and any securities or other property of the Guarantors in the 
possession of such Lender against amounts payable under this Guaranty, 
whether or not any other person or persons could also withdraw money 
therefrom.

12.Changes in Writing; No Revocation.  This Guaranty may not be changed 
orally, and no obligation of any Guarantor can be released or waived by 
Lender except as provided in Sections 5.6 or 27 of the Credit Agreement.  
This Guaranty shall be irrevocable by Guarantors until all indebtedness 
guaranteed hereby has been completely repaid and all obligations and 
undertakings of Borrower under, by reason of, or pursuant to the Note, the 
Letters of Credit and the Loan Documents have been completely performed and 
the Lenders have no further obligation to advance Loans or issue Letters of 
Credit under the Credit Agreement.

13.Notices.  Each notice, demand, election or request provided for or 
permitted to be given pursuant to this Guaranty (hereinafter in this 
Section 13 referred to as “Notice”), but specifically excluding to the 
maximum extent permitted by law any notices of the institution or 
commencement of foreclosure proceedings, must be in writing and shall be 
deemed to have been properly given or served by personal delivery or by 
sending same by overnight courier or by depositing same in the United 
States Mail, postpaid and registered or certified, return receipt

8
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
requested, or as expressly permitted herein, by telegraph, telecopy, 
telefax or telex, and addressed as follows:

If to the Agent or KeyBank:

KeyBank National Association
4910 Tiedeman Road, 3rd Floor
Brooklyn, Ohio  44144
Attn:  Amy MacLearie
Telecopy No.:  (216) 357-6383

With a copy to:

KeyBank National Association
4211 West Boy Scout Boulevard
Suite 570
Tampa, Florida  33607
Attn:  Grant Saunders
Telecopy No.:  (813) 313-5555

and

KeyBank National Association
1200 Abernathy Road, N.E., Suite 1550
Atlanta, Georgia  30328
Attn:  Daniel Stegemoeller
Telecopy No.:  (770) 510-2195

and

Dentons US LLP
Suite 5300
303 Peachtree Street, N.E.
Atlanta, Georgia  30308
Attn:  William F.  Timmons, Esq.
Telecopy No.:  (404) 527-4198

9
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
If to the Guarantors:

c/o MedEquities Realty Operating Partnership, LP
3100 West End Avenue
Suite 1000
Nashville, Tennessee  37203
Attn:  Jeffery C. Walraven
Telecopy No.: (615) 627-4712

With a copy to:

Morrison & Foerster LLP
707 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 6000
Los Angeles, CA  90017
Attn:  Marc D. Young, Esq.
Telecopy No.:  (213) 892-5454

Each Notice shall be effective upon being personally delivered or upon 
being sent by overnight courier or upon being deposited in the United 
States Mail as aforesaid, or if transmitted by telegraph, telecopy, telefax 
or telex is permitted, upon being sent and confirmation of receipt.  The 
time period in which a response to such Notice must be given or any action 
taken with respect thereto (if any), however, shall commence to run from 
the date of receipt if personally delivered or sent by overnight courier, 
or if so deposited in the United States Mail, the earlier of three (3) 
Business Days following such deposit or the date of receipt as disclosed on 
the return receipt.  Rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability 
to deliver because of changed address for which no notice was given shall 
be deemed to be receipt of the Notice sent.  By giving at least fifteen 
(15) days’ prior Notice thereof, Borrower, Guarantors or Lenders shall have 
the right from time to time and at any time during the term of this 
Agreement to change their respective addresses and each shall have the 
right to specify as its address any other address within the United States 
of America

14.Governing Law.  GUARANTORS ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE, PURSUANT TO NEW YORK 
GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTION 5-1401, THAT THIS GUARANTY AND THE 
OBLIGATIONS OF GUARANTORS HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED 
AND DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

15.CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS.  EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY (A) SUBMITS TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK OVER ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
GUARANTY, AND (B) WAIVES ANY AND ALL PERSONAL RIGHTS UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY 
STATE (I) TO THE RIGHT, IF ANY, TO TRIAL BY JURY(LENDER HAVING ALSO WAIVED 
SUCH RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY), (II) TO OBJECT TO JURISDICTION WITHIN THE 
STATE OF NEW YORK OR VENUE IN ANY PARTICULAR FORUM WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK, AND (III) TO THE RIGHT, IF ANY, TO CLAIM OR RECOVER ANY SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES OTHER

10
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
THAN OR IN ADDITION TO ACTUAL DAMAGES.  EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE TO 
THE RIGHT, IF ANY, TO TRIAL BY JURY.  EACH GUARANTOR AGREES THAT, IN 
ADDITION TO ANY METHODS OF SERVICE OF PROCESS PROVIDED FOR UNDER APPLICABLE 
LAW, ALL SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE 
MADE BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, DIRECTED TO 
SUCH GUARANTOR AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH 13 ABOVE, AND SERVICE 
SO MADE SHALL BE COMPLETE FIVE (5) DAYS AFTER THE SAME SHALL BE SO MAILED.  
NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN, HOWEVER, SHALL PREVENT LENDER FROM BRINGING ANY 
SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING OR EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS AGAINST ANY SECURITY 
AND AGAINST ANY GUARANTOR PERSONALLY, AND AGAINST ANY PROPERTY OF ANY 
GUARANTOR, WITHIN ANY OTHER STATE.  INITIATING SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING OR TAKING SUCH ACTION IN ANY STATE SHALL IN NO EVENT CONSTITUTE 
A WAIVER OF THE AGREEMENT CONTAINED HEREIN THAT THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF GUARANTORS AND LENDER 
HEREUNDER OR OF THE SUBMISSION HEREIN MADE BY GUARANTORS TO PERSONAL 
JURISDICTION WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY 
OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT 
OR ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH SUIT IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT COURT.  
EACH GUARANTOR CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY 
LENDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH LENDER WOULD NOT, 
IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LENDER HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS GUARANTY AND 
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS TO WHICH THEY ARE PARTIES BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, 
THE WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH 15.  EACH 
GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THEY HAVE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW THIS 
PARAGRAPH 15 WITH THEIR LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT SUCH GUARANTOR AGREES TO THE 
FOREGOING AS THEIR FREE, KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY ACT.

16.Successors and Assigns.  The provisions of this Guaranty shall be 
binding upon Guarantors and their respective heirs, successors, successors 
in title, legal representatives, and assigns, and shall inure to the 
benefit of Lender, its successors, successors in title, legal 
representatives and assigns, and the holders of the Hedge Obligations.  No 
Guarantor shall assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under 
this Guaranty without the prior written consent of Lender.

17.Assignment by Lender.  This Guaranty is assignable by Lender in whole or 
in part in conjunction with any assignment of the Note or portions thereof, 
and any assignment hereof or any transfer or assignment of the Note or 
portions thereof by Lender shall operate to vest in any such assignee the 
rights and powers, in whole or in part, as appropriate, herein conferred 
upon and granted to Lender.

11
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
18.Severability. If any term or provision of this Guaranty shall be 
determined to be illegal or unenforceable, all other terms and provisions 
hereof shall nevertheless remain effective and shall be enforced to the 
fullest extent permitted by law.

19.Disclosure.  Guarantors agree that in addition to disclosures made in 
accordance with standard banking practices, any Lender may disclose 
information obtained by such Lender pursuant to this Guaranty subject to 
the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement.

20.No Unwritten Agreements.  THIS GUARANTY REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT 
BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, 
CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO 
UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.

21.Time of the Essence.  Time is of the essence with respect to each and 
every covenant, agreement and obligation of Guarantors under this Guaranty.

22.Ratification.  Guarantors do hereby restate, reaffirm and ratify each 
and every warranty and representation regarding Guarantors or their 
Subsidiaries set forth in the Credit Agreement as if the same were more 
fully set forth herein.

23.Joint and Several Liability.  Each of the Guarantors covenants and 
agrees that each and every covenant and obligation of Guarantors hereunder 
shall be the joint and several obligations of each of the Guarantors.

24.Fair Consideration.  The Guarantors represent that the Guarantors are 
engaged in common business enterprises related to those of the Borrower and 
each Guarantor will derive substantial direct or indirect economic benefit 
from the effectiveness and existence of the Credit Agreement.

25.Counterparts.  This Guaranty and any amendment hereof may be executed in 
several counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of 
which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, and all of which 
together shall constitute one instrument.  In proving this Guaranty it 
shall not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such 
counterpart signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought.

26.Condition of Borrower.  Without reliance on any information supplied by 
the Lender, each Guarantor has independently taken, and will continue to 
take, whatever steps it deems necessary to evaluate the financial condition 
and affairs of the Borrower or any collateral, and the Lender shall not 
have any duty to advise any Guarantor of information at any time known to 
the Lender regarding such financial condition or affairs or any collateral.


27.Amendment and Restatement.  This Second Amended and Restated 
Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and Performance is given pursuant to the 
Credit Agreement and is an amendment and restatement of that certain First 
Amended and Restated Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and Performance 
dated July 30, 2015 from certain of the Guarantors in favor of Agent




12
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
and the Lenders, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit 
Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated as of May 17, 2016.




 

13
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.2
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Guarantors have executed this Guaranty under seal as of 
this 10th day of February, 2017.

 
GUARANTORS:

 
 
MEDEQUITIES REALTY TRUST, INC., a Maryland corporation

By: /s/ Jeffery C. Walraven
Name: Jeffery C. Walraven
Title: EVP, CFO, Secretary & Treasurer
 
(SEAL)
 
 
 
MEDEQUITIES OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Jeffery C. Walraven
Name: Jeffery C. Walraven
Title: EVP, CFO, Secretary & Treasurer
 
(SEAL)
 
 
 
MEDEQUITIES REALTY TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Jeffery C. Walraven
Name: Jeffery C. Walraven
Title: EVP, CFO, Secretary & Treasurer
 
(SEAL)
 
 
 
SIGNATURES CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE
 
 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Unconditional Guaranty of 
Payment and Performance – KeyBank/MedEquities 2017
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.2
 
MRT OF KENTFIELD CA – LTACH, LLC,
MRT OF LAS VEGAS NV – LTACH, LLC,
MRT OF SPARTANBURG SC - SNF, LLC,
MRT OF BROWNSVILLE TX - MOB, LLC,
MRT OF AMARILLO TX – 1ST MORTGAGE IRF, LLC,
MRT OF SPRINGFIELD MA – 1ST MORTGAGE ACH, LLC,
MRT OF LAKEWAY TX – ACH, LLC,
MRT OF FORT WORTH TX – SNF, LLC,
MRT OF LAS VEGAS NV – ACH, LLC,
MRT OF LA MESA CA – SNF, LLC,
MRT OF UPLAND CA – SNF/ALF, LLC,
MRT OF NATIONAL CITY CA – SNF I, LLC,
MRT OF NATIONAL CITY CA – SNF II, LLC,
MRT OF BROWNWOOD TX - SNF, LLC,
MRT OF EL PASO TX - SNF, LLC,
MRT OF GRAHAM TX - SNF, LLC,
MRT OF KAUFMAN TX - SNF, LLC,
MRT OF KEMP TX - SNF, LLC,
MRT OF KERENS TX - SNF, LLC,
MRT OF LONGVIEW TX - SNF, LLC,
MRT OF MT. PLEASANT TX - SNF, LLC,
MRT OF SAN ANTONIO TX - SNF II, LLC,
MRT OF SAN ANTONIO TX - SNF I, LLC, and
MRT OF SAN DIEGO CA – SNF, LLC,
each a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
By: /s/ Jeffery C. Walraven
Name: Jeffery C. Walraven
Title: EVP, CFO, Secretary & Treasurer
 
(SEAL)
 

SIGNATURES CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE
 

 

 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Unconditional Guaranty of 
Payment and Performance – KeyBank/MedEquities 2017
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.2
Lender joins in the execution of this Guaranty for the sole and limited 
purpose of evidencing its agreement to waiver of the right to trial by jury 
contained in Paragraph 15 hereof and Section 25 of the Credit Agreement.

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Agent for the Lenders

By: /s/ Grant Saunders
Name: Grant Saunders
Title: Senior Vice President

 
 
 
 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Unconditional Guaranty of 
Payment and Performance – KeyBank/MedEquities 2017
 