 EX-10.2 3 aghi-ex102_533.htm EX-10.2 - AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION 
RIGHTS AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.2
EXECUTION VERSION
AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of March 
31, 2017, and effective as of, and conditioned on, the consummation of the 
Exchange Offers, is entered into by and among Affinion Group Holdings, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”) and the holders party to the 
Old Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below) and the holders listed 
on Schedule I hereto (each a “Holder” and, collectively, the “Holders”).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders party thereto entered into that 
certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2015 (the “
Old Registration Rights Agreement”).

WHEREAS, the Company and the undersigned Holders desire to amend and 
restate the terms of the Old Registration Rights Agreement in connection 
with the issuance of new warrants (“New Warrants”) to purchase shares of 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (“Common Stock”) in 
the Exchange Offers and Investor Purchase Agreement upon the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation 
Statement dated on or about April 3, 2017, as amended or supplemented on 
the date hereof (the “Offering Memorandum”) and the Investor Purchase 
Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, as a condition to the New Warrant Holders (as defined herein) 
subscribing for New Warrants, the Company has agreed, with the requisite 
consent of the existing Holders, to grant to the New Warrant Holders and 
their respective permitted assignees and transferees certain specific 
rights and privileges as set forth in Article II hereof in addition to the 
changes to the Old Registration Rights Agreement that will affect the 
rights of all Holders.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements 
herein contained, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:

ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1.Definitions. In addition to the definitions set forth above, 
the following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings:

“Affiliate” of any particular Person means any other Person directly or 
indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such 
Person.

“Agreement” means this Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, 
as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.

“Business Day” means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or other day on 
which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized by law to 
close.

“By-Laws” means the Fourth Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, 
dated as of November 9, 2015, as the same may be amended, modified or 
restated from time to time.

111027306
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Certificate of Incorporation” means the Fourth Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of November 9, 2015, 
as the same may be amended, modified or restated from time to time.

“Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

“Common Stock Equivalents” means securities (including, without limitation, 
the New Warrants) exercisable, exchangeable or convertible into Common 
Stock.

“Demand Registration” means a Demand Registration as defined in Section 2.2
.

“End of Suspension Notice” means an End of Suspension Notice as defined in 
Section 2.5.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

“Exchange Offers” has the meaning set forth in the Offering Memorandum.

“FINRA” means Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

“Holder” means any Holder who is the record owner of any Registrable 
Security or any assignee or transferee of such Registrable Security 
(including assignments or transfers of Registrable Securities to such 
assignees or transferees as a result of the foreclosure on any loans 
secured by such Registrable Securities) to the extent (a) permitted under 
the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws and Shareholders 
Agreement and (b) such assignee or transferee agrees in writing to be bound 
by all the provisions hereof, unless such Registrable Security is acquired 
in a public distribution pursuant to a registration statement under the 
Securities Act or pursuant to transactions exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and in either case where securities sold in such 
transaction may be resold without subsequent registration under the 
Securities Act.

“Indemnified Party” means an Indemnified Party as defined in Section 2.10.

“Indemnifying Party” means an Indemnifying Party as defined in Section 2.10
.

“Inspector” means an Inspector as defined in Section 2.6.

“Investor Purchase Agreement” means that certain investment purchase 
agreement, dated March 31, 2017, by and among the Company and certain 
investors party thereto.

“IPO” means a bona fide, marketed underwritten initial public offering 
after which closing such capital is quoted on the NASDAQ National Market or 
listed or quoted on the New York Stock Exchange or other national 
securities exchange acceptable to the board of directors of the Company.

“New Warrant Holders” means Elliott Management Corp., Franklin Mutual 
Advisers, LLC and their respective Affiliates.

“Notice and Questionnaire” means a written notice, substantially in the 
form attached as Exhibit A, delivered by a Holder to the Company (i) 
notifying the Company of such Holder’s desire to include Registrable 
Securities held by it in a Shelf Registration Statement, (ii) containing 
all information about such Holder required to be included in such Shelf 
Registration Statement in accordance with applicable law, including Item 
507 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act, as amended from 
time

2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
to time, or any similar successor rule thereto, and (iii) pursuant to which 
such Holder agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions hereof.

“Old Registration Rights Agreement” means that certain Old Registration 
Rights Agreement as defined in the recitals.

“Person” means an individual or a corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company, association, trust, or any other entity or organization, 
including a government or political subdivision or an agency or 
instrumentality thereof.

“Piggy-Back Registration” means a Piggy-Back Registration as defined in 
Section 2.3.

“Registrable Securities” means any Common Stock (including any issuable or 
issued upon exercise, exchange or conversion of any Common Stock 
Equivalents) at any time owned, either of record or beneficially, by any 
Holder and any additional securities that may be issued or distributed or 
be issuable in respect of any Common Stock by way of conversion, dividend, 
stock-split, distribution or exchange, merger, consolidation, exchange, 
recapitalization or reclassification or similar transactions until (i) a 
registration statement covering such shares has been declared effective by 
the Commission and such shares have been disposed of pursuant to such 
effective registration statement, (ii) such shares have been publicly sold 
under Rule 144 or (iii) such shares have been otherwise transferred in a 
transaction that constitutes a sale thereof under the Securities Act, the 
Company has delivered to the Holder’s transferee a new certificate or other 
evidence of ownership for such shares not bearing the Securities Act 
restricted stock legend and such shares may be resold or otherwise 
transferred by such transferee without subsequent registration under the 
Securities Act.

“Registration Expenses” means Registration Expenses as defined in Section 
2.7.

“Representatives” means, with respect to any Person, any of such Person’s 
officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, actuaries, 
consultants, equity financing partners or financial advisors or other 
Person associated with, or acting on behalf of, such Person.

“Requested Shares” means Requested Shares as defined in Section 2.1(c).

“Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, as amended 
from time to time, or any similar successor rule thereto that may be 
promulgated by the Commission.

“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

“Selling Holder” means a Holder who is selling Registrable Securities 
pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act pursuant to 
the terms hereof.

“Shareholders Agreement” means the Shareholders Agreement by and among the 
Company and the stockholders party thereto, dated as of November 9, 2015, 
as amended on October 4, 2016, as will be further amended pursuant to that 
certain Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 31, 2017, and as the same may be 
further amended, modified or restated from time to time.

“Shelf Registration Statement” means a Shelf Registration Statement as 
defined in Section 2.1.

“Suspension Event” means a Suspension Event as defined in Section 2.5.

3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Suspension Notice” means a Suspension Notice as defined in Section 2.5.

“Underwriter” means a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable 
Securities as principal and not as part of such dealer’s market-making 
activities.

“Underwritten Shelf Take-Down” means an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down as 
defined in Section 2.4(e).

ARTICLE II
REGISTRATION RIGHTS

SECTION 2.1.Shelf Registration.

(a)Preparation and Filing of Shelf Registration Statement. Upon the Company 
becoming eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, the Company 
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly (x) and in any 
event within 90 days thereof, assuming the Company shall have received all 
relevant shareholder information to be included in the filing at least 10 
Business Days prior to the filing date, prepare and file a “shelf” 
registration statement with respect to the resale of Registrable 
Securities, on an appropriate form for the offering and subsequent resale 
thereof, to be made on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 
under the Securities Act (the “Shelf Registration Statement”) and (y) cause 
the Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission 
as promptly as reasonably practicable thereafter and maintain it until the 
earlier of (i) the six (6) year anniversary following such declaration of 
effectiveness and (ii) the date on which each Holder is permitted to sell 
its Registrable Securities without Registration pursuant to Rule 144 under 
the under the Securities Act without volume limitation or other 
restrictions on transfer thereunder. At any time on or after the date that 
the Company becomes eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, 
promptly following a request as may be made from time to time by a Holder 
or Holders with respect to their Registrable Securities, the Company shall 
use a then-effective Shelf Registration Statement (or, if none is 
effective, shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly, and 
in any event within 90 days thereof, assuming the Company shall have 
received all relevant shareholder information to be included in the filing 
at least 10 Business Days prior to the filing date, file a Shelf 
Registration Statement and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause 
it to be declared effective) with respect to the resale of the number of 
Registrable Securities specified by, and in accordance with the methods of 
distribution elected by the Holder(s); provided, that if a Holder makes a 
request pursuant to this Section 2.1(a) to file a Shelf Registration 
Statement and the other Holder(s) (if any) did not join in such request, 
the Company shall promptly (and, in any event, within five (5) Business 
Days) notify the other Holder(s) upon receipt of such request or any 
request by a Holder to increase the number of Registrable Securities 
registered on such Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to this Section 
2.1(a). The number of requests by a Holder or Holders with respect to their 
Registrable Securities which may be made pursuant to this Section 2.1(a) 
shall be limited to one (1) per six (6)-month period. No later than ten 
(10) Business Days after the receipt of any notice given pursuant to the 
immediately prior sentence, each Holder shall have the right to include in 
such registration up to each of their respective pro rata portion of their 
respective Registrable Securities by notifying the Company in writing of 
the number of its Registrable Securities (if any) that such Holder is 
requesting to be registered on such Shelf Registration Statement. The 
Company shall include in the Shelf Registration Statement the number of 
Registrable Securities for which the Company receives written notice in 
accordance with this Section 2.1(a). At any time prior to or after the 
filing of an applicable Shelf Registration Statement, each Holder may 
request that the number of its Registrable Securities (if any) previously 
requested to be registered on such Shelf Registration Statement be 
increased to a larger number of its Registrable Securities and the Company 
shall thereafter use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect such 
increase for such Shelf Registration Statement as promptly as practicable 
thereafter. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
keep such Shelf Registration

4
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Statement continuously effective until the earlier of (i) the six (6) year 
anniversary following the declaration of effectiveness of such Shelf 
Registration Statement or (ii) the date as of which each of the Holders is 
permitted to sell its Registrable Securities without Registration pursuant 
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act without volume limitation or other 
restrictions on transfer thereunder.

(b)At the time a Shelf Registration Statement requested by a Holder 
pursuant to Section 2.1(a) is declared effective, each Holder that has 
delivered a duly completed and executed Notice and Questionnaire to the 
Company on or prior to the date ten (10) Business Days prior to such time 
of effectiveness shall be named as a Selling Holder in the Shelf 
Registration Statement and the related prospectus in such a manner as to 
permit such Holder to deliver such prospectus to purchasers of Registrable 
Securities in accordance with applicable law. If required by applicable 
law, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, after effectiveness of the 
Shelf Registration Statement, the Company shall file a supplement to such 
prospectus or amendment to the Shelf Registration Statement not less 
frequently than once a quarter as necessary to name as Selling Holders 
therein any Holders that provide to the Company a duly completed and 
executed Notice and Questionnaire and shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to cause any post-effective amendment to such Shelf Registration 
Statement filed for such purpose to be declared effective by the Commission 
as promptly as reasonably practicable after the filing thereof.

(c)Underwritten Shelf Registration. If (1) the Holders of thirty percent 
(30%) or more of the Registrable Securities to be registered pursuant to 
the Shelf Registration Statement so elect or (2) the New Warrant Holders of 
twelve percent (12%) or more of the Registrable Securities to be registered 
pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement so elect (the applicable 
Registrable Securities held thereby, the “Requested Shares”), in each case, 
by written notice to the Company, the offering of such Registrable 
Securities pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement shall be in the 
form of a firmly underwritten offering; and provided, further, that the 
Company shall not be obligated to effect, or take any action to effect, an 
underwritten offering (i) within ninety (90) days following the last date 
on which an underwritten offering was effected pursuant to this Section 
2.1(c), Section 2.2(a) or Section 2.2(e) or during any lock-up period 
required by the Underwriters in any prior underwritten offering conducted 
by the Company on its own behalf or on behalf of selling stockholders, (ii) 
during the period commencing with the date thirty (30) days prior to the 
Company’s good faith estimate of the date of filing of, and ending on a 
date ninety (90) days after the effective date of, a registration statement 
with respect to a completed offering by the Company or (iii) following an 
IPO if there is at such time on file an effective Shelf Registration 
Statement for the Common Stock with respect to such Requested Shares. The 
Holders of a majority of the Requested Shares shall select the Underwriter 
or Underwriters to serve as book-running manager or managers in connection 
with any such offering; provided that such managing Underwriter or 
Underwriters must be reasonably satisfactory to the Company. The Company 
may select any additional investment banks and managers to be used in 
connection with the offering; provided that such additional investment 
bankers and managers must be reasonably satisfactory to the Holders of a 
majority of the Requested Shares, as applicable. Each Holder shall have the 
right to include in such offering up to each of their respective pro rata 
portion of their respective Registrable Securities in the manner described 
in Section 2.1(a).

(d)Filing of Additional Registration Statements. The Company shall prepare 
and file such additional registration statements as necessary every three 
(3) years (or such other period that may be applicable under the rules and 
regulations promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act) and use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statements to be 
declared effective by the Commission so that the registration statement 
remains continuously effective with respect to resales of Registrable 
Securities as of and for the periods required under Section 2.1(a), as 
applicable, such subsequent registration statements to constitute a Shelf 
Registration Statement, as the case may be, hereunder.

5
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e)Selling Holders Become Party to Agreement. Each Holder acknowledges that 
by participating in its registration rights pursuant to this Agreement, 
such Holder will be deemed a party to this Agreement and will be bound by 
its terms, notwithstanding such Holder’s failure to deliver a Notice and 
Questionnaire; provided, that any Holder that has not delivered a duly 
completed and executed Notice and Questionnaire shall not be entitled to be 
named as a Selling Holder in, or have the Registrable Securities held by it 
covered by, a Shelf Registration Statement.

SECTION 2.2.Demand Registration.

(a)Request for Registration. At any time on or after the date hereof, (1) 
the Holders of thirty five percent (35%) or more of the Registrable 
Securities, at such time, or (2) the New Warrant Holders of twelve percent 
(12%) or more of the Registrable Securities, at such time, in each case, 
may make a written request to the Company for registration under the 
Securities Act of all or part of their Registrable Securities (a “Demand 
Registration”); provided, that if (i) a Shelf Registration Statement is on 
file and effective with respect to the Common Stock owned by the Holders 
that have requested their Registrable Securities to be included in a Demand 
Registration or (ii) in the case of a Demand Registration for an 
underwritten offering such a Demand Registration would not reasonably be 
expected to result in aggregate gross cash proceeds in excess of 
$100,000,000 (or $25,000,000 in the case of a Demand Registration by the 
New Warrant Holders) (without regard to any underwriting discount or 
Underwriter’s commission), then the Company shall have no obligation to 
effect a Demand Registration for the Common Stock. The Company shall 
prepare and file a registration statement on an appropriate form with 
respect to any Demand Registration (the “Demand Registration Statement”) 
and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Demand 
Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission as 
promptly as reasonably practicable after the filing thereof and the Company 
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep such Demand 
Registration Statement effective for a period ending when all shares of 
Common Stock covered by the Demand Registration Statement are no longer 
Registrable Securities or the date as of which each of the Holders is 
permitted to sell its Registrable Securities without Registration pursuant 
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act without volume limitation or other 
restrictions on transfer thereunder. The number of Demand Registrations 
which may be made pursuant to this Section 2.2(a) shall be limited to one 
(1) per six (6)-month period. Any request for a Demand Registration will 
specify the number of shares of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold 
and will also specify the intended method of disposition thereof. The 
Company shall have the opportunity to register such number of shares of 
Common Stock as it may elect on the Demand Registration Statement and as 
part of the same underwritten offering in connection with a Demand 
Registration (a “Company Piggy-Back Registration”). Unless the Holders of a 
majority of the Registrable Securities participating in such Demand 
Registration consent in writing, no party, other than the Company, shall be 
permitted to offer securities in connection with any such Demand 
Registration. Each of the Holders that has requested its Registrable 
Securities be included in a Demand Registration pursuant to this Section 
2.2(a) may withdraw all or any portion of its Registrable Securities from a 
Demand Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of the 
applicable Demand Registration Statement. Upon receipt of a notice to such 
effect from a Holder, with respect to a sufficient number of Registrable 
Securities to reduce the aggregate holdings under the applicable Demand 
Registration below twelve percent (12%) of the Registrable Securities, the 
Company shall cease all efforts to secure effectiveness of the applicable 
Demand Registration Statement. In addition, if the Company receives a 
Demand Registration and the Company is then in the process of engaging in a 
Company Public Sale, the Company shall inform the Holders of the Company’s 
intention to engage in a Company Public Sale and may require the Holders to 
withdraw such request for registration for a period of up to 120 days so 
that the Company may complete the Company Public Sale. In the event that 
the Company ceases to pursue such Company Public Sale, it shall promptly 
inform the Holders, and the Holders shall be permitted to submit a new 
request for registration. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that 
such Holders have requested a Demand Registration at a time when the 
Company (1) was required to file a Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to 
Section 2.1 and has failed

6
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
to file such Shelf Registration Statement or (2) filed a Shelf Registration 
Statement but failed to maintain the effectiveness of a Shelf Registration 
Statement pursuant to Section 2.1, then the exercise of such Demand 
Registration shall not be deemed a waiver of any other remedies such 
Holders may have, at law or in equity, with respect to the Common Stock.

(b)Effective Registration. A registration will not count as a Demand 
Registration until it has become effective.

(c)Selling Holders Become Party to Agreement. Each Holder acknowledges that 
by asserting or participating in its registration rights pursuant to this 
Agreement, such Holder may become a Selling Holder and thereby will be 
deemed a party to this Agreement and will be bound by each of its terms.

(d)Underwritten Demand Registrations. After first (1st) anniversary of the 
date hereof and if no Shelf Registration Statement is effective, if (1) the 
Holders of thirty percent (30%) or more of the Registrable Securities to be 
registered in a Demand Registration so elect or (2) the New Warrant Holders 
of twelve percent (12%) or more of the Registrable Securities to be 
registered in a Demand Registration so elect, in each case, by written 
notice to the Company, the offering of such Registrable Securities pursuant 
to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an underwritten 
offering. The Holders of a majority of the shares participating in a Demand 
Registration shall select the Underwriter or Underwriters to serve as 
book-running manager or managers in connection with any such Demand 
Registration; provided that such managing Underwriter or Underwriters must 
be reasonably satisfactory to the Company. The Company may select any 
additional investment banks and managers to be used in connection with the 
offering; provided that such additional investment bankers and managers 
must be reasonably satisfactory to the Holders of a majority of the shares 
of the Registrable Securities participating in the Demand Registration.

(e)Underwritten Shelf Take-Downs.

(i) At any time following the first (1st) anniversary of the date hereof, 
if a Shelf Registration Statement is on file and effective with respect to 
the Common Stock, Holders may require the Company to effect a firmly 
underwritten resale of Registrable Securities utilizing such Shelf 
Registration (and, if necessary, amend such Shelf Registration) to effect 
such resale (an “Underwritten Shelf Take-Down”); provided, however, that 
the Company shall not be obligated to take any action with respect to a 
request for an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down (1) within ninety (90) days 
following the consummation of an underwritten offering (but not including 
any greenshoe or overallotment option) pursuant to this Section 2.2(e), 
Section 2.2(a) or Section 2.2(c) or (2) if a proposed Underwritten Shelf 
Take-Down would not reasonably be expected to result in aggregate gross 
cash proceeds in excess of $100,000,000 (or $25,000,000 in the case of an 
Underwritten Shelf Take-Down by the New Warrant Holders) to the selling 
Holders (without regard to any underwriting discount or Underwriter’s 
commission), then the Company shall have no obligation to effect a an 
Underwritten Shelf Take-Down.

(ii) In furtherance of the foregoing, each Holder agrees, in an effort to 
conduct any such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down in the most efficient and 
organized manner, to coordinate with any other Holders prior to initiating 
any sales efforts and cooperate with the other Eligible Holder(s) as to the 
terms of such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down, including the aggregate amount 
of securities to be sold and the number of Registrable Securities to be 
sold by each Holder.  In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company shall 
give prompt notice to any non-initiating Holder (if such Holder’s 
Registrable Securities are included in the Shelf Registration) of the 
receipt of a request from the initiating Holder (whose Registrable 
Securities are included in the Shelf

7
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Registration) of a proposed Underwritten Shelf Take-Down under and pursuant 
to the Shelf Registration and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, will provide such non-initiating Holders a period of five 
(5) business days to participate in such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down, 
subject to the terms negotiated by and applicable to the initiating Holder 
and subject to “cutback” limitations set forth in Section 2.4 as if the 
subject Underwritten Shelf Take-Down was being effected pursuant to a 
Demand Registration (mutatis mutandis).  All such Holders electing to be 
included in an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down must sell any of their 
Registrable Securities to the Underwriters selected as provided herein on 
the same terms and conditions as apply to any other selling equityholders; 
provided, however, that (A) each Holder shall be permitted to withdraw all 
or any portion of its Registrable Securities from an Underwritten Shelf 
Take-Down prior to the pricing thereof and (B) no such Person shall be 
required to make any representations or warranties, or provide any 
indemnity, in connection with any such registration other than 
representations and warranties (or indemnities with respect thereto) as to 
(i) such Person’s ownership of his, her or its Registrable Securities to be 
transferred free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances, (ii) 
such Person’s power and authority to effect such transfer, and (iii) such 
matters pertaining to compliance with securities laws by such Person as may 
be reasonably requested; provided, further, however, that the obligation of 
such Person to indemnify pursuant to any such underwriting arrangements 
shall be several, not joint and several, among such Persons selling 
Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Person will be in 
proportion thereto, and provided, further, that such liability will be 
limited to the net proceeds received by such Person from the sale of his, 
her or its Registrable Securities pursuant to such registration.

(iii) The number of Underwritten Shelf Take-Downs which the Company may be 
required to effect pursuant to this Section 2.2(e) shall be limited to one 
(1) per six (6)-month period.

SECTION 2.3.Piggy-Back Registration. If the Company proposes to file a 
registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to any 
offering of its Common Stock for its own account or for the account of any 
of its respective securityholders (other than (a) any registration 
statement filed in connection with a demand registration other than a 
Demand Registration under this Agreement, (b) a registration statement on 
Form S-4 or S-8 (or any substitute form that may be adopted by the 
Commission), (c) a registration statement filed in connection with an 
exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Company’s existing 
securityholders, (d) a registration incidental to an issuance of debt 
securities under Rule 144A or (e) a registration of securities solely 
relating to an offering and sale to employees or directors of the Company 
pursuant to any employee stock plan or other employee benefit plan 
arrangement, a dividend reinvestment plan, or a merger or consolidation) (a 
“Company Public Sale”), then the Company shall give written notice of such 
proposed filing to the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as 
practicable (but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated 
filing date), and such notice shall offer such Holders the opportunity to 
register such number of shares of Registrable Securities as each such 
Holder may request (a “Piggy-Back Registration”); provided, that if and so 
long as a Shelf Registration Statement is on file and effective with 
respect to the Common Stock, then the Company shall have no obligation to 
effect a Piggy-Back Registration of Common Stock. Subject to Section 2.4, 
the Company shall include in such registration statement all such 
Registrable Securities that are requested to be included therein within 
fifteen (15) days after the receipt by such Holders of any such notice (or 
ten (10) Business Days in the case of a notice pursuant to a Shelf 
Registration Statement); provided, that if at any time after giving written 
notice of its intention to register any securities and prior to the 
effective date of the registration statement filed in connection with such 
registration, the Company shall determine for any reason not to register or 
to delay registration of such securities, the Company shall give written 
notice of such determination to each Holder and, thereupon, (i) in the case 
of a determination not to register, shall be relieved of its obligation to 
register any Registrable Securities in connection with such registration 
(but not from its obligation to pay the Registration Expenses in connection 
therewith)

8
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
and (ii) in the case of a determination to delay registering, in the 
absence of a request for a Demand Registration, shall be permitted to delay 
registering any Registrable Securities, for the same period as the delay in 
registering such other securities. The Company shall use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a 
proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities 
requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration to be included on the 
same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included 
therein. Each Holder shall be permitted to withdraw all or part of its 
Registrable Securities from a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to 
the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.

SECTION 2.4.Reduction of Offering. Notwithstanding anything contained 
herein, if the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of an offering 
described in Sections 2.1(c), 2.2(d), 2.2(e) or 2.3 advise the Company and 
the Holders of the Registrable Securities included in such offering, or if 
such managing Underwriter or Underwriters are unwilling to so advise, if 
the Company and the Holders of the Registrable Securities included in such 
offering conclude after consultation with such managing Underwriter or 
Underwriters that (i) the size of the offering that the Holders, the 
Company and such other persons intend to make or (ii) in the case of a 
Piggy-Back Registration only, the kind of securities that the Holders, the 
Company and/or any other Persons intend to include in such offering are 
such that the success of the offering would be materially and adversely 
affected by inclusion of the Registrable Securities requested to be 
included, then:

(a)if the size of the offering is the basis of such determination, the 
amount of securities to be offered for the accounts of Holders shall be 
reduced pro rata (according to the Registrable Securities proposed for 
registration) to the extent necessary to reduce the total amount of 
securities to be included in such offering to the amount recommended by 
such managing Underwriter or Underwriters (or in the case of a Demand 
Registration or an offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf 
Registration Statement, in each case, not being underwritten, the majority 
of the Holders); provided that, in the event of a Demand Registration or 
pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement, the securities to be included 
in such Demand Registration and Shelf Registration Statement shall be 
allocated, (x) first, 100% pro rata among the Holders of the Registrable 
Securities that have requested to participate in such Demand Registration 
or pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement, as applicable, based on the 
relative number of Registrable Securities then held by each such Holder, 
(y) next, and only if all the securities referred to in clause (x) have 
been included, the number of securities that the Company proposes to 
include in such Demand Registration or Shelf Registration Statement that, 
in the opinion of the managing underwriter or underwriters (or in the case 
of a Demand Registration or an offering of Registrable Securities pursuant 
to a Shelf Registration Statement, in each case, not being underwritten, 
the majority of the Holders) can be sold without having such significant 
adverse effect, and (z) last, only if all of the Registrable Securities 
referred to in clause (y) have been included in such registration, any 
other securities eligible for inclusion in such registration; provided, 
further that, in the event of a Piggy-Back Registration, the securities to 
be included in such Piggy-Back Registration shall be allocated, (A) first, 
100% of the securities proposed to be sold in such Piggyback Registration 
by the Company if such registration is initiated by the Company for its own 
behalf, (B) second, and only if all the securities referred to in clause 
(A) have been included, the number of Registrable Securities that, in the 
opinion of such managing underwriter or underwriters (or in the case of a 
Demand Registration or an offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a 
Shelf Registration Statement, in each case, not being underwritten, the 
majority of the Holders), can be sold without having such adverse effect, 
with such number to be allocated pro rata among all investors that have 
requested to participate in such registration based on the relative number 
of Registrable Securities (or their equivalent in the case of investors not 
party to this Agreement) then held by each such investor and (iii) third, 
and only if all of the securities referred to in clause (B) have been 
included in such registration, any other securities eligible for inclusion 
in such registration.

9
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)if the kind of securities to be offered is the basis of such 
determination, (i) the Registrable Securities to be included in such 
offering shall be reduced as described in clause (a) above or, (ii) if the 
actions described in clause (i) would, in the good faith, best judgment of 
the managing Underwriter (or, in the case of a Demand Registration or an 
offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration 
Statement, in each case, not being underwritten, the majority of the 
Holders), be insufficient to substantially eliminate the adverse effect 
that inclusion of the Registrable Securities requested to be included would 
have on such offering, such Registrable Securities will be excluded from 
such offering.

SECTION 2.5.Black-Out Periods.

(a)Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 2.1(a), 2.1(b), 2.1(c), 
2.2(a) and 2.2(d), the Company shall be permitted to postpone the filing of 
any Shelf Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2.1 or any 
registration statement filed in connection with a Demand Registration 
pursuant to Section 2.2, and from time to time to require the Holders not 
to sell Registrable Securities under any such Shelf Registration Statement 
or other registration statement or to suspend the effectiveness thereof, 
for such times as the Company reasonably may determine is necessary and 
advisable, if any of the following events shall occur (each such 
circumstance a “Suspension Event”): (i) a majority of the members of the 
board of directors of the Company determines in good faith that (A) the 
offer or sale of any Registrable Securities would materially impede, delay 
or interfere with any proposed material financing, material acquisition, 
corporate reorganization or other material transaction involving the 
Company or (B)(x) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for 
preserving the confidentiality of a material transaction that would 
otherwise be required to be disclosed due to such registration, (y) 
disclosure would have a material adverse effect on the Company or the 
Company’s ability to consummate such a material transaction or (z) such a 
material transaction renders the Company unable to comply with Commission 
requirements, in each case under circumstances that would make it 
impractical or inadvisable, to cause the Shelf Registration Statement or 
other registration statement (or such filings) to become effective or to 
promptly amend or supplement the Shelf Registration Statement or other 
registration statement on a post-effective basis, as applicable;  (ii) a 
majority of the members of the board of directors of the Company determines 
in good faith that it is in the Company’s best interest or it is required 
by law, rule or regulation to supplement the Shelf Registration Statement 
or other registration statement or file a post-effective amendment to such 
Shelf Registration Statement or other registration statement in order to 
ensure that the prospectus included in the Shelf Registration Statement or 
other registration statement (1) contains the information required by the 
form on which such Shelf Registration Statement or other registration 
statement was filed or (2) discloses any facts or events arising after the 
effective date of the Shelf Registration Statement or other registration 
statement (or of the most recent post-effective amendment) that, 
individually or in the aggregate, represents a fundamental change in the 
information set forth therein; or (iii) if the Company is subject to any of 
its customary suspension or blackout periods, for all or part of such 
period. Upon the occurrence of any such suspension, the Company shall use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Shelf Registration 
Statement or other registration statement to become effective or to amend 
or supplement the Shelf Registration Statement or other registration 
statement on a post-effective basis or to take such action as is necessary 
to permit resumed use of the Shelf Registration Statement or other 
registration statement or filing thereof as soon as reasonably possible 
following the conclusion of the applicable Suspension Event and its effect.

The Company will provide written notice (a “Suspension Notice”) to the 
Holders of the occurrence of any Suspension Event; provided, however, that 
the Company shall not be permitted to exercise a suspension pursuant to 
this Section 2.5(a) (i) more than once during any twelve (12)-month period, 
or (ii) for a period exceeding sixty (60) days in the aggregate during such 
twelve (12)-month period. Upon receipt of a Suspension Notice, each Holder 
agrees that it will (i) immediately discontinue offers and sales of the 
Registrable Securities under the Shelf Registration Statement or other 
registration statement and (ii) maintain the confidentiality of any 
information included in the Suspension Notice

10
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
unless otherwise required by law or subpoena. The Holders may recommence 
effecting offers and sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the 
Shelf Registration Statement or other registration statement (or such 
filings) following further written notice to such effect (an “End of 
Suspension Notice”) from the Company, which End of Suspension Notice shall 
be given by the Company to the Holders promptly following the conclusion of 
any Suspension Event and its effect; provided that the Holders agree that 
they will only effect such offers and sales pursuant to any supplemental or 
amended prospectus that has been provided to them by the Company pursuant 
to Section 2.5(b).

(b)Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if the Company 
shall give a Suspension Notice with respect to any Shelf Registration 
Statement or other registration statement pursuant to Section 2.5(a), the 
Company agrees that it shall extend the period of time during which such 
Shelf Registration Statement or other registration statement shall be 
maintained effective (including the period referred to in Section 2.6(a)) 
by the number of days during the period from the date of receipt by the 
Holders of the Suspension Notice to and including the date of receipt by 
the Holders of the End of Suspension Notice and promptly provide copies of 
the supplemented or amended prospectus necessary to resume offers and 
sales, with respect to each Suspension Event; provided, that such period of 
time shall not be extended beyond the date that the Common Stock covered by 
such Shelf Registration Statement or other registration statement are no 
longer Registrable Securities.

SECTION 2.6.Registration Procedures; Filings; Information. Subject to 
Section 2.5, in connection with any Shelf Registration Statement under 
Section 2.1, any Demand Registration under Section 2.2 or Piggy-Back 
Registration under Section 2.3, the Company will use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to effect the registration and the sale of such 
Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of 
disposition thereof as quickly as practicable, and in connection with any 
such request:

(a)The Company will as expeditiously as possible prepare and file with the 
Commission a registration statement on any form for which the Company then 
qualifies or which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate and which 
form shall be available for the sale of the Registrable Securities to be 
registered thereunder in accordance with the intended method of 
distribution thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause 
such filed registration statement to become and remain effective (i) in the 
case of a Shelf Registration Statement, for the period described in 
Section 2.1 and (ii) in the case of a Demand Registration, for a period of 
not less than 270 days from the effective date of such registration 
statement.

(b)The Company will, prior to filing a registration statement or prospectus 
or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish to each Selling Holder and 
each Underwriter, if any, of the Registrable Securities covered by such 
registration statement copies of such registration statement as proposed to 
be filed with copies of all documents proposed to be filed, which documents 
shall be subject to the review of such Selling Holder and Underwriter, if 
any, and their respective counsel and, except in the case of a registration 
statement under Section 2.3, not file any registration statement or 
amendments or supplements thereto to which the Underwriter, if any, shall 
reasonably object. The Company shall thereafter furnish to such Selling 
Holder and Underwriter, if any, such number of conformed copies of such 
registration statement, each amendment and supplement thereto (and upon 
request, all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference 
therein), the prospectus included in such registration statement (including 
each preliminary prospectus) and such other documents as such Selling 
Holder or Underwriter may reasonably request in order to facilitate the 
disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Selling Holder.

(c)After the filing of the registration statement, the Company will 
promptly notify each Selling Holder of Registrable Securities covered by 
such registration statement of (i) any stop order

11
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
issued or threatened by the Commission or any order by the Commission or 
any other regulatory authority preventing or suspending the use of any 
preliminary or final prospectus or the initiation or threatening of any 
proceedings for such purposes, (ii) any written comments by the Commission 
or any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental 
authority for amendments or supplements to such registration statement or 
for additional information or (iii) the receipt by the Company of any 
notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the 
Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the 
initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

(d)The Company will promptly take all reasonable actions required to 
prevent, or obtain the withdrawal of, any stop order or other order 
suspending the use of any preliminary or final registration statement.

(e)The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) register 
or qualify the Registrable Securities under such other securities or blue 
sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States (where an exemption 
does not apply) as any Selling Holder or managing Underwriter or 
Underwriters, if any, reasonably (in light of such Selling Holder’s 
intended plan of distribution) requests and (ii) cause such Registrable 
Securities to be registered with or approved by such other governmental 
agencies or authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and 
operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may 
be reasonably necessary or advisable to enable such Selling Holder to 
consummate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such 
Selling Holder; provided that the Company will not be required to (A) 
qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not 
otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph (e), (B) subject 
itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction or (C) consent to general 
service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(f)The Company will promptly notify each Selling Holder of such Registrable 
Securities, at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is required to 
be delivered under the Securities Act, of (i) the Company’s receipt of any 
notification of the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable 
Securities covered by a Shelf Registration Statement for sale in any 
jurisdiction, (ii) the occurrence of an event requiring the preparation of 
a supplement or amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter 
delivered to the purchasers of such Registrable Securities, such prospectus 
will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading and promptly make available to each Selling Holder any 
such supplement or amendment and (iii) deliver to each Selling Holder and 
each Underwriter, if any, without charge, as many copies of the applicable 
prospectus (including each preliminary prospectus), any amendment or 
supplement thereto and such other documents useful to facilitate the 
disposition of the Registrable Securities as such Selling Holder or 
Underwriter may reasonably request.

(g)The Company will promptly (i) incorporate in a prospectus supplement or 
post-effective amendment such information as the Underwriter, if any, 
reasonably believes should be included therein relating to the plan of 
distribution with respect to such Registrable Securities, and make all 
required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment, 
(ii) furnish to each Selling Holder and each Underwriter, if any, without 
charge, as many conformed copies as such Selling Holder or Underwriter may 
reasonably request of the applicable Registration Statement and any 
amendment or post-effective amendment thereto, including financial 
statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference 
and all exhibits (including those incorporated by reference).

(h)The Company will enter into customary agreements (including an 
underwriting agreement, if any, in customary form) and use commercially 
reasonable efforts to take such other actions as the Underwriters, if any, 
reasonably request or that are reasonably required in order to expedite or 
facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities, including, 
without limitation, (A) obtain for

12
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
delivery to the Selling Holders and to the Underwriters, if any, an opinion 
or opinions from counsel for the Company dated the effective date of the 
applicable registration statement or, in the event of an underwritten 
offering, the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement, in 
customary form, scope and substance, which opinions shall be reasonably s
atisfactory to such Holders or Underwriters, as the case may be, and their 
respective counsel, (B) in the case of an underwritten offering, obtain for 
delivery to the Company and the managing Underwriter or Underwriters, with 
copies to the Selling Holders, a cold comfort letter from the Company’s 
independent certified public accountants in customary form and covering 
such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the 
managing underwriter or underwriters reasonably request, dated the date of 
execution of the underwriting agreement and brought down to the closing un
der the underwriting agreement and (C) cooperate with each Selling Holder 
and each Underwriter, if any, participating in the disposition of such 
Registrable Securities and their respective counsel in connection with any 
filings required to be made with FINRA.

(i)The Company will make available for inspection by any Selling Holder of 
such Registrable Securities, if such Selling Holder has a due diligence 
defense under the Securities Act, any Underwriter participating in any 
disposition pursuant to such registration statement and any attorney, 
accountant or other professional retained by any such Selling Holder or 
Underwriter (collectively, the “Inspectors”), all financial and other 
records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company as 
shall be reasonably necessary to enable them to exercise their due 
diligence responsibility, and cause the Company’s officers, directors and 
employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any Inspector 
in connection with such registration statement, subject to entry by each 
such Inspector into a customary confidentiality agreement in a form 
reasonably acceptable to the Company.

(j)The Company will otherwise use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, and 
make available to its securityholders, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an earnings statement covering a period of 12 months, beginning within 
three months after the effective date of the registration statement, which 
earnings statement shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the 
Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder (or 
any successor rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission).

(k)The Company may require each Selling Holder of Registrable Securities to 
promptly furnish in writing to the Company such information regarding such 
Selling Holder, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended 
method of distribution of the Registrable Securities as the Company may 
from time to time reasonably request and such other information as may be 
legally required in connection with such registration. No Holder may 
include Registrable Securities in any registration statement pursuant to 
this Agreement unless and until such Holder has furnished to the Company 
such information. Each Holder further agrees to furnish as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Company all information required to be 
disclosed in order to make information previously furnished to the Company 
by such Holder not materially misleading.

(l)Each Selling Holder agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the 
Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 
2.6(f), such Selling Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of 
Registrable Securities pursuant to the registration statement covering such 
Registrable Securities until such Selling Holder’s receipt of written 
notice from the Company that such disposition may be made and, in the case 
of clause (ii) of Section 2.6(f), copies of the supplemented or amended 
prospectus contemplated by clause (ii) of Section 2.6(f), and, if so 
directed by the Company, such Selling Holder will deliver to the Company 
all copies, other than permanent file copies then in such Selling Holder’s 
possession, of the most recent prospectus covering such Registrable 
Securities at the time of receipt of such notice. Each Selling Holder of 
Registrable Securities agrees that it will promptly notify the Company at 
any time when a prospectus relating to the registration of such Registrable 
Securities is required to be delivered under the Securities Act of the 
happening of an event as a result of

13
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
which information previously furnished by such Selling Holder to the 
Company in writing for inclusion in such prospectus contains an untrue 
statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required 
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading in light of the circumstances in which they were made. In the 
event the Company shall give such notice, the Company shall extend the 
period during which such registration statement shall be maintained 
effective (including the period referred to in Section 2.6(a)) by the 
number of days during the period from and including the date of the giving 
of notice pursuant to Section 2.6(f) to the date when the Company shall 
provide written notice that such dispositions may be made and, in the case 
of clause (ii) of Section 2.6(f), make available to the Selling Holders of 
Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement a prospectus 
supplemented or amended to conform with the requirements of Section 2.6(f)
.

(m)In the case of an underwritten offering, the Company will cooperate in 
all marketing efforts, including, without limitation, providing information 
and materials and causing senior executive officers of the Company to 
participate in meetings, customary “road show” presentations and/or 
investor conference calls to market the Registrable Securities that may be 
reasonably requested by the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in any 
such underwritten offering and otherwise to facilitate, cooperate with, and 
participate in each proposed offering contemplated herein and customary 
selling efforts related thereto.

(n)With respect to any notice of a filing of or copies of a registration 
statement provided by the Company to a Holder prior to the filing of a 
registration pursuant to Section 2.1, Section 2.2 or Section 2.3, each of 
the Holders receiving such notice and information shall maintain the 
confidentiality until the Company’s public disclosure of and comply with 
applicable law with respect to any such information, including the 
Company’s intention to file the registration statement.

SECTION 2.7.Registration Expenses. In connection with any registration 
statement required to be filed hereunder, the Company shall pay the 
following registration expenses incurred in connection with the 
registration hereunder (the “Registration Expenses”), regardless of whether 
such registration statement is declared effective by the Commission: (a) 
all registration and filing fees, and any other fees and expenses 
associated with filings required to be made with the SEC or FINRA, (b) fees 
and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including 
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with blue sky 
qualifications of the Registrable Securities), (c) all printing, 
duplicating, word processing, messenger, telephone, facsimile and delivery 
expenses (including expenses of printing certificates for the Registrable 
Securities in a form eligible for deposit with The Depository Trust Company 
and of printing prospectuses), (d) internal expenses (including, without 
limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees 
performing legal or accounting duties), (e) the fees and expenses incurred 
in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities, (f) 
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and customary 
fees and expenses for independent certified public accountants retained by 
the Company (including the expenses of any comfort letters or costs 
associated with the delivery by independent certified public accountants of 
a comfort letter or comfort letters requested pursuant to Section 2.6(h)), 
(g) the reasonable fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the 
Company in connection with such registration, (h) reasonable fees and 
disbursements of one (1) legal counsel plus any regulatory counsel, as 
appropriate, for all Selling Holders participating in such registration, 
and (i) any reasonable fees and disbursements of the Underwriters, if any, 
customarily paid by issuers or sellers of securities. The Company shall 
have no obligation to pay any underwriting fees, discounts or commissions 
attributable to the sale of Registrable Securities or any transfer taxes 
relating to the registration or sale of the Registrable Securities.

SECTION 2.8.Indemnification by the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify 
and hold harmless, to the full extent permitted by law, each Selling Holder 
of Registrable Securities, each member, limited partner or general partner 
thereof, each member, limited partner or general partner of each such

14
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
member, limited or general partner, each of their respective Affiliates, 
officers, directors, stockholders, employees, advisors, and agents and each 
Person, if any, who controls such Persons within the meaning of Section 15 
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act and each of their 
respective Representatives from and against any and all losses, penalties, 
judgments, suits, costs, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses 
(including reasonable costs of investigation and legal expenses) (each, a “
Loss”, and collectively, “Losses”) that arise out of or are based upon any 
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained 
in any registration statement or prospectus relating to such Registrable 
Securities, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any preliminary 
prospectus, or that arise out of or are based upon any omission or alleged 
omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances 
under which they were made, not misleading, except insofar as such losses, 
claims, damages or liabilities that arise out of or are based upon any such 
untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission with 
respect to information relating to such Selling Holder included in reliance 
upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company 
by such Selling Holder or on such Selling Holder’s behalf expressly for 
inclusion therein. This indemnity shall be in addition to any liability the 
Company may otherwise have. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and 
effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such 
Selling Holder or any Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of 
such securities by such Selling Holder. The Company also agrees to 
indemnify any Underwriters of the Registrable Securities, their officers 
and directors and each Person who controls such underwriters within the 
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange 
Act and each of their respective Representatives on substantially the same 
basis as that of the indemnification of the Selling Holders provided in 
this Section 2.8.

SECTION 2.9.Indemnification by Holders of Registrable Securities. Each 
Selling Holder agrees, severally but not jointly, to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Company, its officers, directors and agents and each Person, 
if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of either Section 15 of 
the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act and each of their 
respective Representatives to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity 
from the Company to such Selling Holder pursuant to Section 2.8, but only 
with respect to written information relating to such Selling Holder 
included in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in 
writing by such Selling Holder or on such Selling Holder’s behalf expressly 
for use in any registration statement or prospectus relating to the 
Registrable Securities of such Selling Holder, or any amendment or 
supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus. In case any action or 
proceeding shall be brought against the Company or its officers, directors 
or agents or any such controlling person, in respect of which indemnity may 
be sought against such Selling Holder, such Selling Holder shall have the 
rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company or its officers, 
directors or agents or such controlling person shall have the rights and 
duties given to such Selling Holder, by Section 2.8. Each Selling Holder 
also agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Underwriters of the Registrable 
Securities, their officers and directors and each Person who controls such 
Underwriters within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or 
Section 20 of the Exchange Act and each of their respective Representatives 
on substantially the same basis as that of the indemnification of the 
Company provided in this Section 2.9. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no 
event will the liability of a Selling Holder under this Section 2.9 or 
Section 2.11 or otherwise hereunder exceed the net proceeds actually 
received by such Selling Holder.

SECTION 2.10.Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. In case any proceeding 
(including any governmental investigation) shall be instituted involving 
any Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to 
Sections 2.8 or 2.9, such Person (an “Indemnified Party”) shall promptly 
notify the Person against whom such indemnity may be sought (an “
Indemnifying Party”) in writing and the Indemnifying Party shall assume the 
defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably 
satisfactory to such Indemnified Party, and shall assume the payment of all 
fees and expenses; provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to 
give such notice will not relieve such Indemnifying Party of

15
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
its obligations under Sections 2.8 or 2.9, as applicable, except to the 
extent such Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. In 
any such proceeding, any Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain 
its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the 
expense of such Indemnified Party unless (a) the Indemnifying Party and the 
Indemnified Party shall have mutually agreed to the retention of such 
counsel or (b) the named parties to any such proceeding (including any 
impleaded parties) include both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying 
Party and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be 
inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. 
It is understood that the Indemnifying Party shall not, in connection with 
any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable 
for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of 
attorneys (in addition to any local counsel) at any time for all such 
Indemnified Parties relating to the same class of Common Stock, and that 
all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred. In the 
case of any such separate firm for the Indemnified Parties relating to the 
same class of Common Stock, such firm shall be designated in writing by (i) 
in the case of Persons indemnified pursuant to Section 2.8, the Selling 
Holders which owned a majority of the Registrable Securities sold under the 
applicable registration statement and (ii) in the case of Persons 
indemnified pursuant to Section 2.9, the Company. The Indemnifying Party 
shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without 
its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, but 
if settled with such consent, or if there be a final judgment for the 
plaintiff, the Indemnifying Party shall indemnify and hold harmless such 
Indemnified Parties from and against any loss or liability (to the extent 
stated above) by reason of such settlement or judgment. No Indemnifying 
Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party 
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), 
effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of 
with any Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity 
could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such 
settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from 
all liability arising out of such proceeding without any admission of 
liability by such Indemnified Party.

SECTION 2.11.Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Sections 
2.8 or 2.9 is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable 
to an Indemnified Party or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, 
damages or liabilities referred to herein, then each such Indemnifying 
Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to 
the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (a) as between the Company and the 
Selling Holders on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other, in such 
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by 
the Company and the Selling Holders on the one hand and the Underwriters on 
the other from the offering of the securities, or if such allocation is not 
permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to 
reflect not only the relative benefits but also the relative fault of the 
Company and the Selling Holders on the one hand and of the Underwriters on 
the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in 
such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant 
equitable considerations and (b) between the Company on the one hand and 
each Selling Holder on the other, in such proportion as is appropriate to 
reflect the relative fault of the Company and of each Selling Holder in 
connection with such statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, 
claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable 
considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company and the 
Selling Holders on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be 
deemed to be in the same proportion as the total proceeds from the offering 
(net of underwriting discounts and commissions but before deducting 
expenses) received by the Company and the Selling Holders bear to the total 
underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters, in 
each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the prospectus. 
The relative fault of the Company and the Selling Holders on the one hand 
and of the Underwriters on the other shall be determined by reference to, 
among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a 
material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact 
relates to information supplied by the Company and the Selling Holders or 
by the Underwriters. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and 
of each Selling Holder on the other shall be determined by reference to, 
among other things,

16
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the 
omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to 
information supplied by such party, and the parties’ relative intent, 
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such 
statement or omission.

The Company and the Selling Holders agree that it would not be just and 
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 2.11 were determined by 
pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity 
for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take 
account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately 
preceding paragraph. The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Party as 
a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the 
immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include, subject to the 
limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses reasonably 
incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or 
defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this 
Section 2.11, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in 
excess of the amount by which the total price at which the securities 
underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public 
exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been 
required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or 
omission or alleged omission, and no Selling Holder shall be required to 
contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at 
which the securities of such Selling Holder were offered to the public 
exceeds the amount of any damages which such Selling Holder has otherwise 
been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement 
or omission or alleged omission. No Person guilty of fraudulent 
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities 
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty 
of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Selling Holder’s obligations to 
contribute pursuant to this Section 2.11 are several in such proportion 
that the proceeds of the offering received by such Selling Holder bears to 
the total proceeds of the offering received by all the Selling Holders, and 
not joint. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2.11 applies in the 
case of a “shelf” registration and an underwritten offering.

SECTION 2.12.Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No Person may 
participate in any underwritten offering hereunder unless such Person (a) 
agrees to sell such Person’s securities on the basis provided in any 
underwriting arrangements approved by the Persons entitled hereunder to 
approve such arrangements and (b) completes and executes all customary 
questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements 
and other documents reasonably required under the terms of such customary 
underwriting arrangements and the registration rights provided for in this 
Article II.

SECTION 2.13.Rule 144. The Company covenants that it will timely file any 
reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the 
Exchange Act and that it will take such further action as any Holder may 
reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable 
Holders to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the 
Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 
144. Upon the reasonable request of any Holder, the Company will deliver to 
such Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such 
requirements and, if not, the specific thereof.

SECTION 2.14.Holdback Agreements.

(a)Restrictions on Public Sale by Holder of Registrable Securities. To the 
extent not inconsistent with applicable law, in connection with any 
underwritten public offering, each Holder who is participating in such 
offering or who “beneficially owns” (as such term is defined under the 
Exchange act) one percent (1%) or more of the Common Stock (whether its 
securities are included in a registration statement or not, for as long as 
such Holder has the right to require that its securities be included in 
such registration statement) agrees not to effect any sale or distribution 
of the Common Stock being registered or a similar security of the Company, 
or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for

17
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
such securities, including a sale pursuant to Rule 144, during the seven 
(7) days prior to, and during the earlier of (x) the ninety (90)-day period 
beginning on the pricing date of such underwritten public offering or (y) 
the period applicable to the executive officers and directors of the 
Company required by the managing Underwriter or Underwriters (such period, 
the “Lockup Period”) (except as part of such underwritten public offering), 
if and to the extent requested in writing by the managing Underwriter or 
Underwriters (such agreement to be in the form of lock-up agreement 
provided by the managing Underwriter or Underwriters); provided that such 
Lockup Period is applicable on substantially similar terms to the Company 
and the executive officers and directors of the Company; provided further 
that nothing herein will prevent any Holder that is a partnership or 
corporation from making a distribution of Registrable Securities to the 
partners or stockholders thereof or a transfer to an Affiliate that is 
otherwise in compliance with applicable securities laws, so long as such 
distributees or transferees agree to be bound by the restrictions set forth 
in this Section 2.14(a); provided further that each Holder acknowledges and 
agrees that if the managing Underwriter or Underwriters so require in the 
written request set forth in this Section 2.14(a), the restriction of this 
Section 2.14(a) shall apply to each Holder (whether its securities are 
included in a registration statement or not, for as long as such Holder has 
the right to require that its securities be included in such registration 
statement) regardless of such Holder’s ownership percentage. Each Holder 
shall receive the benefit of any shorter Lockup Period or permitted 
exceptions (on a pro rata basis) agreed to by the managing Underwriter or 
Underwriters irrespective of whether such Holder participated in the 
underwritten public offering. This Section 2.14(a) will no longer apply to 
a Holder once such Holder ceases to hold Registrable Securities.

(b)Restrictions on Public Sale by the Company and Others. The Company 
agrees that any agreement entered into after the date of this Agreement 
pursuant to which the Company issues or agrees to issue any privately 
placed securities shall contain a provision under which holders of such 
securities agree not to effect any sale or distribution of any securities 
of the same class or convertible into securities of the same class as those 
being sold in connection with an underwritten public offering in accordance 
with Sections 2.1, 2.2 or 2.3, or any securities convertible into or 
exchangeable or exercisable for such securities, during the seven (7) days 
prior to, and during the 90-day period beginning on, the pricing date of 
such underwritten public offering (except as part of such underwritten 
public offering where the Holders of a majority of the Registrable 
Securities to be included in such underwritten public offering consent or 
as part of registration statements filed as set forth in Sections 2.3(a) 
or (c)), if and to the extent requested in writing by the managing 
Underwriter or Underwriters (such agreement to be in the form of lock-up 
agreement provided by the managing Underwriter or Underwriters), in each 
case including a sale pursuant to Rule 144 (except as part of any such 
registration, if permitted); provided, however, that the provisions of this 
paragraph (b) shall not prevent the conversion or exchange of any 
securities pursuant to their terms into or for other securities.

SECTION 2.15. Future Agreements.  The Company agrees not grant to any 
Person the right (other than as set forth herein and except with respect to 
registrations on Forms S-8 and S-4) to request the Company to register any 
securities of the Company, except such that do not adversely affect the 
rights or priorities of the Holders of Registrable Securities set forth 
herein.

ARTICLE III
MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 3.1.NASDAQ Listing. To the extent and for so long as any shares of 
Common Stock are listed on the NASDAQ or such other exchange, the Company 
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause any Registrable 
Securities covered by the applicable registration statement to be listed on 
the NASDAQ or such other exchange on which any of the Common Stock may then 
be listed or quoted.

18
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.2.Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights 
provided herein and granted by law, including recovery of damages, the 
Holders shall be entitled to specific performance of the rights under this 
Agreement. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate 
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the 
provisions of this Agreement and hereby agrees to waive the defense in any 
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, specific performance shall not be available 
with respect to the rights and obligations of the parties pursuant to 
Sections 2.14(a) and (b).

SECTION 3.3.Term. In the event that a given Holder ceases to “beneficially 
own” (as such term is defined under the Exchange act) one percent (1%) or 
more of the Common Stock, all of such Holder’s rights and obligations under 
this Agreement shall expire and such Holder will cease to be a “Holder” for 
all purposes hereunder without any further action of the Company or any 
other party hereto.

SECTION 3.4.Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, 
including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or 
supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions 
hereof may not be given, in each case without the written consent of the 
Company and the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities. No 
failure or delay by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any 
covenant, duty, agreement or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any 
right or remedy consequent upon any breach thereof shall constitute waiver 
of any such breach or any other covenant, duty, agreement or condition.

SECTION 3.5.Notices. All notices, requests, consents, and other 
communications hereunder to any party hereto shall be deemed to be 
sufficient if contained in a written instrument delivered in person or sent 
by facsimile, electronic mail, nationally recognized overnight courier, or 
first class registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage 
prepaid, addressed to such party at the address set forth below:

(a)if to a Holder, initially to the address, email and facsimile set forth 
on Schedule I opposite such Holder’s name or to such other address and to 
such other Persons as such Holder may hereafter specify in writing; and

(b)if to the Company, to:

 

Affinion Group Holdings, Inc.
6 High Ridge Park
Stamford, CT 06905
Attention:  Brian Fisher, Esq.
Facsimile: 203-956-1206
Electronic mail:  bfisher@affiniongroup.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
One Bryant Park
New York, NY 10036
Attention:  Rosa Testani, Esq.
                  Adam Weinstein, Esq.
Facsimile:  212-872-1002
Electronic mail:  rtestani@akingump.com
                           aweinstein@akingump.com

19
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.6.Successors and Assigns. Except pursuant to a sale of Common 
Stock and except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the rights and 
obligations of the Holders under this Agreement shall not be assignable by 
any Holder to any Person that is not a Holder (including any Person that 
becomes a Holder by means of purchase of Common Stock from a Holder as of 
the date hereof). This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto 
and their respective successors, assigns and transferees.

SECTION 3.7.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties and separate counterparts, each of 
which when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, and all 
of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same 
instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to 
this Agreement by electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a 
manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

SECTION 3.8.Choice of Laws; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury 
Trial.  The validity of this Agreement, the construction, interpretation, 
and enforcement hereof, and the rights of the parties hereto with respect 
to all matters arising hereunder or related hereto shall be determined 
under, governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with the 
internal laws of the State of New York without regard to any conflicts of 
laws principles (but including and giving effect to Sections 5-1401 and 
5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law) that would result in the 
application of the law of another jurisdiction.  Each party to this 
Agreement agrees that, in connection with any legal suit or proceeding 
arising with respect to this Agreement, it shall submit to the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the 
Southern District of New York or the applicable New York state court 
located in New York County and agrees to venue in such courts.  EACH OF THE 
PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY 
IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE 
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SECTION 3.9.Severability. In the event that any one or more of the 
provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any 
circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, 
legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect 
and of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be affected or 
impaired thereby.

SECTION 3.10.Entire Agreement. This Agreement is intended by the parties as 
a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and 
exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties 
hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no 
restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set 
forth or referred to herein with respect to the registration rights granted 
by the Company with respect to the Registrable Securities. This Agreement 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with 
respect to such subject matter.

SECTION 3.11.Headings. The section headings of this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to 
be part of this Agreement or otherwise affect the interpretation of this 
Agreement.

SECTION 3.12.No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing express or implied 
herein is intended or shall be construed to confer upon any person or 
entity, other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and 
assigns and all Indemnified Parties, any rights, remedies or other benefits 
under or by reason of this Agreement.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]

 

20
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date first written above.

 
 
COMPANY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Affinion Group Holdings, Inc.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Gregory S. Miller
 
 
 
Name:
Gregory S. Miller
 
 
 
Title:
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer
 
 

 
[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 


HOLDER
ARES DYNAMIC CREDIT ALLOCATION FUND, INC.
By:Ares Capital Management II LLC, its Adviser
 
 
By:  /s/ Daniel Hayward
Name:Daniel Hayward
Title:Authorized Signatory
ARES STRATEGIC INVESTMENT PARTNERS LTD.
 
BY:ARES STRATEGIC INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC, AS INVESTMENT MANAGER
 
 
By:  /s/ Daniel Hayward
Name:Daniel Hayward
Title:Authorized Signatory
 
FUTURE FUND BOARD OF GUARDIANS
 
BY:ARES ENHANCED LOAN INVESTMENT STRATEGY ADVISOR IV, L.P., ITS INVESTMENT 
MANAGER (ON BEHALF OF THE ASIP II SUB-ACCOUNT)
 
BY:ARES ENHANCED LOAN INVESTMENT STRATEGY ADVISOR IV GP, LLC, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER
 
 
By:  /s/ Daniel Hayward
Name:Daniel Hayward
Title:Authorized Signatory
 
ASIP (HOLDCO) IV S.À.R.L.
 
By:ASIP OPERATING MANAGER IV LLC, ITS INVESTMENT MANAGER
 
 
By:  /s/ Daniel Hayward
Name:Daniel Hayward
Title:Authorized Signatory
Transatlantic Reinsurance Company
 
By:Ares ASIP VII Management, L.P., its Portfolio Manager
 
By:Ares ASIP VII GP, LLC, its General Partner
 
 
By:  /s/ Daniel Hayward
Name:Daniel Hayward
Title:Authorized Signatory
RSUI Indemnity Company
 
By:Ares ASIP VII Management, L.P., its Portfolio Manager
 
By:Ares ASIP VII GP, LLC, its General Partner
 
 
By:  /s/ Daniel Hayward
Name: Daniel Hayward
Title:Authorized Signatory
 


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANTHEM, INC.
 
BY:ARES WLP MANAGEMENT L.P., ITS MANAGER
 
BY:ARES WLP MANAGEMENT GP LLC, ITS GENERAL PARTNER
 
 
By  /s/ Daniel Hayward
Name:Daniel Hayward
Title:Authorized Signatory
 
ARES SPECIAL SITUATIONS FUND III, L.P.
 
BY:ASSF OPERATING MANAGER III, LLC, ITS MANAGER
 
 
By:  /s/ Jeff Moore
Name:Jeff Moore
Title:Authorized Signatory
 
 


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
HOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIRD AVENUE TRUST, ON BEHALF OF THIRD AVENUE FOCUSED FUND
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
Third Avenue Management LLC, its investment adviser
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ W. James Hall
 
 
 
Name:
W. James Hall
 
 
 
Title:
General Counsel
 


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
HOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EMPYREAN CAPITAL MASTER OVERSEAS FUND, LTD.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ C. Martin Meekins
 
 
 
Name:
C. Martin Meekins
 
 
 
Title:
Authorized Person
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P EMP LTD.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ C. Martin Meekins
 
 
 
Name:
C. Martin Meekins
 
 
 
Title:
Authorized Person
 


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
HOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ALLIANZ GLOBAL INVESTORS U.S. LLC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Brit Stickney
 
 
 
Name:
Brit Stickney
 
 
 
Title:
Managing Director
 
 
On behalf of:
 
NAME:
AllianzGI Convertible & Income Fund - HY
AllianzGI Convertible & Income Fund II - HY
AllianzGI Income & Growth High Yield
Allianz US High Yield
Allianz Income and Growth Fund – High Yield Sleeve
Allianz Target Return Bond US – HY Sub
AllianzGI High Yield Bond Fund
Allianz US High Yield Selection 2


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
HOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PENNANTPARK INVESTMENT CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Arthur H. Penn
 
 
 
Name:
Arthur H. Penn
 
 
 
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
 


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
HOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Arthur H. Penn
 
 
 
Name:
Arthur H. Penn
 
 
 
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
 


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
HOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PENNANTPARK CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Arthur H. Penn
 
 
 
Name:
Arthur H. Penn
 
 
 
Title:
PennantPark Credit Opportunities Fund II, LP Managing Member of PennantPark 
Capital, LLC, the General Partner of the Fund
 


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
HOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Rich VanderMass
 
 
 
Name:
Rich VanderMass
 
 
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory
 


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
HOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Symphony Asset Management as Investment Advisor and/or Collateral Manager 
to clients who are Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Judith MacDonald
 
 
 
Name:
Judith MacDonald
 
 
 
Title:
General Counsel
 


[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
HOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Millco Advisors L.P.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Tim Chizak
 
 
 
Name:
Tim Chizak
 
 
 
Title:
CFO
 
 

 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Schedule I

Holders

Holder

Street Address

Fax

Email

Copy of Notice Sent to

Elliott Management Corp.

 

40 West 57th Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10019

 

 

 

Franklin Mutual Advisers, LLC, as investment adviser on behalf of certain 
funds and accounts

101 John F. Kennedy Parkway

Short Hills, NJ 07078

 

 

 

Metro SPV LLC

 

[___]

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A

AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.
FORM OF NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE

The undersigned beneficial holder of shares of common stock, par value 
$0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”), of Affinion Group Holdings, Inc. (the 
“Company”), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) one or more registration 
statements (collectively, the “Shelf Registration Statement”) for the 
registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), of the Registrable Securities in accordance 
with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 9, 2015 
(the “Registration Rights Agreement”), among the Company and the holders 
party thereto. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available 
from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Each beneficial owner of Registrable Securities is entitled to the benefits 
of the Registration Rights Agreement. In order to sell or otherwise dispose 
of any Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement, 
a beneficial owner of Registrable Securities generally will be required to 
be named as a selling security holder in the related prospectus, deliver a 
prospectus to purchasers of Registrable Securities and be bound by those 
provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement applicable to such 
beneficial owner (including certain indemnification provisions as described 
below). To be included in the Shelf Registration Statement, this Notice and 
Questionnaire must be completed, executed and delivered to the Company at 
the address set forth herein on or prior to the tenth business day before 
the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement. We will give notice 
of the filing and effectiveness of the initial Shelf Registration Statement 
by mailing a notice to the holders at their addresses set forth in the 
register of the registrar.

Beneficial owners that do not complete this Notice and Questionnaire and 
deliver it to the Company as provided below will not be named as selling 
security holders in the prospectus and therefore will not be permitted to 
sell any Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf Registration 
Statement. Beneficial owners are encouraged to complete and deliver this 
Notice and Questionnaire prior to the effectiveness of the initial Shelf 
Registration Statement so that such beneficial owners may be named as 
selling security holders in the related prospectus at the time of 
effectiveness. Upon receipt of a completed Notice and Questionnaire from a 
beneficial owner following the effectiveness of the initial Shelf 
Registration Statement, in accordance with the Registration Rights 
Agreement, the Company will file such amendments to the initial Shelf 
Registration Statement or additional shelf registration statements or 
supplements to the related prospectus as are necessary to permit such 
holder to deliver such prospectus to purchasers of Registrable Securities.

Certain legal consequences arise from being named as selling security 
holders in the Shelf Registration Statement and the related prospectus. 
Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are 
advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the 
consequences of being named or not being named as a selling security holder 
in the Shelf Registration Statement and the related prospectus.


 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial owner (the “Selling Security Holder”) of 
Registrable Securities hereby elects to include in the prospectus forming a 
part of the Shelf Registration Statement the Registrable Securities 
beneficially owned by it and listed below in Item 3 (unless otherwise 
specified under Item 3). The undersigned, by signing and returning this 
Notice and Questionnaire, understands that it will be bound by the terms 
and conditions of this Notice and Questionnaire and the Registration Rights 
Agreement.

Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the undersigned has agreed 
to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors, officers and 
each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of either 
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from 
and against certain losses arising in connection with statements concerning 
the undersigned made in the Shelf Registration Statement or the related 
prospectus in reliance upon the information provided in this Notice and 
Questionnaire.

The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company 
and represents and warrants to the Company that such information is 
accurate and complete:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1.(a) Full Legal Name of Selling Security Holder:

(b) Full Legal Name of registered holder (if not the same as (a) above) 
through which Registrable Securities listed in Item (3) below are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of DTC Participant (if applicable and if not the same 
as (b) above) through which Registrable Securities listed in Item (3) below 
are held:

(d) List below the individual or individuals who exercise voting and/or 
dispositive powers with respect to the Registrable Securities listed in 
Item (3) below:

2.Address for Notices to Selling Security Holder:

Telephone:
Fax:
E-mail address:
Contact Person:

3.Beneficial Ownership of Registrable Securities:

Type of Registrable Securities beneficially owned, and number of shares of 
Class B Common Stock beneficially owned:

4.Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling 
Security Holder:

Except as set forth below in this Item (4), the undersigned is not the 
beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company, other than 
the Registrable Securities listed above in Item (3).

Type and amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling 
Security Holder:

5.Relationship with the Company

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its 
affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (5% or more) 
has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship 
with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three 
years.

State any exceptions here:

6.Plan of Distribution

Except as set forth below, the undersigned (including its donees or 
pledgees) intends to distribute the Registrable Securities listed above in 
Item (3) pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement only as follows and 
will not be offering any of such Registrable Securities pursuant to an 
agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into with a broker or 
dealer prior to the effective date of the Shelf Registration Statement. 
Such Registrable Securities may be sold from time to time directly by the 
undersigned or, alternatively, through underwriters or broker-dealers or 
agents. If the Registrable Securities are sold through underwriters or 
broker-dealers, the Selling Security Holder will be responsible for 
underwriting discounts or commissions or agent’s commissions. Such 
Registrable Securities may be sold in one or more transactions at fixed 
prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at varying prices 
determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. Such sales may be 
effected in transactions (which may involve crosses or block transactions)

(i) on any national securities exchange or quotation service on which the 
Registrable Securities may be listed or quoted at the time of sale;

(ii) in the over-the-counter market;

(iii) in transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or services or in 
the over-the-counter market; or

(iv) through the writing of options.

In connection with sales of the Registrable Securities or otherwise, the 
undersigned may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers, which 
may in turn engage in short sales of the Registrable Securities and deliver 
Registrable Securities to close out such short positions, or loan or pledge 
Registrable Securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell such 
securities.

State any exceptions here:

Note: In no event may such method(s) of distribution take the form of an 
underwritten offering of the Registrable Securities without the prior 
written agreement of the Company.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The undersigned acknowledges that it understands its obligation to comply 
with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules thereunder relating to stock manipulation, particularly 
Regulation M thereunder (or any successor rules or regulations), in 
connection with any offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to the 
Registration Rights Agreement. The undersigned agrees that neither it nor 
any person acting on its behalf will engage in any transaction in violation 
of such provisions.

The Selling Security Holder hereby acknowledges its obligations under the 
Registration Rights Agreement to indemnify and hold harmless certain 
persons set forth therein. Pursuant to the Registration

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed under certain circumstances to 
indemnify the Selling Security Holders against certain liabilities.

In accordance with the undersigned’s obligation under the Registration 
Rights Agreement to provide such information as may be required by law for 
inclusion in the Shelf Registration Statement, the undersigned agrees to 
promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies or changes in the 
information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at 
any time while the Shelf Registration Statement remains effective. All 
notices hereunder and pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement shall 
be made in writing at the address set forth below.

In the event that the undersigned transfers all or any portion of the 
Registrable Securities listed in Item 3 above after the date on which such 
information is provided to the Company, the undersigned agrees to notify 
the transferee(s) at the time of transfer of its rights and obligations 
under this Notice and Questionnaire and the Registration Rights Agreement.

By signing this Notice and Questionnaire, the undersigned consents to the 
disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items (1) 
through (6) above and the inclusion of such information in the Shelf 
Registration Statement and the related prospectus. The undersigned 
understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in 
connection with the preparation or amendment of the Shelf Registration 
Statement and the related prospectus.

Once this Notice and Questionnaire is executed by the Selling Security 
Holder and received by the Company, the terms of this Notice and 
Questionnaire and the representations and warranties contained herein shall 
be binding on, shall insure to the benefit of and shall be enforceable by 
the respective successors, heirs, personal representatives and assigns of 
the Company and the Selling Security Holder with respect to the Registrable 
Securities beneficially owned by such Selling Security Holder and listed in 
Item 3 above.

This Notice and Questionnaire shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused 
this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person 
or by its duly authorized agent.

 
 
Beneficial Owner
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
Dated:
 
 

Please return the completed and executed Notice and Questionnaire to:

 
Affinion Group Holdings, Inc.
6 High Ridge Park
Stamford, CT 06905
Attention:  Brian Fisher, Esq.
Facsimile: 203-956-1206
Electronic mail:  bfisher@affiniongroup.com
 

 
 