 EX-10.8 13 filename13.htm
Exhibit 10.8
 
Form of Promissory Note
 

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT 
ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF 
REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION 
OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE 
MAKER THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.
 
PROMISSORY NOTE
 
$[_________]	Issue Date: [DATE]
No. A-[_____]	New York, New York
 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC (the “Maker”) promises to pay to the 
order of [Daniel G. Cohen or affiliate] (the “Payee”) the principal sum of 
[_________] ($[_______]) in lawful money of the United States of America, 
on the terms and conditions described below.
 
1. Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be repayable on the 
earlier of (a) the date on which FinTech Acquisition Corp. II (“FinTech”) 
consummates a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock 
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more 
businesses (the “Initial Business Combination”) and (b) the date that is 24 
months following the completion (excluding any exercise of the 
underwriters’ over-allotment option) of the initial public offering (the “
IPO”) of FinTech’s units (the “Maturity Date”), unless repaid earlier 
pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.
 
2. Interest. This Note shall bear no interest.
 
3. Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment 
in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this 
Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys' fees, then to 
the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the 
unpaid principal balance of this Note.
 
4. Conversion. At the Maturity Date, by providing written notice to Payee, 
Maker may elect to satisfy the repayment of any portion or all of the 
amount outstanding under this Note with warrants to purchase shares of 
common stock (or comparable equity interests) of the entity surviving or 
resulting from the Initial Business Combination at a conversion price of 
$0.75 per one half of one warrant. The terms and conditions of such 
warrants shall be as described in the registration statement and prospectus 
(together, the “Registration Statement”) filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO.
 
5. Events of Default. The following shall constitute Events of Default:
 
(a) Failure by Maker to pay the principal of, or other payments on, this 
Note within five (5) business days following the date when due.
 
(b) The liquidation, dissolution or transfer of all or substantially all 
assets of FinTech, other than in connection with an Initial Business 
Combination.
 
(c) The Maker commences any case, proceeding or other action (i) under any 
existing or future law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
or other relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered 
with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, 
or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, 
liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or 
its debts or (ii) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, 
conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial 
part of its assets, or the Maker makes a general assignment for the benefit 
of its creditors.
 

 

 

 
6. Remedies.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in 
Sections 5(b) and (c), Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this 
Note to be due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of this Note, 
and all other amounts payable under this Note, shall become immediately due 
and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein 
or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.
 
7. Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, 
this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, 
protest, and notice of protest with regard to this Note, all errors, 
defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the 
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue 
of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or 
any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from 
attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of 
execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; 
and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a 
judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, 
may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by 
Payee.
 
8. Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection 
with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the 
payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, 
without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be 
affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, 
waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to 
any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that 
may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of 
this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or 
sureties may become parties hereto without notice to them or affecting 
their liability hereunder.
 
9. Notices. Any notice called for hereunder shall be deemed properly given 
if (i) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, (ii) personally 
delivered, (iii) dispatched by any form of private or governmental express 
mail or delivery service providing receipted delivery, (iv) sent by 
facsimile or (v) sent by e-mail, to the following addresses or to such 
other address as either party may designate by notice in accordance with 
this Section:
 
If to Maker:
 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC
712 Fifth Avenue
8th Floor
New York, New York 10019
Attention: Daniel G. Cohen
Email: dcohen@thebancorp.com
 
If to Payee:
 
[Daniel G. Cohen or affiliate]
[______]
[______]
Attention: [________]
Facsimile: [______]
Email: [______]
 
Notice shall be deemed given on the earlier of (i) actual receipt by the 
receiving party, (ii) the date shown on a telefacsimile transmission 
confirmation, (iii) the date on which an e-mail transmission was received 
by the receiving party's on-line access provider, (iv) the date reflected 
on a signed delivery receipt, or (vi) two (2) business days following 
tender of delivery or dispatch by express mail or delivery service.
 
10. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW 
PROVISIONS THEREOF.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
11. Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited 
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be 
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without 
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or 
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
12. Trust Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the 
Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind 
(“Claim”) in or to any distribution of the trust account (other than 
interest income earned on such trust account) in which the proceeds of the 
IPO and the proceeds of the sale of the securities issued in a private 
placement to be consummated at or prior to the completion of the IPO, as 
described in greater detail in the Registration Statement, and hereby 
agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any 
Claim against the trust account (other than interest income earned on such 
trust account) for any reason whatsoever.
 
13. Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision 
hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker 
and the Payee.
 
14. Assignment. No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or 
obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law 
or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto 
and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 

  	3 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused 
this Note to be duly executed the day and year first above written.
 
  	FINTECH INVESTOR HOLDINGS II, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	
  	Name: 	Daniel G. Cohen
  	Title: 	Manager
 
 
 
 
[Signature Page – Promissory Note – Loan to Sponsor]
 
 
4
 
 