 EX-10.1 2 d313916dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is entered into as of 
this 3rd day of January, 2017 (the Effective Date), by and between 
Anthony Callini (the Executive) and Monotype Imaging Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the Company).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Executive, and Executive desires to 
be employed by the Company;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants 
herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.    Effective Date; Employment. Subject to the provisions of Section 5, 
on the Effective Date the Company agrees to employ Executive and Executive 
agrees to be an employee and perform services for the Company, upon the 
terms as hereinafter set forth.

2.    Duties; Extent of Service. During Executives employment under this 
Agreement, Executive (a) shall serve as an employee of the Company with the 
title and position of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, 
reporting to the Board of Directors (or the Chief Executive Officer, as 
appropriate) of the Company, (b) shall have such executive responsibilities 
consistent with the foregoing title and position as the Board of Directors 
(or the Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate) of the Company shall from 
time to time designate, provided that, in all cases Executive shall be 
subject to the oversight and supervision of the Board of Directors (or the 
Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate) of the Company in the performance 
of his duties, (c) upon the request of the Board of Directors (or the Chief 
Executive Officer, as appropriate) of the Company, shall serve as an 
officer and/or director of any of the Companys subsidiaries, and (d) shall 
render all services reasonably incident to the foregoing. Executive hereby 
accepts such employment, agrees to serve the Company in the capacities 
indicated, and agrees to use Executives reasonable best efforts in, and 
shall devote Executives full working time, attention, skill and energies 
to, the advancement of the interests of the Company and its subsidiaries 
and the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder. 
The foregoing, however, shall not be construed as preventing Executive from 
(i) engaging in religious, charitable or other community or non-profit 
activities, or (ii) managing Executives personal investments and business 
interests, in each case in a manner that does not impair Executives 
ability to fulfill Executives duties and responsibilities under this 
Agreement (the activities described in clauses (i) and (ii), the Permitted 
Activities).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.    Salary and Bonus.

(a)    During Executives employment under this Agreement, the Company 
shall pay Executive a salary at the annual rate of $315,000.00 per annum 
(the Base Salary). Such Base Salary shall be subject to withholding under 
applicable law, and shall be payable in periodic installments in accordance 
with the Companys usual payroll practice for executive officers of the 
Company as in effect from time to time.

(b)    Executive shall be eligible to participate in any group bonus or 
other group performance plan established by the Board of Directors from 
time to time for senior management of the Company.

4.    Benefits.

(a)    During Executives employment under this Agreement, Executive shall 
be entitled to participate in any and all medical, pension, profit sharing, 
dental and life insurance plans and disability income plans, retirement 
arrangements and other employment benefits, including option plans, as in 
effect from time to time for similarly situated senior management of the 
Company generally. Such participation shall be subject to (i) the terms of 
the applicable plan documents (including, as applicable, provisions 
granting discretion to the Board of Directors of the Company or any 
administrative or other committee provided for therein or contemplated 
thereby), and (ii) generally applicable policies of the Company. Executive 
shall be eligible to participate in all such plans and other benefits as of 
the Effective Date.

(b)    During Executives employment under this Agreement, Executive shall 
be entitled to earn paid vacation annually in accordance with the Companys 
practices for executive officers, as in effect from time to time.

(c)    The Company shall promptly reimburse Executive for all reasonable 
business expenses incurred by Executive during Executives employment 
hereunder in accordance with the Companys practices for senior executive 
officers of the Company, as in effect from time to time.

(d)    Except to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement, 
compliance with the provisions of this Section 4 shall in no way create or 
be deemed to create any obligation, express or implied, on the part of the 
Company or any of its affiliates with respect to the continuation of any 
particular benefit or other plan or arrangement maintained by them or their 
subsidiaries as of or prior to the Effective Date or the creation and 
maintenance of any particular benefit or other plan or arrangement at any 
time after the Effective Date.

5.    Termination and Termination Benefits. Executives employment may 
terminate without breach of this Agreement under the following 
circumstances:

(a)    Termination by the Company for Cause. Executives employment may be 
terminated for Cause without further liability on the part of the Company 
or any affiliate thereof effective immediately upon a vote of the Board of 
Directors of the Company (or determination by the Chief Executive Officer, 
as appropriate) and written notice to Executive. Upon Executives 
termination for Cause, the Company shall pay or provide to the Executive 
(or to his
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
authorized representative or estate) (i) any Base Salary earned through the 
effective date of termination of Executives employment with the Company 
and all of its subsidiaries (the Date of Termination) and not theretofore 
paid, (ii) any accrued vacation pay to the extent earned and payable in 
connection with the termination of employment pursuant to the Companys 
policy and (iii) any vested benefits Executive may have under any employee 
benefit plan of the Company through the Date of Termination, which vested 
benefits shall be paid and/or provided in accordance with the terms of such 
employee benefit plans (the Accrued Obligations). Only the following 
shall constitute Cause for such termination:

(i)    any act, whether or not involving the Company or any of its 
affiliates or their respective businesses, of fraud, gross misconduct or 
harassment that materially and adversely affects the Company;

(ii)    any act of dishonesty, deceit or illegality, in any such case, 
materially and adversely affecting the Company;

(iii)    the commission of Executive of, or indictment of Executive for (A) 
a felony, or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude (indictment, 
for these purposes, meaning an indictment, or determination of probable 
cause in a probable cause hearing or any other similar procedure pursuant 
to which an initial determination of probable cause with respect to such 
offense is made), if, in the case of an indictment, such indictment has 
material adverse effect on the Company;

(iv)    the commission, in the reasonable judgment of the Board of 
Directors of the Company, of an act involving a violation of procedures or 
policies of the Company which are material to the Company;

(v)    a material and sustained failure of Executive to perform the duties 
and responsibilities assigned or delegated under this Agreement, which such 
failure continues for thirty (30) days after written notice has been given 
to Executive by the Board of Directors (or the Chief Executive Officer, as 
appropriate);

(vi)    gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive related to his 
job duties or responsibilities; or

(vii)    a breach by Executive of any of Executives obligations under 
Section 6 below.

(b)    Termination by Executive Other than for Good Reason. Executives 
employment may be terminated by Executive without further liability on the 
part of Executive (other than with respect to those provisions of this 
Agreement expressly surviving such termination) by written notice to the 
Board of Directors at least sixty (60) days prior to such termination; 
provided, however, the Company may waive the notice period and accelerate 
the termination date without converting the Termination by Executive into a 
Termination by the Company. Upon a termination by Executive other than for 
Good Reason, the Company shall pay or provide to the Executive (or to his 
authorized representative or estate) the Accrued Obligations.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    Termination by Executive for Good Reason. Subject to the payment of 
Termination Benefits pursuant to Sections 5(e) or 5(h) below, as 
applicable, Executives employment also may be terminated by Executive for 
Good Reason (as defined below). For purposes of this Agreement, Good 
Reason shall mean that Executive has complied with the Good Reason 
Process (hereinafter defined) following the occurrence of any of the 
following events: (i) a material diminution in Executives 
responsibilities, authority or duties; (ii) a material diminution in 
Executives Base Salary except for across-the-board salary reductions based 
on the Companys financial performance similarly affecting all or 
substantially all senior management employees of the Company; (iii) a 
material change in the geographic location at which Executive provides 
services to the Company; or (iv) the material breach of this Agreement by 
the Company. Good Reason Process shall mean that (i) Executive reasonably 
determines in good faith that a Good Reason condition has occurred; (ii) 
Executive notifies the Company in writing of the occurrence of the Good 
Reason condition within 60 days of the occurrence of such condition; (iii) 
Executive cooperates in good faith with the Companys efforts, for a period 
not less than 30 days following such notice (the Cure Period), to remedy 
the condition; (iv) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason condition 
continues to exist; and (v) Executive terminates his employment within 60 
days after the end of the Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason 
condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have 
occurred.

(d)    Termination by the Company Without Cause. Subject to the payment of 
Termination Benefits pursuant to Sections 5(e) or 5(h) below, as 
applicable, Executives employment may be terminated without Cause by the 
Company by a vote of the Board of Directors of the Company (or 
determination by the Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate) upon written 
notice to Executive. It is expressly agreed and understood that if 
Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause as 
provided in this Section 5(d), it shall not impair, limit or otherwise 
affect Executives Continuing Obligations (as defined below).

(e)    Certain Termination Benefits. Unless otherwise specifically provided 
in this Agreement or otherwise required by law, all compensation and 
benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement shall terminate on the 
Date of Termination of Executives employment under this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of termination of Executives 
employment with the Company pursuant to Section 5(c) or Section 5(d) above, 
then in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to the signing of 
the Release Agreement (defined below) by Executive and the Release 
Agreement becoming irrevocable, all within 60 days after the Date of 
Termination, the Company shall provide to Executive the following 
termination benefits (Termination Benefits):

(i)    to the extent not paid prior to the date of Executives Date of 
Termination, Executives annual cash bonus for the year prior to the year 
in which Executives employment was terminated, determined based upon the 
Companys and Executives actual performance, paid as and when such annual 
cash bonuses are paid to similarly situated active employees of the 
Company, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year in which 
Executives Date of Termination occurs; and

(ii)    an amount equal to Executives annual cash bonus for the year in 
which Executives employment is terminated, determined based upon the 
Companys and
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Executives actual performance, multiplied by a fraction the numerator of 
which is the number of days in the year up to the Date of Termination and 
the denominator of which is 365, paid as and when such annual cash bonuses 
are paid to similarly situated active employees of the Company but in no 
event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the year in which 
Executives Date of Termination occurs; and

(iii)    payment equal to Executives Base Salary as in effect on the Date 
of Termination for a period of twelve months from the Date of Termination 
(payment shall be subject to withholding under applicable law and shall be 
made in periodic installments in accordance with the Companys usual 
payroll practice for executive officers of the Company as in effect from 
time to time); and

(iv)    provided Executive elects and remains eligible for the continuation 
of group health plan benefits pursuant to 29 U.S.C. § 1161 et seq. 
(commonly known as COBRA), the Company will pay to Executive a monthly 
cash payment, in an amount equal to the monthly employer contribution that 
the Company would have made to provide health insurance to Executive if 
Executive had remained employed by the Company, through the earliest of: 
(1) twelve months after the Date of Termination, (2) the date when 
Executive becomes eligible for group medical plan participation under any 
subsequent employers group medical plan, or (3) the date Executive is no 
longer eligible for COBRA.

The Company shall have the right to terminate all of the Termination 
Benefits set forth herein in the event that Executive fails to comply in 
any material respect with Executives Continuing Obligations under this 
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 5(e) 
shall be construed to affect Executives right to receive COBRA 
continuation entirely at Executives own cost to the extent that Executive 
may continue to be entitled to COBRA continuation after Executives right 
to cost sharing under Section 5(e)(iv) ceases. The Company and Executive 
agree that the Termination Benefits paid by the Company to Executive under 
this Section 5(e) shall be in full satisfaction, compromise and release of 
any claims arising exclusively out of any termination of Executives 
employment pursuant to Section 5(c) or Section 5(d), and that the payment 
of the Termination Benefits shall be contingent upon Executives delivery 
of a separation agreement in a form satisfactory to the Company that shall 
include a general release of claims in favor of the Company and related 
persons and entities and any other separation agreement terms that the 
Company determines to include (Release Agreement), it being understood 
that no Termination Benefits shall be provided unless and until such 
Release Agreement becomes fully effective. The Company may pay or commence 
payment of the Termination Benefits hereunder at any time within 60 days 
after the Date of Termination; provided, however, that if the 60-day 
period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, the 
Termination Benefits shall be paid or commence to be paid in the second 
calendar year by the last day of such 60-day period.

(f)    Disability. The Company may terminate Executives employment if he 
is disabled and unable to perform the essential functions of Executives 
then existing position or positions under this Agreement with or without 
reasonable accommodation for a period of 365 days (which need not be 
consecutive) in any 18-month period. If any question shall arise as to 
whether during any period Executive is disabled so as to be unable to 
perform the essential
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
functions of Executives then existing position or positions with or 
without reasonable accommodation, Executive may, and at the request of the 
Company shall, submit to the Company a certification in reasonable detail 
by a physician selected by the Company to whom Executive or Executives 
guardian has no reasonable objection as to whether Executive is so disabled 
or how long such disability is expected to continue, and such certification 
shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue. 
Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in 
connection with such certification. If such question shall arise and 
Executive shall fail to submit such certification, the Companys 
determination of such issue shall be binding on Executive. Upon a 
termination of Executives employment due to disability, the Company shall 
pay or provide to the Executive (or to his authorized representative or 
estate) the Accrued Obligations. Nothing in this Section 5(f) shall be 
construed to waive Executives rights, if any, under existing law 
including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 
U.S.C. §2601 et seq. and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 
§12101 et seq.

(g)    Death. Executives employment and all obligations of the Company 
hereunder shall terminate in the event of the death of Executive other than 
any obligation to pay the Accrued Obligations to the Executives designated 
beneficiary or his estate.

(h)    Change in Control Payment. The provisions of this Section 5(h) set 
forth certain terms of an agreement reached between the Executive and the 
Company regarding the Executives rights and obligations upon the 
occurrence of a Change in Control of the Company. These provisions are 
intended to assure and encourage in advance the Executives continued 
attention and dedication to his assigned duties and his objectivity during 
the pendency and after the occurrence of any such event. These provisions 
shall apply in lieu of, and expressly supersede, the provisions of Section 
5(e) regarding severance pay and benefits upon a termination of employment, 
if such termination of employment occurs within twelve months after the 
occurrence of the first event constituting a Change in Control. These 
provisions shall terminate and be of no further force or effect beginning 
twelve months after the occurrence of a Change in Control.

(i)    Change in Control. If within twelve months after a Change in 
Control, the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without 
Cause as provided in Section 5(d) or the Executive terminates his 
employment for Good Reason as provided in Section 5(c), then, in addition 
to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to the signing of the Release 
Agreement by Executive and the Release Agreement becoming irrevocable, all 
within 60 days after the Date of Termination, then the Company shall 
provide to Executive the following Termination Benefits:

(A)    to the extent not paid prior to Executives Date of Termination, 
Executives annual cash bonus for the year prior to the year in which 
Executives employment was terminated, determined based upon the Companys 
and Executives actual performance, paid as and when such annual cash 
bonuses are paid to similarly situated active employees of the Company but 
in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year in which Executives 
Date of Termination occurs; and
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B)    an amount equal to Executives target annual cash bonus opportunity, 
assuming full attainment of Company milestones at target level (Target 
Bonus) for the year in which the Change in Control occurs, or the year in 
which Executives employment is terminated, whichever is greater, 
multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days in 
the year up to the Date of Termination and the denominator of which is 365, 
paid in cash in a lump sum; and

(C)    payment equal to the sum of (1) Executives Base Salary as in effect 
on the Date of Termination or the date of the Change in Control, whichever 
is greater; plus (2) Executives Target Bonus for the year in which the 
Executives employment is terminated, or, in the event such Target Bonus 
has not yet been established, Executives Target Bonus for the year prior 
to the year in which Executives employment was terminated, paid in cash in 
a lump sum (payment shall be subject to withholding under applicable law); 
and

(D)    provided Executive elects and remains eligible for COBRA benefits, 
the Company will pay to Executive a monthly cash payment through the 
earliest of: (1) twelve months after the Date of Termination, (2) the date 
when Executive becomes eligible for group medical plan participation under 
any subsequent employers group medical plan, or (3) the date Executive is 
no longer eligible for COBRA, in an amount equal to the monthly employer 
contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance 
to Executive if Executive had remained employed by the Company.

The Company shall have the right to terminate all of the Termination 
Benefits set forth herein in the event that Executive fails to comply in 
any material respect with Executives Continuing Obligations under this 
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 5(h) 
shall be construed to affect Executives right to receive COBRA 
continuation entirely at Executives own cost to the extent that Executive 
may continue to be entitled to COBRA continuation after Executives right 
to cost sharing under Section 5(h)(i)(D) ceases. The Company and Executive 
agree that the Termination Benefits paid by the Company to Executive under 
this Section 5(h) shall be in full satisfaction, compromise and release of 
any claims arising exclusively out of any termination of Executives 
employment pursuant to Section 5(c) or Section 5(d) within the twelve month 
period following a Change in Control, and that the payment of the 
Termination Benefits shall be contingent upon Executives delivery of a 
Release Agreement, it being understood that no Termination Benefits shall 
be provided unless and until such Release Agreement becomes fully 
effective. The Company may pay or commence payment of the Termination 
Benefits hereunder at any time within 60 days after the Date of 
Termination; provided, however, that if the 60-day period begins in one 
calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, the Termination Benefits 
shall be paid or commence to be paid in the second calendar year by the 
last day of such 60-day period.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii)    Additional Limitation.

(A)    Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the 
event that the amount of any compensation, payment or distribution by the 
Company to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable or 
distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or 
otherwise, calculated in a manner consistent with Section 280G of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) and the applicable 
regulations thereunder (the Aggregate Payments), would be subject to the 
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Aggregate Payments 
shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the sum of all of the 
Aggregate Payments shall be $1.00 less than the amount at which the 
Executive becomes subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the 
Code; provided that such reduction shall only occur if it would result in 
the Executive receiving a higher After Tax Amount (as defined below) than 
the Executive would receive if the Aggregate Payments were not subject to 
such reduction. In such event, the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced in 
the following order, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning 
with the Aggregate Payments that are to be paid the furthest in time from 
consummation of the transaction that is subject to Section 280G of the 
Code: (1) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code; (2) cash 
payments subject to Section 409A of the Code; (3) equity-based payments and 
acceleration; and (4) non-cash forms of benefits; provided that in the case 
of all the foregoing Aggregate Payments all amounts or payments that are 
not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. §1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c) 
shall be reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under 
Treas. Reg. §1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c).

(B)    For purposes of this Section 5(h)(ii), the After Tax Amount means 
the amount of the Aggregate Payments less all federal, state, and local 
income, excise and employment taxes imposed on the Executive as a result of 
the Executives receipt of the Aggregate Payments. For purposes of 
determining the After Tax Amount, the Executive shall be deemed to pay 
federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income 
taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the 
determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the 
highest marginal rates of individual taxation in each applicable state and 
locality, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could 
be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes.

(C)    The determination as to whether a reduction in the Aggregate 
Payments shall be made pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) shall be made by a 
nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company (the 
Accounting Firm), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations 
both to the Company and the Executive within 15 business days of the Date 
of Termination, if applicable, or at such earlier time as is reasonably 
requested by the Company or the Executive. Any determination by the 
Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii)    Definitions. For purposes of this Section 5, Change in Control 
shall mean (i) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the 
Company on a consolidated basis to an unrelated person or entity, (ii) a 
merger, reorganization or consolidation pursuant to which the outstanding 
shares of the Companys capital stock are converted into or exchanged for 
securities of the successor entity and the holders of the Companys 
outstanding voting power immediately prior to such transaction do not own a 
majority of the outstanding voting power of the successor entity (or 
ultimate parent) immediately upon completion of such transaction, (iii) the 
sale of all of the Companys outstanding capital stock to an unrelated 
person or entity, or (iv) any other transaction in which, the owners of the 
Companys outstanding voting power prior to such transaction do not own at 
least a majority of the outstanding voting power of the successor entity 
(or ultimate parent) immediately upon completion of the transaction; 
provided, that such transaction also constitutes a change in ownership or 
effective control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial 
portion of the assets of the Company, determined in accordance with Section 
409A of the Code.

(i)    Continuing Obligations. Notwithstanding termination of this 
Agreement as provided in this Section 5 or any other termination of 
Executives employment with the Company, Executives obligations under 
Section 6 hereof (collectively, the Continuing Obligations) shall survive 
any termination of Executives employment with the Company at any time and 
for any reason.

6.    Confidentiality; Proprietary Rights; Non-Competition and 
Non-Solicitation.

(a)    In the course of performing services on behalf of the Company (for 
purposes of this Section 6 including all predecessors of the Company) and 
its affiliates, Executive has had and from time to time will have access to 
Confidential Information (as defined below). Executive agrees (i) to hold 
the Confidential Information in strict confidence, (ii) not to disclose the 
Confidential Information to any person (other than in the regular business 
of the Company or its affiliates), and (iii) not to use, directly or 
indirectly, any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than 
on behalf of the Company and its affiliates or in connection with the 
Permitted Activities. All documents, records, data, apparatus, equipment 
and other physical property, whether or not pertaining to Confidential 
Information, that are furnished to Executive by the Company, its affiliates 
or any subsidiary thereof or are produced by Executive in connection with 
Executives employment will be and remain the sole property of the Company, 
its affiliates or such subsidiary, as applicable. Upon the termination of 
Executives employment with the Company and its subsidiaries for any reason 
and as and when otherwise requested by the Company, all Confidential 
Information (including, without limitation, all data, memoranda, customer 
lists, notes, programs and other papers and items, and reproductions 
thereof relating to the foregoing matters) in Executives possession or 
control, shall be immediately returned to the Company. The term 
Confidential Information shall mean all information pertaining to the 
Company, its affiliates or any subsidiary thereof which is not publicly 
available or the disclosure of which could result in a competitive or other 
disadvantage to the Company, its affiliates or any subsidiary thereof. 
Confidential Information may include
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
information, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, in written, oral, 
electronic or other tangible or intangible forms, stored in any medium, 
including, by way of example and without limitation, trade secrets, ideas, 
concepts, designs, configurations, specifications, drawings, blueprints, 
diagrams, models, prototypes, samples, flow charts processes, techniques, 
formulas, software, improvements, inventions, data, know-how, discoveries, 
copyrightable materials, marketing plans and strategies, sales and 
financial reports and forecasts, cost and performance data, debt 
arrangements, equity structure, purchasing and sales data, price lists, 
customer lists, studies, reports, records, books, contracts, instruments, 
surveys, computer disks, diskettes, tapes, computer programs, corporate 
information, including, by way of example and without limitation, policies, 
resolutions, negotiations or litigation, operational information, personnel 
information and business plans, prospects and opportunities (such as 
possible acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or facilities) which 
have been discussed or considered by the management of the Company, its 
affiliates or any subsidiary thereof (and of which Executive has 
knowledge). Confidential Information includes information developed by 
Executive in the course of Executives employment by the Company and its 
subsidiaries, as well as other information to which Executive may have 
access in connection with Executives employment. Confidential Information 
also includes the confidential information of others with which the 
Company, its affiliates or any subsidiary thereof has a business 
relationship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does 
not include information in the public domain, unless due to breach of 
Executives duties under this Section 6(a).

(b)    Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to limit 
Executives ability to communicate with any federal, state or local 
governmental agency or commission, including to provide documents or other 
information, without notice to the Company. In addition, nothing in this 
Agreement shall be construed to limit Executives ability to share 
compensation information concerning Executive or others, except that this 
does not permit Executive to disclose compensation information concerning 
others that Executive obtains because Executives job responsibilities 
require or allow access to such information.

(c)    Pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive 
shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state 
trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) 
in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either 
directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose 
of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made 
in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if 
such filing is made under seal.

(d)    Executive hereby confirms that Executive is not bound by the terms 
of any agreement that restricts in any way Executives use or disclosure of 
information relevant to the business or activities in which the Company or 
its subsidiaries are currently engaged in (Company Business) or 
Executives engagement in any business. Executive represents to the Company 
that Executives execution of this Agreement, Executives employment with 
the Company and the performance of Executives proposed duties for the 
Company will not violate any obligations Executive may have to any other 
party. In Executives work for the Company, Executive will not disclose or 
make use of any information in violation of any agreements with or rights 
of any such other party, and Executive will not bring to the premises of 
the Company any copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public 
information belonging to or obtained from any such previous employment or 
other party.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e)    During and after Executives employment, Executive shall reasonably 
cooperate with the Company in the defense, procurement, maintenance and 
enforcement of (i) any claims or actions (other than those brought by 
Executive) now in existence or which may be brought in the future against 
or on behalf of the Company, its affiliates or any subsidiary thereof that 
relate to events or occurrences that transpired while Executive was 
employed by the Company, and (ii) Intellectual Property Rights (as defined 
below) in Company-Related Developments (as defined below). Executives full 
cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but 
not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for 
discovery or trial and to act as a witness at mutually convenient times but 
shall not include, for any period after Executives employment with the 
Company has terminated, any activities that materially interfere with 
Executives new employment obligations. During and after Executives 
employment, Executive also shall reasonably cooperate in connection with 
any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory 
authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or 
occurrences that transpired while Executive was employed by the Company (to 
the extent such cooperation does not conflict with or impair Executives 
legal rights in connection with any such matter). Executive will sign all 
papers, including, without limitation, copyright applications, patent 
applications, declarations, oaths, assignments of priority rights, and 
powers of attorney, which the Company may reasonably deem necessary or 
desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any 
Company-Related Development. If the Company is unable, after reasonable 
effort, to secure Executives signature on any such papers, Executive 
hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each officer of the Company as 
Executives agent and attorney-in-fact to execute and file any such papers 
on Executives behalf as the Company may deem reasonably necessary or 
desirable in order to properly assign to the Company all rights and 
interests of Executive in any Company-Related Development. The Company 
shall reimburse Executive for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses 
incurred in connection with Executives performance of obligations pursuant 
to this Section 6(c).

(f)    Executive recognizes that the Company and its affiliates possess a 
proprietary interest in all of the information described in Section 6(a) 
and have the right and privilege to use, protect by copyright, patent or 
trademark, or otherwise exploit the processes, ideas and concepts described 
therein to the exclusion of Executive, except as otherwise agreed between 
the Company and Executive in writing and subject to Executives ability to 
participate in the Permitted Activities. Executive expressly agrees that 
all work performed by Executive is on a work for hire basis, and 
Executive hereby does assign and transfer, and will assign and transfer, to 
the Company and its successors and assigns all of Executives right, title 
and interest in all works of authorship, speeches, products, developments, 
inventions, discoveries, improvements, and creative works (whether or not 
able to be protected by copyright, patent or trademark) created during 
Executives employment with the Company that (i) relate to the business of 
the Company or any subsidiary thereof or any client of the Company or any 
subsidiary thereof or any of the products or services being researched, 
developed, manufactured or sold by the Company or any subsidiary thereof or 
which may be used with such products or services, (ii) result from tasks 
assigned to Executive by the Company or any subsidiary thereof; or (iii) 
result in any material manner from the use of premises or personal property 
(whether tangible or intangible) owned, leased or contracted for by the 
Company or any subsidiary thereof (collectively, Company-Related 
Developments), and all related patents, patent applications, trademarks 
and trademark applications, copyrights and copyright applications, and 
other intellectual property rights in all countries and territories 
worldwide and under any international conventions (Intellectual Property 
Rights). Executive further agrees that any and all Company-Related 
Developments shall be promptly disclosed to the Company.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g)    Executive agrees, while he is employed by the Company, to offer or 
otherwise make known or available to it, as directed by the Board of 
Directors of the Company without additional compensation or consideration, 
any business prospects, contracts or other business opportunities that 
Executive may discover, find, develop or otherwise have available to 
Executive that relate to the Company Business and further agrees that any 
such prospects, contacts or other business opportunities shall be the 
property of the Company.

(h)    Executive accepts and agrees to the following obligations to protect 
the Confidential Information and the Companys goodwill, including all 
goodwill that Executive develops and is expected to develop in the course 
of Executives employment with the Company:

(i)    Executive hereby agrees that during the period commencing on the 
date hereof and ending (subject to subsection (iii) below) on the date that 
is two years (or one year, if Executives employment has terminated 
pursuant to Section 5(c) or 5(d) above) (Restricted Period) following the 
date of the termination of Executives employment with the Company or with 
any of its subsidiaries, Executive will not, without the express written 
consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, anywhere in the United 
States or in any foreign country in which the Company (or any subsidiary) 
has conducted business, is conducting business or, to Executives 
knowledge, is contemplating conducting business, engage in any activity 
which is competitive with any of the business, activities, products or 
services conducted or offered or contemplated to be conducted or offered by 
the Company or its subsidiaries during any period in which Executive serves 
as an officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or 
participate or invest in, or provide or facilitate the provision of 
financing to, or assist (whether as owner, part-owner, shareholder, member, 
partner, director, officer, trustee, employee, agent or consultant, or in 
any other capacity), any business, organization or person other than the 
Company (or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company), and including any 
such business, organization or person involving, or which is, a family 
member of Executive, whose business, activities, products or services are 
competitive with any of the business, activities, products or services 
conducted or offered by the Company or its subsidiaries during any period 
in which Executive serves as an officer or employee of the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries.

(ii)    Without implied limitation of the foregoing covenant, Executive 
further agrees that during the applicable Restricted Period, Executive 
shall refrain from (A) hiring or engaging or attempting to hire or engage 
for or on behalf of Executive or any other person or entity, any officer or 
employee of the Company or any of its direct and/or indirect subsidiaries, 
or any former employee of the Company and any of its direct and/or indirect 
subsidiaries who was employed during the six (6) month period immediately 
preceding the date of such attempt to hire or engage, other than by general 
solicitation through advertisements, (B) encouraging for or on behalf of 
Executive or any other person or entity, any such officer or employee to 
terminate his relationship or employment with the Company or any of its 
direct or indirect subsidiaries, other than by general solicitation through 
advertisements, (C) soliciting for or on behalf of Executive or
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any other person or entity any client of the Company or any of its direct 
or indirect subsidiaries, or any former client of the Company or any of its 
direct or indirect subsidiaries and affiliates who was a client during the 
six (6) month period immediately preceding the date of such solicitation, 
to purchase any product or service competitive with any product or service 
offered by the Company or, to the knowledge of Executive, planned to be 
offered by the Company, and (D) diverting to any person (as hereinafter 
defined) any client or business opportunity of the Company or any of any of 
its direct or indirect subsidiaries.

(iii)    The Restricted Period shall be extended by any period during 
which Executive engages in any violation of the restrictive period during 
which Executive engages in any violation of the restriction in subsections 
(i) or (ii) above.

(iv)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Executive may make 
passive investments in any enterprise the shares of which are publicly 
traded if such investment constitutes less than two percent (2%) of the 
equity of such enterprise.

(v)    Neither Executive nor any business entity controlled by Executive is 
a party to any contract, commitment, arrangement or agreement which could, 
following the date hereof, restrain or restrict the Company or any 
subsidiary of the Company from carrying on its business or restrain or 
restrict Executive from performing his employment obligations, and as of 
the date of this Agreement Executive has no business interests whatsoever 
in or relating to the industries in which the Company or its subsidiaries 
currently engage, and other than passive investments in the shares of 
public companies of less than two percent (2%).

(vi)    In the event that Executive violates this Section 6, Executive 
shall be liable to the Company for all of the reasonable attorneys fees 
and other expenses that the Company incurs in its enforcement of this 
Section 6, in addition to any and all other remedies to which the Company 
is entitled.

(i)    Executive acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 6 are 
integral parts of Executives employment arrangements with the Company.

7.    Parties in Interest; Certain Remedies. It is specifically understood 
and agreed that Section 6 of this Agreement is intended to confer a 
benefit, directly or indirectly, on the Company, its affiliates and their 
direct and indirect subsidiaries, and that any breach of any of the 
provisions of Section 6 by Executive will result in irreparable injury to 
the Company, its affiliates and their direct and indirect subsidiaries, 
that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach 
and that, in addition to any other remedy it may have, the Company, its 
affiliates and their direct and indirect subsidiaries shall be entitled to 
enforce the specific performance of this Agreement by Executive through 
temporary and permanent injunctive relief without the necessity of posting 
a bond or proving actual damages, but without limitation of their right to 
damages and any and all other legal and equitable remedies available to 
them, it being understood that injunctive relief is in addition to, and not 
in lieu of, such other remedies.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.    Dispute Resolution. All disputes, claims, or controversies arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement or any other agreement executed and 
delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the negotiation, validity or 
performance hereof and thereof or the rights and obligations of the parties 
hereunder or thereunder, and any and all other disputes between the 
parties, including without limitation any and all claims based in contract, 
tort or any statute, including statutory discrimination and compensation 
claims, that are not resolved by mutual agreement shall be resolved solely 
and exclusively by binding arbitration to be conducted before 
JAMS/Endispute, Inc. or its successor. The arbitration shall be held in 
Boston, Massachusetts before a single arbitrator and shall be conducted in 
accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by JAMS/Endispute, 
Inc. unless specifically modified herein. In the event that any 
representative or affiliate of the Company may be a party with regard to 
any controversy or claim involving Executive, such controversy or claim 
shall be submitted to arbitration subject to such other agreement. Judgment 
upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court 
having jurisdiction thereof. This section shall be specifically 
enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this section shall not preclude 
either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining 
a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances 
in which such relief is appropriate; provided that any other relief shall 
be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this section.

9.    Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given 
if delivered personally or mailed by certified or registered mail (return 
receipt requested) as follows:
 
To the Company: 	   	Monotype Imaging Inc.
   	600 Unicorn Park Drive
   	Woburn, MA 01801
   	Attn: President
   	With a copy to: General Counsel
   	Facsimile No.: 781-970-6001
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
To Executive: 	   	Anthony Callini
   	c/o Monotype Imaging Inc.
   	600 Unicorn Park Drive
   	Woburn, MA 01801

or to such other address of which any party may notify the other parties as 
provided above. Notices shall be effective as of the date of such delivery 
or mailing.

10.    Scope of Agreement. The parties acknowledge that the time, scope, 
geographic area and other provisions of Section 6 have been specifically 
negotiated by sophisticated parties and agree that all such provisions are 
reasonable under the circumstances of Executives contemplated employment, 
and are given as an integral and essential part of the employment 
contemplated hereby. Executive has been advised to independently consult 
with counsel concerning the reasonableness and propriety of the covenants 
contained herein, with specific regard to the business to be conducted by 
Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and represents that the 
Agreement is intended to be, and shall be, fully enforceable and effective 
in accordance with its terms.

11.    Severability. In the event that any covenant contained in this 
Agreement shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be 
unenforceable by reason of its extending for too great a period of time or 
over too great a geographical area or by reason of its being too extensive 
in any other respect, it shall be interpreted to extend only over the 
maximum period of time for which it may be enforceable and/or over the 
maximum geographical area as to which it may be enforceable and/or to the 
maximum extent in all other respects as to which it may be enforceable, all 
as determined by such court in such action.

12.    Insurance; Indemnification. The Company shall maintain directors and 
officers liability insurance with such coverage and other terms and 
conditions as the Board of Directors shall in good faith deem appropriate 
for the Company. The Company shall also indemnify Executive to the maximum 
extent permitted under applicable law against all liabilities and expenses, 
including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromise, or as 
fines and penalties, and counsel fees, reasonably incurred by Executive in 
connection with the defense or disposition of any civil, criminal, 
administrative or investigative action, suit or other proceeding, whether 
civil or criminal, in which he may be involved or with which he may be 
threatened, while an officer or director of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries or thereafter, by reason of Executives being or having been 
an officer or director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by Executive in defending any 
such action, suit or other proceeding shall be paid by the Company in 
advance of the final disposition of such action suit, or proceeding upon 
receipt of any undertaking by or on behalf of Executive to repay such 
amount if it shall be ultimately determined that he is not entitled to be 
indemnified by the Company. The right of indemnification provided herein 
shall not be exclusive of or affect any other rights to which Executive may 
be entitled. The provisions hereof shall survive expiration or termination 
of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13.    Consent to Jurisdiction. To the extent that any court action is 
permitted consistent with or to enforce Section 6 of this Agreement, the 
parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the Superior Court of the 
Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the United States District Court for the 
District of Massachusetts. Accordingly, with respect to any such court 
action, Executive submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.

14.    Integration. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between 
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all 
prior agreements between the parties concerning such subject matter, 
including without limitation the Prior Agreement.

15.    Withholding. All payments made by the Company to Executive under 
this Agreement shall be net of any tax or other amounts required to be 
withheld by the Company under applicable law.

16.    Notices. Any notices, requests, demands and other communications 
provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and 
delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier 
service or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt 
requested, to Executive at the last address Executive has filed in writing 
with the Company or, in the case of the Company, at its main offices, 
attention of the Board.

17.    Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a 
written instrument signed by Executive and by a duly authorized 
representative of the Company.

18.    Miscellaneous. The failure of either of the parties to require the 
performance of a term or obligation or to exercise any right under this 
Agreement or the waiver of any breach hereunder shall not prevent 
subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or exercise of such right 
or the enforcement at any time of any other right hereunder or be deemed a 
waiver of any subsequent breach of the provision so breached, or of any 
other breach hereunder. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and 
be binding upon and assignable to, successors of the Company by way of 
merger, consolidation or sale and may not be assigned by Executive. This 
Agreement supersedes and terminates all prior understandings and agreements 
between the parties (or their predecessors) relating to the subject matter 
hereof, including without limitation the Prior Agreement. For purposes of 
this Agreement, the term person means an individual, corporation, 
partnership, association, trust or any unincorporated organization; a 
subsidiary means any corporation more than 50 percent of whose 
outstanding voting securities, or any partnership, joint venture or other 
entity more than 50 percent of whose total equity interest, is directly or 
indirectly owned by such person; and an affiliate of a person shall mean, 
with respect to a person or entity, any person or entity which directly or 
indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such 
person or entity.

19.    Section 409A.

(a)    Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at 
the time of Executives separation from service within the meaning of 
Section 409A of the Code, the Company determines that Executive is a 
specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the 
Code, then to the extent any payment or benefit that Executive becomes 
entitled to under this Agreement would be considered deferred compensation 
subject to the 20 percent
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A(a) of the Code as a result 
of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such payment 
shall not be payable and such benefit shall not be provided until the date 
that is the earlier of (A) six months and one day after Executives 
separation from service, or (B) Executives death. If any such delayed cash 
payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment 
shall include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have 
been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this 
provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in 
accordance with their original schedule.

(b)    The parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in 
accordance with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any provision 
of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of 
the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments 
hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment pursuant to 
this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). The parties agree that this 
Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as 
may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all 
related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and 
benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party.

(c)    The determination of whether and when a separation from service has 
occurred shall be made in accordance with the presumptions set forth in 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).

(d)    The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have no 
liability to Executive or any other person if any provisions of this 
Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to 
Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the 
conditions of, such Section.

20.    Governing Law. This is a Massachusetts contract and shall be 
construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the 
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the conflict of 
laws principles of such Commonwealth. With respect to any disputes 
concerning federal law, such disputes shall be determined in accordance 
with the law as it would be interpreted and applied by the United States 
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.

21.    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken 
to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and 
the same document.

22.    Gender Neutral. Whenever used herein, a pronoun in the masculine 
gender shall be considered as including the feminine gender unless the 
context clearly indicates otherwise.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Executive Employment 
Agreement under seal as of the date first set forth above.
 
COMPANY:
MONOTYPE IMAGING INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Scott E. Landers
Name 	  	Scott E. Landers
Title: 	  	President and Chief Executive Officer
EXECUTIVE:
/s/ Anthony Callini
Anthony Callini


[Signature Page to Executive Employment Agreement (Callini)]