 EX-10.5 2 ex105.htm EXHIBIT 10.5
Exhibit 10.5
 
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement ("Agreement"), dated as of May 20, 2016 and 
effective as set forth in Section 1.04 herein  (the "Effective Date") is 
entered into by and among United Casualty & Surety Insurance Company, a 
Massachusetts corporation (the "Company") and Todd S. Carrigan ("Executive
").

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, and the mutual covenants and agreements 
hereinafter set forth and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company 
and the Executive agree as follows:

ARTICLE I
EMPLOYMENT, POSITION, DUTIES, AUTHORITY AND TERM

1.01 Employment.  The Company agrees to, and does hereby, continue to 
employ Executive, and Executive agrees to, and does hereby accept such 
continued employment, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in this Agreement.

1.02 Position, Duties and Authority.  During the Term, Executive shall 
serve as President of the Company and shall report directly to the Board of 
Directors of the Company, and shall have such customary responsibilities, 
duties, power and authority, consistent with Executive's position as 
President of the Company as shall be determined from time to time by the 
Board of Directors.  Executive shall serve the Company faithfully and to 
the best of Executive's ability, and shall devote Executive's full business 
time, attention, skill and efforts to the business and affairs of the 
Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to that certain 
Agreement Regarding Assignment of Inventions, Confidentiality, 
Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation by and between Executive and the 
Company and attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Employee NDA"), Executive 
may engage in other personal, charitable, and similar types of activities 
to the extent that such activities do not materially inhibit or prohibit 
the performance of Executive's duties hereunder or materially inhibit or 
conflict with the business of the Company.   For the avoidance of doubt, 
Executive may not serve on the Board of Directors of any other company or 
business without the express prior written consent of the Board of 
Directors.

1.03 Restrictions on Authority.  Notwithstanding the foregoing and 
Executive's position as President of the Company, Executive shall not 
execute any agreement or document, or make any commitment or take any 
action that in any way binds the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of 
the Company to any surety bond risk or related liability, whether 
contingent or absolute and in any capacity, other than in the usual course 
of business in accordance with such underwriting and other standards as 
established and approved by the Board of Directors and within the terms the 
Company's reinsurance treaty then in effect without the prior written 
consent of the Board of Directors.

1.04 Term of Employment.  Subject to earlier termination pursuant to 
Article III, Executive's employment pursuant to this Agreement shall 
commence as of the Closing Date as defined in Section 2.01 of that certain 
Stock Purchase Agreement dated May 19, 2016 by and among General Indemnity 
Group, LLC and the stockholders of the Company as of such date (the "
Effective Date") and shall continue until the date that is sixty (60) 
months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), and shall 
automatically renew for successive one (1)-year terms thereafter (each, a "
Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless 
either party hereto delivers written notice of termination to the other 
party at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any 
Renewal Term, as the case may be.  If Executive's employment with the 
Company terminates during the Initial Term or a Renewal Term, this 
Agreement shall remain in effect subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement, including the provisions of Section 3 herein, until all of 
the obligations of the parties hereunder are satisfied or have expired.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE II
COMPENSATION, BENEFITS AND EXPENSES

2.01 Compensation and Benefits.  For all services rendered by Executive in 
any capacity during the Term, including, without limitation, services as an 
officer, director or member of any committee of the Company, or any 
subsidiary or affiliate, Executive shall be compensated by the Company as 
follows (subject, in each case, to the provisions of Article III below):

(A) Base Salary.   Executive will receive a base salary at the rate of 
$25,000.00 per calendar month ($300,000.00 per annum), payable in 
accordance with the Company's payroll payment policy as in effect from time 
to time (the "Annual Base Salary").

(B) Annual Bonus.  During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive 
an annual cash incentive bonus, in an amount equal to the amount as 
calculated in Exhibit B (the "Annual Bonus Plan"), as determined by General 
Indemnity Group, LLC, the Company's sole stockholder (the "Sole Stockholder
") in its sole discretion (the "Annual Bonus"). The Annual Bonus shall be 
payable with respect to each calendar year in accordance with the Company's 
existing bonus payment policy, and shall be pro-rated for the partial year 
in the Initial Term.  To be eligible for an Annual Bonus in respect of any 
calendar year, Executive must be employed with the Company through the end 
of such calendar year.  The Annual Bonus Plan is subject to review and 
modification by the Sole Stockholder in its sole discretion.

(C) General Benefits.  During the Term, Executive, and to the extent 
permitted thereby, Executive's spouse and dependents, shall be entitled to 
participate in all of the Company's employee benefit plans and programs 
(including without limitation, any medical, dental, disability and group 
life insurance, but excluding any severance or equity incentive plans, if 
any) as the Company generally maintains from time to time during the Term 
for the benefit of its employees, in each case subject to the eligibility 
requirements and other terms and provisions of such plans or programs.  The 
Company shall have no obligation to maintain any employee benefit plans or 
programs other than a 401K plan or a substantially similar 401K plan to the 
extent then legally available, as well as medical and dental insurance 
plans.  Except for the 401K Plan, medical and dental insurance plans, the 
Company may amend, modify or rescind any employee benefit plan or program 
and change employee contribution amounts to benefit costs without notice in 
its sole discretion.   Executive will be eligible to participate in the 
Company employee benefit plans, policies and arrangements that are 
generally applicable to other executive officers of the Company, as such 
plans, policies and arrangements may exist from time to time and on terms 
at least as favorable as provided to any other executive officer of the 
Company.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

(D) Vacation, Sick and Personal Days.  During the Term, Executive shall be 
entitled to accrue fifteen (15) days of paid vacation per calendar year.  
Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, Executive may 
not accrue more than fifteen (15) days of vacation at any given time. 
Should Executive reach his maximum vacation accrual, he shall not accrue 
any additional vacation time until such time as he has exhausted an equal 
amount of his accrued vacation time such that his maximum vacation accrual 
does not exceed fifteen (15) days at any given time. During the Term, 
Executive shall be entitled to paid sick and personal days in accordance 
with the Company's policies with respect to such sick and personal days in 
effect from time to time.

2.02 Expenses.  The Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses Executive incurred during the Term in connection 
with the performance of Executive's duties under this Agreement, according 
to the Company's expense and reimbursement policies in effect from time to 
time.

2.03 Withholding and Deduction.  All payments to Executive pursuant to this 
Agreement are subject to applicable withholding and deduction requirements.

2.04 Specific Benefits.  Notwithstanding anything contained in this 
Agreement to the contrary, the Company will have the obligation to, and the 
Executive shall be entitled, as the case may be:

(A) to reimbursement for all premiums due or to become due within thirty 
(30) days of Executive's presentment of reasonable evidence of payment for 
any personal life insurance on the life of the Executive in effect at the 
commencement of the Term in accordance with the insurance policy 
information setting forth the amount of such coverage and the annual 
premium as previously provided by Executive to the Company.

(B) from the Effective Date and through the first full calendar year 
immediately following such date, maintain and pay applicable premiums due 
or to become due on the Company's present Blue Cross Blue Shield of 
Massachusetts medical plan and Delta Dental Plan dental plan.  The Company 
shall at all times thereafter and at its expense provide medical and dental 
insurance to the Executive with terms and benefits equal to or exceeding 
the benefits existing under the Company's medical and dental insurance 
plans in effect on the Effective Date.  The Company agrees that the Company 
President shall determine whether the terms and benefits of any new or 
replacement medical and dental insurance plans provide terms and benefits 
that are equal to or exceed the terms and benefits existing under the 
Company's medical and dental insurance plans in effect on the Effective 
Date.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

(C) to maintain a 401K Plan for the benefit of all full time employees of 
the Company and to provide to the Executive a matching arrangement for 
employer contributions similar to arrangements for other employees.

ARTICLE III
TERMINATION

3.01 Events of Termination.  This Agreement and Executive's employment 
hereunder shall terminate upon the occurrence of any one or more of the 
following events:

(A) Death. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if 
Executive's employment terminates on account of death, Executive shall be 
entitled to receive death benefits under any life insurance program 
maintained for employees generally. Executive's employment hereunder shall 
automatically terminate effective as of the date and time of death.

(B) Disability. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, 
if Executive's employment terminates on account of Disability, Executive 
shall be entitled to receive disability benefits under any disability group 
benefits program maintained by the Company that covers Executive. The 
Executive shall be entitled to the following benefits provided that 
Executive executes and does not revoke the Release:

(i) For a period of up to eighteen (18) months following Executive's 
Termination Date, Executive and where applicable, Executive's spouse and 
eligible dependents, will continue to be eligible to receive medical 
coverage under the Company's medical plans in accordance with the terms of 
the applicable plan documents; provided, that in order to receive such 
continued coverage at such rates, Executive will be required to pay the 
applicable premiums to the plan provider, and the Company will reimburse 
the Executive, within 60 days following the date such monthly premium 
payment is due, an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium payment, less 
applicable tax withholdings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive 
obtains full-time employment during this eighteen (18) month period that 
entitles him and his spouse and eligible dependents to comprehensive 
medical coverage, Executive must notify the Company and no further 
reimbursements will be paid by the Company to the Executive pursuant to 
this subsection. In addition, if Executive does not pay the applicable 
monthly COBRA premium for a particular month at any time during the 
eighteen (18) month period and coverage is lost as a result, no further 
reimbursements will be paid by the Company to the Executive pursuant to 
this subsection. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company determines in 
its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing COBRA benefits 
without potentially violating applicable law (including, without 
limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company 
shall in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable lump-sum payment in an 
amount equal to the monthly (or then remaining) COBRA premium that 
Executive would be required to pay to continue his group health coverage in 
effect on the Termination Date (which amount shall be based on the premium 
for the first month of COBRA coverage).

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(C) Termination on Account of Voluntary Resignation Without Good Reason. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive's 
employment terminates on account of a resignation by Executive for no 
reason or any reason other than on account of Good Reason the Executive 
shall only receive any benefits set forth in Article 3.01 B)(i), provided, 
however, that in such case the Company shall not be required to reimburse 
the Executive for monthly premium payment.

(D) Termination by the Company for Cause. The Company may, at its option, 
terminate this Agreement and Executive's employment hereunder for Cause (as 
defined herein) upon giving notice of termination to Executive (following 
the expiration of the applicable cure period, if any) which notice 
specifies that the Company deems such termination to be for "Cause" 
hereunder and specifies in reasonable detail the grounds for such "Cause."  
Executive's employment shall terminate on the date on which such notice 
shall be given. Upon any termination for Cause, the Company's obligations 
to Executive shall be to pay to Executive any accrued but unpaid Annual 
Base Salary and to provide the benefits set forth in Article 3.01 B)(i), 
provided, however, that in such case the Company shall not be required to 
reimburse the Executive for monthly premium payment.

For purposes hereof, "Cause" shall mean :

(i) Executive's indictment for, guilty or nolo contendere plea to, or 
confession of guilt of, a felony involving moral turpitude;

(ii) Executive's willful breach of this Agreement or the Employee NDA 
(including, without limitation, any breach of Section 1.03 hereof);

 (iii) Executive's material, knowing and intentional failure to comply with 
applicable laws with respect to the execution of the Company's business 
operations;

(iv) Executive's failure to perform his assigned duties for the Company or 
willful and continued breach of the Company's written policies which causes 
loss, damage or injury to the property or reputation of the Company and 
failure to remedy such nonperformance or breach within ten (10) days 
following written notice from the Board of Directors of the Company to 
Executive notifying him of such failure or breach;

(v) Executive's theft, fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty, criminal or other 
conduct which is or is likely to be injurious to the business or reputation 
of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company; or,

 (vi) Executive's breach of Section 11.1 of the Stock Purchase Agreement 
dated May 19, 2016 by and between the Company and certain individual 
stockholders of the Company as of such date (the "Stock Purchase Agreement
").

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(E) Without Cause by the Company.  In the event Executive's employment is 
terminated on account of:

(i)    an involuntary termination by the Company for any reason other than 
Cause, death or Disability,

(ii) Executive's resignation for Good Reason; or,

(iii) in the case of a Change in Control, the Executive voluntarily 
terminates employment with the Company on account of a resignation for Good 
Reason, in either case that occurs (x) at the same time as, or within the 
twelve (12) month period following, the consummation of a Change in Control 
or (y) within the sixty (60) day period prior to the date of a Change in 
Control where the Change in Control was under consideration at the time of 
Executive's Termination Date,

then the Executive shall be entitled to and the Company shall be obligated 
to pay Executive the Severance Payments provided in Section 3.01 (H) and 
the benefits provided in Section 3.01 B)(i).

(F) Mutual Agreement.  This Agreement and Executive's employment hereunder 
may be terminated at any time by the mutual agreement of the Company and 
Executive.

(G) Expiration of Term.  This Agreement and Executive's employment 
hereunder shall automatically terminate upon the expiration of the Term.

(H) Severance Payments.   For the purposes hereof, "Severance Payments" 
means an amount equal to the sum of the Annual Base Salary that would 
accrue following the Executive's Termination Date for the remainder of the 
Initial Term or any Renewal Term then in effect, paid in accordance with 
the Company's standard payroll policies in effect on the Effective Date. 
For purposes of this section, Annual Base Salary will mean the Executive's 
Annual Base Salary immediately prior to Executive's Termination Date, 
unless there has been any reduction of Executive's Base Salary described in 
the first clause of subsection (i) in the definition of Good Reason in 
which event Base Salary shall mean the Executive's Base Salary in effect 
immediately prior to the action which constitutes a basis for Termination 
for Good Reason. Any such payments under this Section 3.01(H) shall be 
subject to tax and elective withholding and deductions; provided, that 
solely for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code"), each installment payment shall be considered a 
separate payment.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Severance Payments will 
be paid ratably over the remainder of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term, 
as applicable, in accordance with the Company's standard payroll policies 
then in effect (but in any event no less than on a monthly basis).

(I) Vested Benefits.  In addition to the payments and benefits set forth in 
this Section 3.01, amounts which are vested benefits and which Executive is 
otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, program, policy or practice 
(with the exception of those relating to any severance or equity incentive 
plan) without any further contingency on the date of termination, shall be 
payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or agreement.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 3.02 Executive's Obligations Upon Termination. Upon any termination, 
Executive agrees that he will be bound by the Employee NDA, (and to the 
provisions of Section 11.1 of the Stock Purchase Agreement), and that he 
will inform all third parties, including but not limited to, future 
employers, consulting or other clients of Executive, of these agreements.  
Executive acknowledges that the restrictions contained in the Employee NDA 
are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests 
of the Company and that any breach or threatened breach by Executive of any 
provision contained in the Employee NDA will result in immediate 
irreparable injury to the Company for which a remedy at law would be 
inadequate.  Executive further acknowledges that any remedy specified by 
any provision of this Agreement shall, unless expressly providing to the 
contrary, be a nonexclusive remedy for that provision and shall not 
preclude any and all other remedies at law or in equity from also being 
applicable. The remedies available under the NDA are in addition to any 
remedies available to the Company for any breach by Executive of his 
obligations under Section 11.1 of the Stock Purchase Agreement.

3.03 Release.  Any payments to be made or benefits to be provided by the 
Company or any affiliate thereof pursuant to this Article III or any other 
provision hereof which requires receipt of a release from Executive, shall 
be subject to the Company's receipt from Executive of an effective general 
release and agreement not to sue, in a written form satisfactory to the 
Company substantially in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit C, (the "
Release"),  Notwithstanding the due date of any payment hereunder requiring 
a Release, the Company shall not be obligated to make any such payment 
until after the expiration of any revocation period applicable to the 
Release.

3.04 Survival.  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, the parties' respective rights and obligations under Article III 
and Article IV, will survive any termination or expiration of this 
Agreement or the termination of the Executive's employment for any reason 
whatsoever.

ARTICLE IV
MISCELLANEOUS

4.01 Benefit of Agreement and Assignment.  The Company will require any 
successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, 
reorganization or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or 
assets of the Company, by agreement in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Executive, expressly to assume and agree to perform 
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent the Company would 
be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. This 
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company, any subsidiary of the 
Company, and each of their respective successors and assigns (including, 
without limitation, any purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets 
of either of the foregoing) and shall be binding upon such parties and 
their respective successors and assigns.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


This Agreement shall also inure to the benefit of and be binding upon 
Executive and Executive's heirs, administrators, executors and assigns.  
Executive may not assign or delegate Executive's duties under this 
Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company.  Nothing in 
this Agreement shall preclude the Company and/or any subsidiary of the 
Company from consolidating or merging into or with, or transferring all or 
substantially all of its assets to, or engaging in any other business 
combination with, any other person or entity which assumes this Agreement 
and all obligations and undertakings of such party hereunder.  Upon such a 
consolidation, merger, transfer of assets or other business combination and 
assumption, the term "Company" as used herein shall be deemed to be 
modified as necessary to reflect that such other person or entity shall 
have assumed the benefits and obligations of such party hereunder and this 
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect unless otherwise 
terminated pursuant to the terms hereof.

4.02 Notices.  Any notice required shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
to have been duly given and received: (i) on the date delivered if 
personally delivered, (ii) upon receipt by the receiving party of any 
notice sent by registered or certified mail ( return receipt requested) or 
(iii) on the date targeted for delivery if delivered by nationally 
recognized overnight courier or similar courier service, in each case 
addressed to the Company or Executive, as the case may be, at the 
respective addresses indicated below or such other address as either party 
may in the future specify in writing to the other in accordance with this 
Section 4.02 in the case of the Company to United Casualty & Surety 
Insurance Company, 1250 Hancock Street, Suite 803N, Quincy, Massachusetts 
02169, with a copy to Gennari Aronson, LLP, 300 First Avenue, Suite 102, 
Needham, Massachusetts 02494, Attention Neil Aronson, Esq. and in the case 
of Executive to Todd S. Carrigan, 96 Sims Road, Wollaston, Massachusetts 
02170, with a copy to Alan L. Packer, Esq., Packer and Movitz, P.C., 195 
Wellesley Ave., Suite 203, Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02481.

4.03 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including the schedules and 
exhibits hereto, together with the Employee NDA, and Section 11.1 of the 
Stock Purchase Agreement contain the entire agreement of the parties hereto 
with respect to the terms and conditions of Executive's employment during 
the Term and activities following termination of this Agreement and 
supersede any and all prior agreements and understandings, whether written 
or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this 
Agreement and the Employee NDA.  This Agreement may not be changed or 
modified except by an instrument in writing, signed by the Company and 
Executive.

4.04 No Waiver.  The waiver by the other party of a breach of any provision 
of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a continuing waiver 
or as a consent to or waiver of any subsequent breach hereof.

4.06 Headings.  The Article and Section headings in this Agreement are for 
the convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part of this 
Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions 
hereof.

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


4.07 Governing Law; Jurisdiction.   This Agreement, the performance of this 
Agreement and any and all matters arising directly or indirectly herefrom 
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the 
internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect 
to the conflict or choice of law provisions and principles thereof.

4.08 Resolution of Disputes.  In the event of any dispute, controversy or 
claim arising out of relating to this Agreement, or concerning the 
respective rights or obligations of the parties, the parties agree to try 
in good faith to settle the dispute, controversy or claim for a period of 
at least ten (10) days from receiving written notice of the nature of the 
dispute.  Within ten (10) days after such written notice is received, or by 
mutual agreement, one or more representatives of each of the parties shall 
meet at the Company offices to attempt to amicably resolve the dispute.  In 
the event that any such dispute, controversy or claim is not resolved in 
such time, the parties agree to submit the matter to arbitration 
administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its 
then existing Commercial Arbitration Rules.  The arbitration shall take 
place before a single arbitrator in Boston, Massachusetts, and in no other 
place.  The decision of the arbitrator in the matter shall be final and 
binding upon other parties and judgment on the award rendered by the 
arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  The 
parties agree that the arbitrator may award (i) compensatory damages and 
reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses to the prevailing party in such 
arbitration, but shall have no authority to award punitive, consequential, 
indirect, incidental or special damages, and (ii) any equitable remedy 
including specific performance or injunctive relief, that the arbitrator 
deems appropriate.  Except as required by law, the parties and an 
arbitrator shall keep the existence, content and results of any arbitration 
hereunder strictly confidential and shall not disclose such existence, 
content or results with the prior written consent of all parties involved.  
The arbitration provision contained in this Section does not prevent any 
party from seeking injunctive relief from a court in order to preserve the 
status quo or from bringing suit in a court to enforce any arbitration 
award or from bringing appropriate court action to enforce existing 
non-competition or non-solicitation agreements.  To the extent such 
remedies are sought, any and all proceedings arising out of this agreement 
shall be brought in the State or Federal Courts of Massachusetts located in 
Boston, Massachusetts, and each party hereby submits to and accepts the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of such proceeding.

4.09 Validity; Severability.  In case any one or more of the provisions 
contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or 
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement and 
such invalid, illegal and unenforceable provision shall be reformed and 
construed so that it will be valid, legal, and enforceable to the maximum 
extent permitted by law.

4.10 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


4.11 Independent Advice.   Executive acknowledges and agrees that in 
connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of each of this 
Agreement, the Employee NDA and any other related agreements (the "
Employment Arrangements"): (i) that Gennari Aronson, LLP ("GALLP") has 
served, and continues to serve, as counsel to the Company in connection 
with the Employment Arrangements, (ii) that GALLP has not, and does not 
serve as counsel to Executive in connection with the Employment 
Arrangements, (iii) that GALLP has not counseled or advised Executive in 
connection with the Employment Arrangements, (iv) that Executive is not 
relying on any accounting, tax or legal advice of GALLP in connection with 
the Employment Arrangement, (v) that Executive has been advised to obtain 
separate and independent accounting, tax and legal advice of Executive's 
own choosing prior to entering into the Employment Arrangements, and (vi) 
that GALLP is an intended third party beneficiary of this paragraph.

4.12 Certain Defined Terms.  In addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, 
the following terms have the following meanings when used in this Agreement 
with initial capital letters:

(A)  "Change in Control" means:

(i) any person or entity becoming the beneficial owner, directly or 
indirectly, of securities of the Company representing a majority interest 
of the total voting power of all its then outstanding voting securities 
other than to an affiliate of the Company;

(ii) a merger or consolidation of the Company in which its voting 
securities immediately prior to the merger or consolidation do not 
represent, or are not converted into securities that represent, a majority 
of the voting power of all voting securities of the surviving entity 
immediately after the merger or consolidation; or

(iii) a sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company.

(B) "COBRA" means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 
1986, as amended (the "Federal COBRA")  and to the extent that the Company 
is not subject to the provisions of the Federal COBRA, the provisions of 
Massachusetts General Laws C. 176J, § 9.

(C) "Disability" means (i) the Executive has been incapacitated by bodily 
injury, illness or disease so as to be prevented thereby from engaging in 
the performance of the Executive's duties (provided, however, that the 
Company acknowledges its obligations to provide reasonable accommodation to 
the extent required by applicable law); and  (ii) such total incapacity 
shall have continued for a period of six (6) months over any 24 month 
period.

(D) "Good Reason" means:

(i) a material diminution in the Executive's Annual Base Salary as of the 
date of this Agreement or as increased during the course of his employment 
with the Company, excluding one or more reductions (totaling no more than 
20% in the aggregate) generally applicable to all senior executives 
provided, however, that such exclusion shall not apply if the material 
diminution in the Executive's base compensation occurs within (A) 60 days 
prior to the consummation of a Change in Control where such Change in 
Control was under consideration at the time of Executive's Termination Date 
or (B) twelve (12) months after the date upon which such a Change in 
Control occurs;

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(ii) a material diminution in the Executive's authority, duties or 
responsibilities;

(iii) a requirement that that the Executive report to a corporate officer 
or employee of the Company instead of reporting directly to the Board (or 
if the Company has a parent corporation, a requirement that the Executive 
report to any individual or entity other than the Managing Member of the 
ultimate parent corporation of the Company); or,

(iv) Following the expiration of the Initial Term, a change in the 
geographic location of the Company's present location of greater than ten 
(10) miles at which the Executive must perform services; or

(v) any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the 
Company of this Agreement;

provided, however, that for the Executive to be able to terminate his 
employment with the Company on account of Good Reason he must provide 
written notice of the occurrence of the event constituting Good Reason and 
his desire to terminate his employment with the Company on account of such 
condition entitling him to terminate his employment for Good Reason within 
sixty (60) days following the initial existence of the condition 
constituting Good Reason, and the Company must have a period of thirty (30) 
days following receipt of such notice to cure the condition. If the Company 
does not cure the event constituting Good Reason within such thirty (30) 
day period, the Executive's Termination Date shall be the day immediately 
following the end of such thirty (30) day period, unless the Company 
provides for an earlier Termination Date.

(E) "Termination Date" means the last day of Executive's employment with 
the Company.

(F) "Termination of Employment" means the termination of Executive's active 
employment relationship with the Company.

4.13 No Mitigation Obligation. Executive shall not be required to mitigate 
the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in this Agreement by 
seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment 
or benefit provided for herein be reduced by any compensation earned by 
other employment or otherwise.

4.14 Board Membership. At each annual meeting of the Company's stockholders 
prior to the Termination Date, the Company will nominate Executive to serve 
as a member of the Board.   Executive's service as a member of the Board 
will be subject to any required stockholder approval. Upon the termination 
of Executive's employment for any reason, unless otherwise requested by the 
Board, Executive agrees to resign from the Board (and all other positions 
held at the Company and its affiliates), and Executive, at the Board's 
request, will execute any documents necessary to reflect his resignation.

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

4.15 Tax Matters.

(A) Parachute Excise Tax. In the event that any amounts payable under this 
Agreement or otherwise to Executive would (i) constitute "parachute 
payments" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, or any comparable 
successor provisions and (ii) but for this Subsection (b) would be subject 
to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any comparable 
successor provisions (the "Excise Tax"), then such amounts payable to 
Executive hereunder shall be either:

(i) Provided to Executive in full; or

       (ii) Provided to Executive to the maximum extent that would result
       in no portion of such benefits being subject to the Excise Tax;

        whichever of the foregoing amounts, when taking into account
       applicable federal, state, local and foreign income and employment
       taxes, the Excise Tax and any other applicable taxes, results in the
       receipt by Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount
       of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such
       benefits may be taxable under the Excise Tax. The Company shall bear
       all costs that the Company's accountants may reasonably incur in
       connection with any calculations contemplated by this 4.15 (B)(ii). 
       If, notwithstanding any reduction described in this 4.15 (B)(ii),
       the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") determines that Executive is
       liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the receipt of amounts
       payable under this Agreement or otherwise as described above, then
       Executive shall be obligated to pay back to the Company, within
       thirty (30) days after a final IRS determination or, in the event
       that Executive challenges the final IRS determination, a final
       judicial determination, a portion of such amounts equal to the
       Repayment Amount. The "Repayment Amount" with respect to the payment
       of benefits shall be the smallest such amount, if any, that is
       required to be paid to the Company so that Executive's net after-tax
       proceeds with respect to any payment of benefits (after taking into
       account the payment of the Excise Tax and all other applicable taxes
       imposed on such payment) are maximized. The Repayment Amount with
       respect to the payment of benefits shall be zero if a Repayment
       Amount of more than zero would not result in Executive's net
       after-tax proceeds with respect to the payment of such benefits
       being maximized. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to
       this paragraph, Executive shall pay the Excise Tax.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Notwithstanding any other provision of this 4.14 (B)(ii), if (i) there is a 
reduction in the payment of benefits as described in this paragraph, (ii) 
the IRS later determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax, the 
payment of which would result in the maximization of Executive's net 
after-tax proceeds (calculated as if Executive's benefits had not 
previously been reduced), and (iii) Executive pays the Excise Tax, then the 
Company shall pay to Executive those benefits which were reduced pursuant 
to this paragraph as soon as administratively possible after Executive pays 
the Excise Tax, so that Executive's net after-tax proceeds with respect to 
the payment of benefits are maximized.

(B)  Section 409A of the Code.

    (i) Interpretation. Notwithstanding the other provisions hereof, this
    Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A
    of the Code, to the extent applicable, and this Agreement shall be
    interpreted to avoid any penalty sanctions under Section 409A of the
    Code. Accordingly, all provisions herein, or incorporated by reference,
    shall be construed and interpreted to comply with Section 409A of the
    Code and, if necessary, any such provision shall be deemed amended to
    comply with Section 409A of the Code and regulations thereunder. If any
    payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified
    herein without incurring sanctions under Section 409A of the Code, then
    such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time
    thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. Any amount payable
    under this Agreement that constitutes deferred compensation subject to
    Section 409A of the Code shall be paid at the time provided under this
    Agreement or such other time as permitted under Section 409A of the
    Code. No interest will be payable with respect to any amount paid
    within a time period permitted by, or delayed because of, Section 409A
    of the Code. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment
    under this Agreement that are deferred compensation may only be made
    upon a "separation from service" under Section 409A of the Code. For
    purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each payment made under this
    Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. In no event may
    Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of
    payment.

    (ii) Payment Delay. To the maximum extent permitted under Section 409A
    of the Code, the severance benefits payable under this Agreement are
    intended to comply with the "short-term deferral exception" under
    Treas. Reg. §1.409A-1(b)(4), and any remaining amount is intended to
    comply with the "separation pay exception" under Treas. Reg.
    §1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii); provided, however, any amount payable to
    Executive during the six (6) month period following Executive's
    Termination Date that does not qualify within either of the foregoing
    exceptions and constitutes deferred compensation subject to the
    requirements of Section 409A of the Code, then such amount shall
    hereinafter be referred to as the "Excess Amount." If at the time of
    Executive's separation from service, the Company's (or any entity
    required to be aggregated with the Company under Section 409A of the
    Code) stock is publicly-traded on an established securities market or
    otherwise and Executive is a "specified employee" (as defined in
    Section 409A of the Code and determined in the sole discretion of the
    Company (or any successor thereto) in accordance with the Company's (or
    any successor thereto) "specified employee" determination policy), then
    the Company shall postpone the commencement of the payment of the
    portion of the Excess Amount that is payable within the six (6) month
    period following Executive's Termination Date with the Company (or any
    successor thereto) for six (6) months following Executive's Termination
    Date with the Company (or any successor thereto). The delayed Excess
    Amount shall be paid in a lump sum to Executive within ten (10) days
    following the date that is six (6) months following Executive's
    Termination Date with the Company (or any successor thereto). If
    Executive dies during such six (6) month period and prior to the
    payment of the portion of the Excess Amount that is required to be
    delayed on account of Section 409A of the Code, such Excess Amount
    shall be paid to the personal representative of Executive's estate
    within sixty (60) days after Executive's death.

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


    (iii)  Compliance with 409A.  The parties intend that this Agreement
    will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.  To
    the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its
    compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read
    in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section
    409A of the Code.  Each payment pursuant to this agreement is intended
    to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation
    Section 1.409a2(b)(2).  The parties agree that this Agreement may be
    amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be
    necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related
    rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits
    provided hereunder without additional cost to either party.

    (iv)  No Representations by Company.  The Company makes no
    representation or warranty and shall have no liability to Executive or
    any other person if any provisions of this agreement are determined to
    constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code
    but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the conditions of, such
    section.


4.16 Indemnification and D&O Insurance. Executive will be provided 
indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by the Company's and its 
subsidiaries' and affiliates' Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, 
including, if applicable, any directors and officers insurance policies 
which the Company may, in its sole discretion, elect to purchase, with such 
indemnification to be on terms determined by the Board or any of its 
committees, but on terms no less favorable than provided to any other 
Company executive officer or director and subject to the terms of any 
separate written indemnification agreement.


(Balance of page left intentionally blank)

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Executive have duly executed this 
Employment Agreement as of the date first written above.



                                UNITED CASUALTY & SURETY INSURANCE COMPANY



       By: /s/ Timothy M. Carrigan 
             Name: Timothy M. Carrigan
              Title: Treasurer / Secretary


                                /s/ Todd S. Carrign 
       Todd S. Carrigan



15

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exhibit A

UNITED CASUALTY & SURETY INSURANCE COMPANY

AGREEMENT REGARDING ASSIGNMENT OF INVENTIONS,
CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION

Name:  Todd S. Carrigan

Date: May 20, 2016

In consideration of my current and continued employment with United 
Casualty & Surety Insurance Company (the "Company"), I hereby agree with 
the Company as follows:

SECTION 1. CONFIDENTIALITY.

I understand and agree that my performance of services for the Company (the 
"Services") creates a relationship of confidence and trust between me and 
the Company with respect to (i) all Proprietary Information (as defined in 
Section 7 herein) and (ii) Third Party Information (as defined in Section 7 
herein).  The information referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of the 
preceding sentence is referred to in this Agreement, collectively, as "
Confidential Information."  At all times, both during my relationship with 
the Company and after its termination, I will keep in confidence and trust 
all such Confidential Information, and will not use or disclose any such 
Confidential Information without the written consent of the Company, except 
as may be necessary in the ordinary course of performing my duties to the 
Company.  The restrictions set forth in this Section 1 will not apply to 
information that is generally known now or in the future to the public or 
in the trade, unless such knowledge results from an unauthorized disclosure 
by me, but this exception will not affect the application of any other 
provision of this Agreement to such information in accordance with the 
terms of such provision.

SECTION 2. MATERIALS.

All documents, records, apparatus, equipment, software, hardware, manuals, 
guides, lists, customer information, correspondence, data, reports and all 
other property, whether or not pertaining to Proprietary Information, which 
are furnished to me by the Company or are produced by me in connection with 
my relationship with the Company will be and remain the sole property of 
the Company.  I will return to the Company all such materials and property 
as and when requested by the Company.  In any event, I will return all such 
materials and property immediately upon termination of my relationship with 
the Company for any reason.  I will not take with me any such material or 
property or any copies thereof upon such termination.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

SECTION 3. OWNERSHIP OF INVENTIONS.

I agree that all Inventions (as defined in Section 7 herein) that I 
conceive or develop, in whole or in part, either alone or jointly with 
others, during the term of my relationship with the Company that (a) relate 
to the business of the Company or any of the products or services being 
developed, manufactured or sold by the Company, (b) result from tasks 
assigned to me by the Company, or (c) result from the use of the Company's 
Proprietary Information, premises or property (the foregoing being 
hereinafter collectively referred to as "Company Inventions") will be the 
sole property of the Company.  The Company will be the sole owner of all 
patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, domain names, social media 
accounts and user names, and other proprietary rights in and with respect 
to such Company Inventions.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, such 
Company Inventions will be deemed works made for hire.  I hereby transfer 
and assign to the Company or its designee any proprietary rights that I may 
have or acquire in any such Company Inventions, and I waive any moral 
rights or other special rights that I may have or accrue therein.  I agree 
to promptly disclose to the Company, or any persons designated by it, all 
Company Inventions that are or may be subject to the provisions of this 
Section 3.  I agree to execute any documents and take any actions that may 
be required to effect and confirm such transfer and assignment and waiver.  
The provisions of this Section 3 will apply to all Company Inventions that 
are conceived or developed during the term of my relationship with the 
Company, whether before or after the date of this Agreement, and whether or 
not further development or reduction to practice may take place after 
termination of my relationship with the Company, for which purpose it will 
be presumed that any Company Inventions conceived by me that are reduced to 
practice within one (1) year after termination of my relationship with the 
Company were conceived during the term of such service unless I am able to 
establish a later conception date by clear and convincing evidence.  The 
provisions of this Section 3 will not apply, however, to any Inventions 
that may be disclosed in a separate Schedule attached to this Agreement 
prior to its acceptance by the Company, representing Inventions made by me 
prior to my relationship with the Company.

SECTION 4. OBTAINING AND ENFORCING PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

I agree to assist the Company, at the Company's request from time to time 
and at the Company's expense, to obtain and enforce patents, copyrights, 
trademarks, service marks, or other proprietary rights with respect to 
Company Inventions in any and all countries.  I will execute all documents 
reasonably necessary or appropriate for this purpose.  This obligation will 
survive the termination of my relationship with the Company, provided that 
the Company will compensate me at a reasonable rate after such termination 
for time actually spent by me at the Company's request on such assistance.  
In the event that the Company is unable for any reason whatsoever to secure 
my signature to any document reasonably necessary or appropriate for any of 
the foregoing purposes (including renewals, extensions, continuations, 
divisions or continuations in part), I hereby irrevocably designate and 
appoint the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my 
agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for me and on my behalf, but only for 
the purpose of executing and filing any such document and doing all other 
lawfully permitted acts to accomplish the foregoing purposes with the same 
legal force and effect as if executed by me.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

SECTION 5. THIRD-PARTY AGREEMENTS AND RIGHTS.

I hereby confirm that I am not bound by the terms of any agreement with any 
previous employer or other party that restricts in any way my use or 
disclosure of information or my engagement in any business or conflict with 
the ownership rights in the Company Inventions conferred to the Company 
hereunder, except as may be disclosed in a separate Schedule attached to 
this Agreement prior to its acceptance by the Company.  I have delivered to 
the Company true and complete copies of any agreements listed on said 
Schedule.  I represent to the Company that my execution of this Agreement, 
my relationship with the Company and the performance of my proposed duties 
for the Company will not violate any obligations I may have to any such 
previous employer or other party.  In my work for the Company, I will not 
disclose or make use of any information in violation of any agreements with 
or rights of any such previous employer or other party, and I will not 
bring to the premises of the Company any copies or other tangible 
embodiments of non-public information belonging to or obtained from any 
such previous employment or other party.

SECTION 6. NON-COMPETITION, NON-SOLICITATION AND NON-DISPARAGEMENT.

6.1 Non-Competition.  During the term of my relationship with the Company 
and for a period of one (1) year thereafter (the "Restricted Period"), I 
will not, without the prior consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, 
whether as owner, partner, stockholder, consultant, manager, agent, 
employee, co-venturer or otherwise, engage, participate or invest in any 
business activity anywhere in any state where the Company conducts business 
(a "Competitor") that markets or installs products or performs services 
that are competitive with or similar to the products or services of the 
Company, or products or services that the Company has under development or 
that are the subject of active planning at any time during the term of my 
relationship with the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, I understand 
that I may hold stock in a Competitor if the stock is publicly traded and 
the amount of stock I hold is less than one percent (1%) of the outstanding 
capital stock of the Competitor.

6.2 Non-Solicitation.  During the term of my relationship with Company and 
during the Restricted Period, I will refrain from directly or indirectly, 
whether as owner, partner, stockholder, consultant, manager, agent, 
employee, co-venturer or otherwise, (i) employing, attempting to employ, 
recruiting or otherwise soliciting, inducing or influencing any person who 
is or was at any time during the Restricted Period employed by, associated 
with or a consultant to the Company, to leave the employment or service of 
the Company and (ii) soliciting or encouraging, or attempting to solicit or 
encourage, any client, customer or supplier to terminate or otherwise 
modify adversely its business relationship with the Company or otherwise 
diverting or taking away from the Company any other party having material 
business relations with the Company.  I understand that the restrictions 
set forth in this Section 6 are intended to protect the Company's interest 
in its Proprietary Information and established customer relationships and 
goodwill, and agree that such restrictions are reasonable and appropriate 
for this purpose.

6.3 Non-Disparagement. I hereby agree that I shall not, during my 
employment with the Company and thereafter, make any false, disparaging or 
derogatory statements to any third party, including any media outlet, 
industry group, financial institution or current or former employee, 
consultant, client, supplier or customer of the Company, regarding the 
Company or any of its officers, directors or employees, or about the 
Company's business affairs and financial condition.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


SECTION 7. DEFINITIONS.

7.1 Proprietary Information.  As used in this Agreement, "Proprietary 
Information" means information that the Company possesses or to which the 
Company has rights that has commercial value.  Proprietary Information 
includes, by way of example and without limitation, trade secrets, product 
ideas, designs, configurations, processes, techniques, formulas, software, 
source and object code, domain names, improvements, inventions, data, 
know-how, copyrightable materials, trademarks, service marks, domain names, 
web sites, social media accounts and user names, marketing plans and 
strategies, sales and financial reports and forecasts, price lists, pricing 
methodologies, cost data, contract information and customer lists.  
Proprietary Information includes information developed by me to be used in 
the business of the Company during the course of my relationship with the 
Company or otherwise relating to Inventions that belong to the Company 
under Section 3 above, as well as other information to which I may have 
access in connection with my relationship with the Company.

7.2 Third Party Information.  As used in this Agreement, "Third Party 
Information" means confidential or proprietary information of third parties 
(i) that was received or may in the future be received either (x) by me in 
the course of my relationship with the Company or (y) by the Company and 
(ii) as to which, at the time of such receipt or at any time thereafter, 
either the Company is or I am subject to a duty to maintain the 
confidentiality of such information or to use it only for certain limited 
purposes.

7.3 Inventions.  As used in this Agreement, "Inventions" means any and all 
inventions, developments, creative works and useful ideas of any kind or 
description whatsoever, whether or not patentable or copyrightable.  
Inventions include, by way of example and without limitation, discoveries 
and improvements that consist of or relate to any form of Proprietary 
Information.

7.4 Company.  For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the "
Company" will be deemed to include the Company, its predecessors, 
successors, assigns and its direct or indirect subsidiaries and affiliates.

SECTION 8. GENERAL.

8.1 Injunction.  I agree that it would be difficult to measure any damages 
caused to the Company that might result from any breach by me of the 
promises set forth in this Agreement, and that in any event money damages 
would be an inadequate remedy for any such breach.  Accordingly, I agree 
that if I breach, or propose to breach, any portion of this Agreement, the 
Company shall be entitled, in addition to all other remedies that it may 
have, to an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief to restrain 
any such breach without showing or proving any actual damage to the 
Company.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


8.2 Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement will be binding upon me and my 
heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives and will inure 
to the benefit of the Company, any subsidiary of the Company, and its and 
their respective successors and assigns.  I may not assign any of my 
rights, or delegate any of my obligations under this Agreement.

8.3 Enforceability.  If any portion or provision of this Agreement is to 
any extent declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, then the illegal or unenforceable provision shall be deemed 
reformed to the extent necessary to be legally enforceable and the 
remainder of this Agreement, will not be affected thereby, and each portion 
and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the 
fullest extent permitted by law.  In the event that any provision of this 
Agreement is determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be 
unenforceable by reason of excessive scope as to geographic, temporal or 
functional coverage, such provision will be deemed to extend only over the 
maximum geographic, temporal and functional scope as to which it may be 
enforceable.

8.4 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement 
between the Company and myself with respect to the subject matter hereof, 
and supersedes all prior representations and agreements with respect to 
such subject matter.  This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived 
except by a written instrument duly executed by the person against whom 
enforcement of such amendment, modification or waiver is sought.  The 
failure of any party to require the performance of any term or obligation 
of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this 
Agreement, in any particular case will not prevent any subsequent 
enforcement of such term or obligation or to be deemed a waiver of any 
separate or subsequent breach.

8.5 No Contract of Employment.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be 
construed as a contract of employment between myself and the Company or as 
a commitment on the part of the Company to retain me in any capacity for 
any period of time.

8.6 Notices.  Any notice or demand that, by any provision of this Agreement 
or any agreement, document or instrument executed pursuant hereto, except 
as otherwise provided therein, is required or provided to be given shall be 
deemed to have been sufficiently given or served and received for all 
purposes when delivered by hand, telecopy, or other method of facsimile or 
five (5) days after being sent by certified or registered mail, postage and 
charges prepaid, return receipt requested, or two (2) days after being sent 
by overnight delivery providing receipt of delivery, to the following 
addresses: if to the Company, at its main offices, or at any other address 
designated by the Company to me in writing; and if to me, at my mailing 
address as shown on the signature page hereof, or at any other address 
designated by me to the Company in writing.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


8.7 Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed under and be governed 
in all respects by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without 
regard to its principles of conflict of laws.  The parties hereto agree 
that the state or federal courts located within The Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising 
out of this Agreement and hereby agree to submit to personal jurisdiction 
of such courts.


I UNDERSTAND THAT THIS AGREEMENT AFFECTS IMPORTANT RIGHTS.  I HAVE READ IT 
CAREFULLY AND AM SATISFIED THAT I UNDERSTAND IT COMPLETELY.  I HAVE HAD THE 
OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT INDEPENDENT COUNSEL OF MY OWN CHOOSING PRIOR TO 
EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT.



                         /s/ Todd S. Carrigan 
                               (Signed)

                         Print Name: Todd S. Carrigan


Address: 	
96 Sims Road
                               Wollaston, MA 02171

 
Accepted and Agreed to by:

UNITED CASUALTY & SURETY INSURANCE COMPANY

By:  /s/ Timothy M. Carrigan 
Name:  Timothy M. Carrigan
Title:   Treasurer / Secretary


6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exhibit B

UNITED CASUALTY & SURETY INSURANCE COMPANY

Annual Bonus Plan


(See Attached Plan)

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHEDULE OF PRIOR INVENTIONS


Name: Todd S. Carrigan

Date: May 20, 2016







                         /s/ Todd S. Carrigan 
                               (signed)

                         Print Name: Todd S. Carrigan

Accepted and Agreed to by

UNITED CASUALTY & SURETY INSURANCE COMPANY



By:  /s/ Timothy M. Carrigan 
Name:  Timothy M. Carrigan
Title:   Treasurer / Secretary



8

------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHEDULE OF THIRD‑PARTY AGREEMENTS


Name: Todd S. Carrigan

Date: May 20, 2016


 



                         /s/ Todd S. Carrigan 
                               (signed)

                         Print Name: Todd S. Carrigan


Accepted and Agreed to by

UNITED CASUALTY & SURETY INSURANCE COMPANY



By:  /s/ Timothy M. Carrigan 
Name:  Timothy M. Carrigan
Title:   Treasurer / Secretary



9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Exhibit C

UNITED CASUALTY & SURETY INSURANCE COMPANY

RELEASE OF CLAIMS

This Release of Claims ("Agreement") is made by and between UNITED CASUALTY 
& SURETY INSURANCE COMPANY ("UC&S") and Todd S. Carrigan.

WHEREAS, you have agreed to enter into a release of claims in favor of UC&S 
upon certain events specified in the Executive Employment Agreement by and 
between UC&S and you;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, UC&S 
and you agree as follows:

1. Termination Date. This means the last day of your employment with UC&S.

2. Acknowledgement of Payment of Wages. You acknowledge that UC&S has paid 
you all accrued wages, salary, bonuses, accrued but unused vacation pay and 
any similar payment due and owing, with the exception of the payments and 
benefits owed to you under the Executive Employment Agreement and/or under 
any equity-based compensation awards.

3. Confidential Information and Non-Competition. You hereby acknowledge 
that you are bound by (i) the Agreement Regarding Assignment of Inventions, 
Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement dated May  
__, 2016 [and (ii) if this release is executed on or before the fifth 
anniversary of the Closing Date as defined in Section 2.01 of that certain 
Stock Purchase Agreement dated May __, 2016 by and among General Indemnity 
Group, LLC and the Stockholders of the Company as of such date (the "SPA"), 
the provisions of Section 11.1 of the SPA].  You further confirm that 
within five business days following the Termination Date you will deliver 
to UC&S all documents and data of any nature containing or pertaining to 
such Confidential Information and that you will not take with you any such 
documents or data or any reproduction thereof.

4. Release and Waiver of All Claims. In consideration of the benefits 
provided in this Agreement, you release UC&S, and any and all past, current 
and future parent, subsidiary, related and affiliated companies, 
predecessors and successors thereto, as well as their officers, directors, 
shareholders, agents, employees, affiliates, representatives, attorneys, 
insurers, successors and assigns, from any and all claims, liability, 
damages or causes of action whatsoever, whether known or unknown, which 
exist or may in the future exist arising from or relating to events, acts 
or omissions on or before the Effective Date of this Agreement, other than 
those rights which as a matter of law cannot be waived.

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


You understand and acknowledge that this release includes, but is not 
limited to any claim for reinstatement, re-employment, damages, attorney 
fees, stock options, bonuses or additional compensation in any form, and 
any claim, including but not limited to those arising under tort, contract 
and local, state or federal statute, including but not limited to Title VII 
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Post 
Civil War Civil Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 1981-88), the Equal Pay Act, the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the 
Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act, the Fair Labor Standards 
Act, the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Uniformed Services 
Employment and Re-employment Rights Act, the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, and the civil rights, employment, and labor laws of 
any state and any regulation under such authorities relating to your 
employment or association with UC&S or the termination of that 
relationship.

You also acknowledge that you are waiving and releasing any rights you may 
have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA) and that this 
waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. You acknowledge that (1) you 
have been, and hereby are, advised in writing to consult with an attorney 
prior to executing this Agreement; (2) as consideration for executing this 
Agreement, you have received additional benefits and compensation of value 
to which you would otherwise not be entitled, and (3) by signing this 
Agreement, you will not waive rights or claims under the Act which may 
arise after the execution of this Agreement; and (4) you have twenty-one 
(21) calendar days within which to consider this Agreement and in the event 
you sign the Agreement prior to 21days, you do so voluntarily. Once you 
have accepted the terms of this Agreement, you will have an additional 
seven (7) calendar days in which to revoke such acceptance. To revoke, you 
must send a written statement of revocation to the Vice President of Human 
Resources. If you revoke within seven (7) days, you will receive no 
benefits under this Agreement. In the event you do not exercise your right 
to revoke this Agreement, the Agreement shall become effective on the date 
immediately following the seven-day (7) waiting period described above.

This release does not waive any rights you may have under any directors and 
officers insurance or indemnity provision, agreement or policy in effect as 
of the Termination Date, nor does it affect vested rights you may have 
under any equity-based compensation plan, retirement plan, 401(k) plan or 
other benefits plan.

Witness my hand and seal on the date set forth below.



DATE: _________________ ____________________________________
                                         Todd S. Carrigan


11

------------------------------------------------------------------------