 EX-10.1 2 d454650dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION
 
 
 

$1,300,000,000

BEACON ESCROW CORPORATION

4.875% Senior Notes due 2025

PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Dated: October 11, 2017
 
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 
 SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties
   	  	4 	 
 SECTION 2. Sale and Delivery to Initial Purchasers; Closing; Agreements to
 Sell, Purchase and Resell
   	  	18 	 
 SECTION 3. Covenants of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors
   	  	19 	 
 SECTION 4. Payment of Expenses
   	  	24 	 
 SECTION 5. Conditions of Initial Purchasers Obligations
   	  	25 	 
 SECTION 6. Indemnification
   	  	27 	 
 SECTION 7. Contribution
   	  	29 	 
 SECTION 8. Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
   	  	30 	 
 SECTION 9. Termination of Agreement
   	  	31 	 
 SECTION 10. Default by One or More of the Initial Purchasers
   	  	31 	 
 SECTION 11. Notices
   	  	32 	 
 SECTION 12. Parties
   	  	33 	 
 SECTION 13. Governing Law and Time
   	  	33 	 
 SECTION 14. Effect of Headings
   	  	33 	 
 SECTION 15. Definitions
   	  	33 	 
 SECTION 16. Permitted Free Writing Documents
   	  	35 	 
 SECTION 17. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship
   	  	35 	 
 SECTION 18. Research Analyst Independence and Other Activities of the
 Initial Purchasers
   	  	36 	 
 SECTION 19. Waiver of Jury Trial
   	  	36 	 
 SECTION 20. Consent to Jurisdiction
   	  	36 	 
 SECTION 21. Counterparts
   	  	37 	 
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBITS
 
Exhibit A 	   	 	   	Initial Purchasers
Exhibit B 	   	 	   	Guarantors
Exhibit C 	   	 	   	Purchase Agreement Joinder
Exhibit D 	   	 	   	Subsidiaries of the Company
Exhibit E 	   	 	   	Form of Pricing Term Sheet
Exhibit F 	   	 	   	Amendments; Issuer Free Writing Documents
Exhibit G 	   	 	   	Forms of Opinions of Company Counsel
Exhibit H 	   	 	   	Form of Escrow Agreement
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
$1,300,000,000

BEACON ESCROW CORPORATION

4.875% Senior Notes due 2025

PURCHASE AGREEMENT

October 11, 2017

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
As Representatives of the several Initial Purchasers
c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
550 S. Tryon Street
Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Beacon Escrow Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Issuer) and a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement with Wells Fargo 
Securities, LLC (Wells Fargo) and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Citi) 
and each of the other Initial Purchasers named on Exhibit A hereto 
(collectively, the Initial Purchasers, which term shall also include any 
person substituted for an Initial Purchaser pursuant to Section 10 hereof), 
for whom Wells Fargo and Citi are acting as representatives (in such 
capacity, the Representatives), with respect to the issue and sale by the 
Issuer and the purchase by the Initial Purchasers, acting severally and not 
jointly, of $1,300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 
4.875% Senior Notes due 2025 (the Securities). The Securities will be 
issued pursuant to an Indenture to be dated as of October 25, 2017 (the 
Indenture) between the Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as 
trustee (the Trustee). On the Escrow Release Date (as defined below), the 
obligations of the Issuer will be assumed by the Company pursuant to a 
supplemental indenture, to be dated as of the Escrow Release Date, among 
the Company, the Guarantors (as defined below) and the Trustee (the 
Supplemental Indenture).

Effective as of the Escrow Release Date, pursuant to the Supplemental 
Indenture, the Companys monetary obligations under the Securities, 
including the due and punctual payment of principal and interest on the 
Securities, will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and 
severally, on an unsecured senior basis (the Guarantees) by the 
guarantors named on Exhibit B hereto (the Guarantors). On the Escrow 
Release Date, each Guarantor will also enter into a joinder agreement to 
this Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C (the 
Purchase Agreement Joinder), pursuant to which they will acknowledge and 
agree to (i) join and become a party to this Agreement; (ii) be bound by 
all covenants, agreements, representations, warranties and acknowledgements 
attributable to a Guarantor in this Agreement, as if made by, and with 
respect to, each Guarantor on the date hereof; and (iii) perform all 
obligations and duties required of a Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement. 
As used herein, (i) the term subsidiary or subsidiaries as of any time 
shall mean the subsidiaries of the Company at such time including, 
immediately after the date of the Acquisition (as defined
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
below), the Acquired Company (as defined below) and the subsidiaries of the 
Acquired Company, (ii) the term Securities shall include the Guarantees, 
in each case unless the context otherwise requires and (iii) the term 
Transaction Documents shall include this Agreement, the Purchase 
Agreement Joinder, the Securities, the Indenture, the Supplemental 
Indenture and the Escrow Agreement (as defined below). Certain terms used 
in this purchase agreement (this Agreement) are defined in Section 15 
hereof.

The Company has entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 
24, 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including all 
exhibits, schedules and attachments thereto, the Acquisition Agreement), 
among the Company, Oldcastle, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Allied Parent
), and Oldcastle Distribution, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Allied 
Seller), pursuant to which the Company will acquire 100% of the 
outstanding capital stock of Allied Building Products Corp., a New Jersey 
corporation (Allied), and Kapalama Kilgos Acquisition Corp., a Delaware 
corporation (Kilauea and, together with Allied and its and their 
respective subsidiaries, being hereinafter called the Acquired Company), 
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Acquisition 
Agreement (the Acquisition). The Company expects to finance the 
Acquisition with, among other sources, (i) the cash proceeds from the sale 
of Securities under this Agreement and (ii) borrowings (the Borrowings) 
under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as such term is defined in 
the Offering Memorandum).

On the Closing Date, the Issuer will enter into an escrow agreement 
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H (as amended, 
supplemented or modified from time to time, the Escrow Agreement), with 
the Trustee and U.S. Bank National Association as escrow agent (in such 
capacity, together with its successors, the Escrow Agent), pursuant to 
which, if the conditions to the Escrow Release (as defined below) will not 
be satisfied substantially concurrently with the closing of the offering of 
the Securities on the Closing Date, the Issuer will deposit, or cause to be 
deposited, into a segregated escrow account (the Escrow Account) with the 
Escrow Agent (collectively, with any other property from time to time held 
by the Escrow Agent for the benefit of holders of the Securities, the 
Escrowed Property) on the Closing Date (i) an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the offering of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement 
and (ii) an additional amount in cash that, when taken together with the 
net proceeds of the offering of the Securities contemplated by this 
Agreement deposited into the Escrow Account, is equal to 100.0% of the 
principal amount of the Securities plus the amount of interest that will 
accrue on the Securities through October 31, 2017. In addition, the Escrow 
Agreement will provide that on or prior to the date that is five business 
days prior to the last day of each month, from and including October 2017 
through and including July 2018 (in each case, unless the Escrow Release 
has occurred), the Issuer will deposit, or the Company will cause to be 
deposited, into the Escrow Account an amount in cash equal to the amount of 
interest that will accrue on the Notes from (and including) the first day 
of the following month through (and including) the last day of such 
following month. In the event that the conditions to the Escrow Release 
have not been satisfied on or prior to February 28, 2018, the Escrow 
Agreement will require the Issuer to deposit, or the Company to cause to be 
deposited, into the Escrow Account on March 1, 2018 an additional amount of 
cash that, when taken together with the Escrowed Property (excluding 
amounts deposited in respect of prefunded interest) then held in the Escrow 
Account, is equal to 101.0% of the principal amount of the Securities. If 
the offering of the Securities closes substantially concurrently with the 
Acquisition then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Escrow 
Account arrangements described herein will not be implemented and the 
Securities will not be subject to the special mandatory redemption 
provisions described herein.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Escrowed Property will be released to the Company upon satisfaction of 
all conditions precedent to such release, as set forth in the Escrow 
Agreement (such release, the Escrow Release, with the date of such 
release referred to herein as the Escrow Release Date). If (i) the 
conditions precedent to the Escrow Release set forth in the Escrow 
Agreement are not satisfied on or before August 31, 2018 (the Outside Date
) or (ii) prior to the Outside Date, the Acquisition Agreement is 
terminated or the Company notifies the Trustee and the Escrow Agent or 
otherwise announces that the Acquisition Agreement has been or will be 
terminated or that the Company has determined that the Acquisition will not 
otherwise be pursued, then the Issuer will, no later than three business 
days following the Outside Date or the date of such termination or 
notification, as applicable (such date, the Special Mandatory Redemption 
Date), be required to redeem the Securities (the Special Mandatory 
Redemption) at a redemption price equal to (x) 100.0% of the principal 
amount of the Securities if the Special Mandatory Redemption Date occurs on 
or prior to February 28, 2018, or (y) 101.0% of the principal amount of the 
Securities if the Special Mandatory Redemption Date occurs after February 
28, 2018, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the 
Special Mandatory Redemption Date (subject to the right of holders of 
Securities of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on 
an interest payment date falling prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption 
Date). At the time of the closing of the Acquisition, (i) the Issuer will 
merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the 
surviving corporation (the Escrow Merger), (ii) the Company will assume 
all of the Issuers obligations under the Securities and the Indenture 
pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture (the Assumption) and (iii) subject 
to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Escrow 
Agreement, the Escrowed Property will be released to the Company and then 
applied to finance the Acquisition and pay related fees and expenses.

The Securities will be offered and sold to the Initial Purchasers without 
registration under the 1933 Act, in reliance on the exemption provided by 
Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. The Company has prepared a preliminary 
offering memorandum, dated October 10, 2017 (the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum), a pricing term sheet substantially in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit E (the Pricing Term Sheet) setting forth the terms of 
the Securities omitted from the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and an 
offering memorandum, dated October 11, 2017 (the Offering Memorandum), 
setting forth information regarding the Company and the Securities. The 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum, as supplemented and amended as of the 
Applicable Time, together with the documents listed on Exhibit F(1) hereto, 
are collectively referred to as the General Disclosure Package. The 
Issuer and the Company hereby confirm that they have authorized the use of 
the General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum in connection 
with the offering and resale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers.

Any reference to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, General Disclosure 
Package or the Offering Memorandum, as the case may be, as amended or 
supplemented, as of any specified date, shall be deemed to include any 
documents filed with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c) or 
15(d) of the 1934 Act as of and after the date of the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum, General Disclosure Package or the Offering Memorandum, as the 
case may be,
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and prior to such specified date and incorporated by reference therein. All 
such documents filed under the 1934 Act and so incorporated by reference in 
the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, General Disclosure Package or the 
Offering Memorandum, as the case may be, or any amendment or supplement 
thereto, are hereinafter called the Exchange Act Reports.

You have advised the Issuer and the Company that you will offer and resell 
(the Exempt Resales) the Securities purchased by you hereunder on the 
terms set forth in each of the General Disclosure Package and the Offering 
Memorandum, as amended or supplemented, solely to (i) persons whom you 
reasonably believe to be qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) as 
defined in Rule 144A under the 1933 Act (Rule 144A), and (ii) outside the 
United States to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S under the 
1933 Act (Regulation S). Those persons specified in clauses (i) and (ii) 
of this paragraph are referred to herein as Eligible Purchasers.

SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties.

(a) Representations and Warranties by the Issuer, the Company and the 
Guarantors. The Issuer, the Company and, upon the delivery of the Purchase 
Agreement Joinder, each Guarantor, jointly and severally, represent and 
warrant to each Initial Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of the 
Closing Date, and agree with each Initial Purchaser as follows:

(1) Rule 144A Information. Each of the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the 
General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum, each as of its 
respective date, contains all the information, if any, required by Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the 1933 Act.

(2) No Stop Orders. The Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the General 
Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum have been prepared by the 
Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors for use by the Initial Purchasers in 
connection with the Exempt Resales. No order or decree preventing the use 
of the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the General Disclosure Package or 
the Offering Memorandum, or any order asserting that the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the registration requirements 
of the 1933 Act has been issued, and no proceeding for that purpose has 
been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Issuer, the Company or any of 
the Guarantors, threatened by the Commission.

(3) No Material Misstatement or Omission. (i) The Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum, as of the date thereof, did not include any untrue statement of 
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make 
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they 
were made, not misleading, (ii) the General Disclosure Package, as of the 
Applicable Time, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements 
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
misleading, (iii) the Offering Memorandum, as of the date thereof, did not 
and, at the Closing Date, will not include any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make 
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they 
were made, not misleading and (iv) each Issuer Free Writing Document (as 
defined below) set forth on Exhibit F(2), as of the date thereof,
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
when taken together with the General Disclosure Package, did not, and, at 
the Closing Date, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact 
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements 
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
misleading.

The representations and warranties in the preceding paragraph do not apply 
to statements in or omissions from the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the 
Offering Memorandum, the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free 
Writing Document or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing 
made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in 
writing to the Issuer or the Company by or on behalf of any Initial 
Purchaser through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being 
understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the 
Initial Purchasers as aforesaid consists of the information described as 
such in Section 6(b) hereof.

(4) Incorporated Documents. Any Exchange Act Reports filed by the Company 
with the Commission and incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure 
Package or the Offering Memorandum, at the time such Exchange Act Reports 
were filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the 
requirements of the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations, as applicable; 
and any further Exchange Act Reports filed by the Company with the 
Commission and incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package 
or the Offering Memorandum, when such Exchange Act Reports are filed with 
the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements 
of the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations, as applicable, and will not 
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the 
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading.

(5) Reporting Compliance. The Company is subject to, and is in compliance 
in all material respects with, the reporting requirements of Section 13 and 
Section 15(d), as applicable, of the 1934 Act.

(6) Independent Accountants. Ernst & Young LLP (E&Y), who have audited 
certain financial statements of each of the Company and the Acquired 
Company and their respective subsidiaries included or incorporated by 
reference in the General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum, 
are, and have been in all such periods for which such financial statements 
are so included or incorporated by reference, an independent registered 
public accounting firm with respect to the Issuer, the Company and the 
Acquired Company and their respective subsidiaries, within the applicable 
rules and regulations adopted by (i) the Commission and the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB) with respect to 
the Company and with respect to the 2016 fiscal year of the Acquired 
Company, and (ii) the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, 
with respect to the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years of the Acquired Company, 
and, in each case, as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act 
Regulations.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(7) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company and the 
Acquired Company included or incorporated by reference in the General 
Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum, together with the related 
schedules (if any) and notes thereto, present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of the Company and the Acquired Company, 
respectively, and their respective consolidated subsidiaries at the dates 
indicated and the results of operations, changes in stockholders equity 
and cash flows of the Company and the Acquired Company, respectively, and 
their respective consolidated subsidiaries for the periods specified. All 
of such financial statements of the Company have been prepared in 
conformity with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods 
involved, and comply in all material respects with all applicable 
accounting requirements under the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, or 
the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations, as applicable. All of such 
financial statements of the Acquired Company have been prepared in 
conformity with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods 
involved, and comply in all material respects with all applicable 
requirements under Rule 3-05 of Regulation S-X of the Commission. The 
historical financial information relating to the Company and the Acquired 
Company and their respective consolidated subsidiaries in the Preliminary 
Offering Memorandum and the Offering Memorandum under the captions Summary 
Historical Consolidated Financial Information of Beacon and Summary 
Historical Combined Financial Information of Allied presents fairly, in 
all material respects, the information shown therein and has been prepared 
on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements of the 
Company and the Acquired Company and their respective consolidated 
subsidiaries included or incorporated by reference in the General 
Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum. The pro forma financial 
statements and the related notes thereto included in the Preliminary 
Offering Memorandum and the Offering Memorandum under the caption 
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information present 
fairly, in all material respects, the information shown therein and have 
been prepared in all material respects in accordance with the Commissions 
rules and guidelines with respect to pro forma financial statements, and 
the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the pro 
forma adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the 
transactions and circumstances referred to therein. The pro forma 
information appearing in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the 
Offering Memorandum under the caption Summary Unaudited Pro Forma 
Condensed Combined Financial Information presents fairly, in all material 
respects, the information shown therein and has been prepared on a basis 
consistent with that of the pro forma financial statements included in the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Offering Memorandum.

(8) No Material Adverse Change. Since the date of the most recent financial 
statements of the Company and the Acquired Company and their respective 
consolidated subsidiaries included or incorporated by reference in the 
General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum, as the case may be, 
(i) there has not been (a) any material change in the capital stock (other 
than the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of stock options 
described as outstanding in, and the vesting of restricted stock or 
restricted stock units and the grant of options and awards under existing 
equity incentive plans described in, the General Disclosure Package and the 
Offering Memorandum) or any increase in long-term debt of the Company or 
any of its
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
subsidiaries, or any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, set 
aside for payment, paid or made by the Company on any class of capital 
stock (in each case, other than prospective changes in the capital stock or 
debt of the Company and its subsidiaries attributable to or in connection 
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition 
Agreement), or (b) any material adverse change in the business, properties, 
financial position or results of operations of the Company and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Effect), or any 
development which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material 
Adverse Effect; (ii) neither the Company nor the Acquired Company nor any 
of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any transaction or 
agreement (other than the Acquisition Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated thereby) that is material to the Company or the Acquired 
Company and their respective subsidiaries taken as a whole or incurred any 
liability or obligation, direct or contingent, that is outside the ordinary 
course of business and material to the Company or the Acquired Company and 
their respective subsidiaries taken as a whole; and (iii) neither the 
Company nor the Acquired Company nor any of their respective subsidiaries 
has sustained any material loss or interference with its business from 
fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by 
insurance, or from any labor disturbance or dispute or any action, order or 
decree of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, 
except in each case as otherwise disclosed in the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum, the General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum.

(9) Organization and Good Standing. The Issuer, the Company, the Guarantors 
and each of their respective subsidiaries have been duly organized and are 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of their respective 
jurisdictions of organization, are duly qualified to do business and are in 
good standing in each jurisdiction in which their respective ownership or 
lease of property or the conduct of their respective businesses requires 
such qualification, and have all power and authority necessary to own or 
hold their respective properties and to conduct the businesses in which 
they are engaged and to enter into and perform their obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which they are a party and, in the case of the 
Company, the Acquisition Agreement, except where the failure to be so 
qualified or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the 
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(10) Ownership of Subsidiaries. The only subsidiaries of the Company are 
the subsidiaries listed on Exhibit D hereto and Exhibit D accurately sets 
forth whether each such subsidiary is a corporation, limited or general 
partnership or limited liability company and the jurisdiction of 
organization of each such subsidiary and, in the case of any subsidiary 
which is a partnership or limited liability company, its general partners 
and managing members, respectively. Any subsidiaries of the Company which 
are significant subsidiaries as defined by Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X 
are listed on Exhibit D hereto under the caption Significant 
Subsidiaries.

(11) Capitalization. The Company has an authorized capitalization as (and 
to the extent) set forth in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the 
Offering Memorandum in the Actual column of the table under the caption 
Capitalization; all the outstanding shares of capital stock of the 
Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid 
and non-assessable and are not subject to any pre-emptive or similar 
rights.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(12) No Other Securities of Same Class. When the Securities and Guarantees 
are issued and delivered pursuant to this Agreement, such Securities and 
Guarantees will not be of the same class (within the meaning of Rule 144A) 
as securities of the Issuer, the Company or the Guarantors that are listed 
on a national securities exchange registered under Section 6 of the 1934 
Act or that are quoted in a United States automated inter-dealer quotation 
system.

(13) No Registration. No registration under the 1933 Act of the Securities 
or the Guarantees, and no qualification of the Indenture under the 1939 Act 
with respect thereto, is required for the sale of the Securities and the 
Guarantees to the Initial Purchasers as contemplated hereby or for the 
initial resale of Securities by the Initial Purchasers to the Eligible 
Purchasers in the manner contemplated by the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum and the Offering Memorandum, assuming the accuracy of the 
Initial Purchasers representations and warranties in this Agreement and 
the compliance by the Initial Purchasers with the agreements set forth 
herein.

(14) No General Solicitation. No form of general solicitation or general 
advertising within the meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act was or 
will be used by the Issuer, the Company or any of their respective 
affiliates or any of their representatives (other than the Initial 
Purchasers, as to whom the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors make no 
representation) in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities as 
contemplated hereby.

(15) Regulation S Compliance. The Company is a Category 2 issuer for 
purposes of Regulation S. No directed selling efforts within the meaning of 
Rule 902 under the 1933 Act were or will be used by the Issuer, the Company 
and their respective subsidiaries or any of their representatives (other 
than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Issuer, the Company and the 
Guarantors make no representation) with respect to Securities sold in 
reliance on Regulation S, and the Issuer, any affiliate of the Issuer 
(including the Company) and any person acting on its or their behalf (other 
than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Issuer, the Company and the 
Guarantors make no representation) has complied with and will comply with 
the offering restrictions required by Rule 902 under the 1933 Act.

(16) No Integration. None of the Issuer, the Company, any Guarantor or any 
other person acting on behalf of the Issuer, the Company or any Guarantor 
has sold or issued any securities that would be integrated with the 
offering of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement pursuant to the 
1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations or the interpretations thereof by the 
Commission.

(17) Authorization of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, 
executed and delivered by the Issuer and the Company.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(18) Full Power. The Issuer, the Company and each Guarantor has full right, 
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(19) Purchase Agreement Joinder. On the Escrow Release Date, the Purchase 
Agreement Joinder will have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by 
each Guarantor. On the Escrow Release Date, each Guarantor will have full 
right, power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations 
under the Purchase Agreement Joinder.

(20) The Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized by the Issuer 
and, on the Closing Date, will have been duly executed and delivered by the 
Issuer and will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Issuer, 
enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with its terms, except as 
enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting 
enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general principles of 
equity.

(21) The Supplemental Indenture. The Supplemental Indenture (including the 
Guarantees) has been duly authorized by the Company and, on the Escrow 
Release Date, will have been duly authorized by each Guarantor and will 
have been duly executed and delivered by the Issuer, the Company and each 
Guarantor and will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Issuer, 
the Company and each Guarantor, enforceable against the Issuer, the Company 
and each Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement 
thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of 
creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity.

(22) The Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agreement has been duly authorized by 
the Issuer and, on the Closing Date, will have been duly executed and 
delivered by the Issuer and will constitute a valid and binding agreement 
of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with its terms, 
except as enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent 
conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws 
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general 
principles of equity. When executed and delivered to the Escrow Agent on 
the Closing Date, the Escrow Agreement will grant and create a valid and 
enforceable security interest in favor of the Escrow Agent for the benefit 
of the Trustee in the Escrow Account, all deposits therein and all proceeds 
thereof, which security interest will secure the redemption of the 
Securities if the conditions set forth in the Escrow Agreement to the 
Escrow Release are not satisfied on or prior to the Outside Date.

(23) The Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized by the Issuer 
and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Issuer and, 
when authenticated in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and 
delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor as provided in 
this Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the 
Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, 
except as enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent 
conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws 
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general 
principles of equity, and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled 
to the benefits of, the Indenture.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(24) The Acquisition Agreement. (A) The Acquisition Agreement has been duly 
authorized, executed and delivered by, and is a valid and binding agreement 
of, the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and, to the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the Company and each Guarantor, the Acquisition 
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and is a 
valid and binding agreement of each of Allied Parent and Allied Seller, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms, in each case except as 
enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting 
enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general principles of 
equity; and (B) to the knowledge of the Issuer, the Company and each 
Guarantor, the representations and warranties of Allied Parent and Allied 
Seller in the Acquisition Agreement were, as of the date of the Acquisition 
Agreement, and are, as of the date hereof, true and correct, except in any 
such case where such failure to be true and correct would not give rise to 
the failure of a closing condition set forth in the Acquisition Agreement 
to be satisfied.

(25) Description of the Securities and Agreements. The Securities, the 
Guarantees, the Escrow Agreement, the Indenture and the Supplemental 
Indenture conform and will conform in all material respects to the 
respective statements relating thereto contained in the Preliminary 
Offering Memorandum, the General Disclosure Package and the Offering 
Memorandum.

(26) No Violation or Default. None of the Issuer, the Company or any of 
their respective subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its Organizational 
Documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or 
lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default, in the due 
performance or observance of any term, covenant or condition contained in 
any Company Document; or (iii) in violation of any law or statute or any 
judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or 
governmental or regulatory authority, except, in the case of clauses (ii) 
and (iii) above, for any such default or violation that would not, 
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect. The execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer, the 
Company and the Guarantors of the Transaction Documents to which they are a 
party and the consummation by the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors of 
the transactions contemplated therein will not (x) conflict with or result 
in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or 
constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any 
Lien upon any property or assets of the Issuer, the Company or any of their 
respective subsidiaries pursuant to, any Company Document (other than any 
Lien created or imposed pursuant to the collateral documents relating to 
and required by the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities), (y) result in 
any violation of the provisions of the Organizational Documents of the 
Issuer, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries or (z) result 
in the violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or 
regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory 
authority, except (A) in the case of clauses (x) and (z) above, for any 
such conflict, breach, Lien or violation that would not, individually or in 
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and 
(B) in the case of clause (x) above, after giving effect to the repayment 
and termination on the Escrow Release Date of all obligations under certain 
existing indebtedness of the Company and its respective subsidiaries with 
the Borrowings and the net proceeds from the offering and sale of the 
Securities.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(27) No Undisclosed Relationships. No relationship, direct or indirect, 
exists between or among the Issuer, the Company or any of their respective 
subsidiaries, on the one hand, and (i) the directors, officers or 
stockholders of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other, that 
would be required to be described pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K 
of the Commission in a registration statement on Form S-1 of the Company 
pursuant to the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations or (ii) the customers 
or suppliers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other, that 
would be required to be described pursuant to Item 101 of Regulation S-K 
of the Commission in a registration statement on Form S-1 of the Company 
pursuant to the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, in each case that 
has not been so described in the General Disclosure Package and the 
Offering Memorandum.

(28) Absence of Labor Dispute. No material labor dispute with the employees 
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, the Company or any of the Guarantors, is imminent.

(29) Legal Proceedings. Except as described in the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum, the General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum: (i) 
there are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, 
suits or proceedings pending to which the Issuer, the Company or any of 
their respective subsidiaries is a party or to which any property of the 
Issuer, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries is the subject 
that, if determined adversely to the Issuer, the Company or any of their 
respective subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the ability of the Issuer 
or the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party or the Acquisition Agreement; and (ii) no such 
investigations, actions, suits or proceedings are, to the knowledge of the 
Issuer, the Company or any of the Guarantors, currently threatened by any 
governmental or regulatory authority or by others; and there are no current 
or pending legal, governmental or regulatory actions, suits or proceedings 
that would be required to be described in a registration statement on Form 
S-1 of the Company pursuant to the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations 
that have not been described in the General Disclosure Package and the 
Offering Memorandum.

(30) Description of Contracts. The statements made in the General 
Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum under the captions The 
Allied Transactions, Description of Notes and Plan of Distribution, 
insofar as they purport to constitute summaries of the material terms of 
the Transaction Documents and the Acquisition Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated thereby, are accurate in all material respects.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(31) Solvency. On the Closing Date and the Escrow Release Date, after 
giving pro forma effect to the Acquisition and the offering and sale of the 
Securities, the Borrowings and the use of net proceeds therefrom described 
under the caption Use of Proceeds in the General Disclosure Package and 
the Offering Memorandum, the Company and the Guarantors on a consolidated 
basis will be Solvent (as hereinafter defined). As used in this paragraph, 
the term Solvent means, with respect to a particular date, that on such 
date (i) the present fair market value (or present fair saleable value) of 
the assets of the Company and the Guarantors on a consolidated basis is not 
less than the total amount required to pay the liabilities of the Company 
and the Guarantors on a consolidated basis on their total existing debts 
and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as they become absolute 
and matured; (ii) the Company and the Guarantors on a consolidated basis 
are able to pay their total debts and other liabilities, contingent 
obligations and commitments as they mature and become due in the normal 
course of business; (iii) assuming consummation of the Acquisition and the 
issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement and 
the General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum and the 
consummation of the Borrowings, the Company and the Guarantors are not 
incurring debts or liabilities beyond their consolidated ability to pay as 
such debts and liabilities mature; (iv) neither the Company nor any 
Guarantor is engaged in any business or transaction, and does not propose 
to engage in any business or transaction, for which their consolidated 
property would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due 
consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which the 
Company or any Guarantor is engaged; and (v) neither the Company nor any 
Guarantor is otherwise insolvent under the standards set forth in 
applicable laws.

(32) Title to Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own 
or possess adequate rights to use all patents, patent applications, 
trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service 
mark registrations, copyrights, licenses and know-how (including trade 
secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or 
confidential information, systems or procedures) necessary for the conduct 
of their respective businesses, except where the failure to own or possess 
such rights would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect; and, to the knowledge of the Issuer, the Company and the 
Guarantors, the conduct of their respective businesses does not conflict in 
any material respect with any such rights of others, and the Company and 
its subsidiaries have not received any notice of any claim of infringement 
or conflict with any such rights of others that, if determined adversely to 
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(33) No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, 
registration or qualification of or with any court or arbitrator or 
governmental or regulatory authority is required for the execution, 
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and 
sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the consummation by the 
Issuer and the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, 
except for such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and 
registrations or qualifications as may be required under applicable state 
securities laws in connection with the offering and resale of the 
Securities by the Initial Purchasers.

(34) Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess all 
licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by, and 
have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, 
state, local or foreign governmental
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or regulatory authorities that are necessary for the ownership or lease of 
their respective properties or the conduct of their respective businesses 
as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum, 
except where the failure to so possess or have made would not, individually 
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect. Except as described in the General Disclosure Package and the 
Offering Memorandum, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has 
received notice of any revocation or modification of any such license, 
certificate, permit or authorization that, if determined adversely to the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to result 
in a Material Adverse Effect.

(35) Title to Property. The Company and each of its subsidiaries have good 
and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid leasehold interest in 
or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real and 
personal property and assets that are material to the business of the 
Company and its subsidiaries, in each case, free and clear of all Liens 
except such as (a) are described in the General Disclosure Package and the 
Offering Memorandum (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Liens 
arising out of or related to the Escrow Agreement, the New Senior Secured 
Credit Facilities and the Companys existing credit facilities), (b) do 
not, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such 
property or interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such 
property by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (c) would not, 
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.

(36) Investment Company Act. Neither the Issuer, the Company nor any of the 
Guarantors is and, after giving effect to the issuance and sale of the 
Securities as herein contemplated, the Borrowings and the application of 
the net proceeds thereof as described in the General Disclosure Package and 
the Offering Memorandum, will not be required to register as an investment 
company or an entity controlled by an investment company within the 
meaning of the 1940 Act.

(37) Compliance With Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries 
(i) are in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and 
foreign laws (including the common law), statutes, codes, ordinances, 
rules, regulations, decisions, binding policies and orders relating to the 
protection of human health and safety, the environment, pollution or 
hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants 
(collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) have received and are in 
compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them 
under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; 
(iii) have not received notice of any actual or potential liability or 
obligation for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release 
of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants; and 
(iv) are not the subject of any pending, and have not received notice of 
any threatened, administrative, regulatory or judicial claims, actions, 
suits, demands, notices of noncompliance or violation, proceedings or 
governmental investigations relating to any Environmental Law, except in 
any such case for any such failure to comply, or failure to receive 
required permits, licenses or approvals, or liability, obligation, claim, 
action, suit, demand, notice, proceeding or investigation as would not, 
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(38) Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have timely filed all material 
tax returns required to be filed through the date hereof (subject to any 
permitted extensions) and (i) the Company and its subsidiaries have paid 
all federal and state income taxes (other than with respect to immaterial 
amounts being contested in good faith) and all other material federal, 
state, local and foreign taxes (including estimated taxes, assessments, 
fines and penalties), in each case, required to be paid through the date 
hereof, and (ii) there is no material tax deficiency that has been, or 
would reasonably be expected to be, asserted against the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets.

(39) Insurance. The Company and its subsidiaries have insurance which is in 
amounts and insures against such losses and risks as are reasonable and 
customary for the business in which they are engaged; and neither the 
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has (i) received notice from any 
insurer or agent of such insurer that capital improvements or other 
expenditures are required or necessary to be made in order to continue such 
insurance or (ii) any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew 
its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to 
obtain similar coverage at reasonable cost from similar insurers as may be 
necessary to continue its business.

(40) Accounting and Disclosure Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries 
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide 
reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with 
managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to 
assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or 
specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is 
compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate 
action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company has 
established, maintained and periodically evaluates the effectiveness of its 
internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and 
procedures (each as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the 1934 
Act). The Companys internal control over financial reporting and 
disclosure controls and procedures are effective and comply with the 
requirements of the 1934 Act.

There are no material weaknesses or significant deficiencies (each as 
defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the Commission) in the Companys 
internal control over financial reporting; and the Companys independent 
public accountants and the audit committee of the Companys board of 
directors have been advised of all fraud, if any, whether or not material, 
involving management or other employees who have a role in the Companys 
internal controls, in each case that occurred or existed, or was first 
detected, at any time during the three most recent fiscal years covered by 
the Companys audited financial statements included or incorporated by 
reference in the General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum or 
at any time subsequent thereto.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(41) Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no 
failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or 
officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act with which any of them is required to comply, including 
Section 402 related to loans.

(42) Margin Requirements. None of the Issuer, the Company or any of their 
respective subsidiaries or their authorized representatives (other than the 
Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors 
make no representation) has taken, and none of them will take, any action 
that would reasonably be expected to cause the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement (including the use of the net proceeds from the sale of the 
Securities) to violate Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System.

(43) Absence of Manipulation. None of the Issuer, the Company or any of 
their respective subsidiaries has taken or will take, directly or 
indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute or that would 
reasonably be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or 
manipulation of the price of any security to facilitate the sale or resale 
of the Securities.

(44) Statistical and Market-Related Data. Any statistical, demographic, 
market-related and similar data included or incorporated by reference in 
the General Disclosure Package or the Offering Memorandum are based on or 
derived from sources that the Company believes to be reliable, and nothing 
has come to the attention of the Company that has caused it to believe that 
such data is not accurate in all material respects.

(45) No Unlawful Payments. None of the Issuer, the Company or any of their 
respective subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Issuer, the Company and 
the Guarantors, the Acquired Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of 
their respective directors, officers, agents, employees or controlled 
affiliates, has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that has resulted 
or would reasonably be expected to result in a violation by any such person 
of the FCPA and all similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and 
regulations of foreign jurisdictions to the extent applicable to the 
Company and the Acquired Company and their respective subsidiaries 
(together with the FCPA, Anti-Corruption Laws), including any offer, 
payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money or 
other property, gift, promise to give or authorization of the giving of 
anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the 
FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate 
for foreign political office, in contravention of any Anti-Corruption Laws; 
and the Issuer, the Company and their respective subsidiaries, and, to the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, the Acquired 
Company and its subsidiaries and their respective controlled affiliates 
have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with 
all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and have instituted and maintain 
policies and procedures designed to promote, and which are reasonably 
expected to promote, continued compliance therewith.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(46) Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Issuer, the Company and 
their respective subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
Company and the Guarantors, of the Acquired Company and its subsidiaries, 
are and have been conducted in compliance in all material respects with 
applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements and the money 
laundering statutes and the rules and regulations thereunder (including the 
USA Patriot Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law 
October 26, 2001)) (the USA Patriot Act)) and any related or similar 
rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any 
governmental agency to the extent applicable to the Company and the 
Acquired Company and their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the 
Anti-Money Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or 
before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any 
arbitrator involving the Issuer, the Company or any of their respective 
subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, 
to the knowledge of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, threatened.

(47) No Conflicts with Sanctions Laws. None of the Issuer, the Company nor 
any of their respective subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Issuer, 
the Company and the Guarantors, the Acquired Company or any of its 
subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, agents, 
employees or controlled affiliates is currently subject to or the target of 
any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government (including 
but not limited to OFAC) or any other relevant sanctions authorities 
(collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
nor, to the knowledge of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, the 
Acquired Company or any of its subsidiaries, located, organized or resident 
in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including Cuba, 
Crimea, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria) (each a Sanctioned Country). 
The Company and its subsidiaries will not directly or indirectly use any of 
the net proceeds from the sale of Securities by the Company in the offering 
contemplated by this Agreement or from the Borrowings, or lend, contribute 
or otherwise make available any such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint 
venture partner or other person or entity (A) to fund any activities of or 
business with any person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time 
of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions or (B) in any other manner 
that will result in a violation by any person (including any person 
participating in the transaction, whether as initial purchaser, advisor, 
dealer, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. None of the Issuer, the 
Company nor any of their respective subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, the Acquired Company or any of 
its subsidiaries, has engaged in any dealings or transactions with or for 
the direct benefit of a person that is currently the subject of any 
Sanctions, or with or in a Sanctioned Country, in the preceding three 
years, nor does the Issuer, the Company or any of their respective 
subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Issuer, the Company and the 
Guarantors, does the Acquired Company or any of its subsidiaries, have any 
plans to increase its dealings or transactions with or for the benefit of 
such persons or with or in such Sanctioned Countries.

(48) ERISA Compliance; Employment Matters. None of the following events has 
occurred or exists: (i) a failure to fulfill the obligations, if any, under 
the minimum funding standards of Section 302 of ERISA with respect to a 
Plan determined without regard to any waiver of such obligations or 
extension of any amortization period; (ii) an
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
audit or investigation by the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Department 
of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any other federal, 
state or foreign governmental or regulatory agency with respect to the 
employment or compensation of employees by the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries; or (iii) any breach of any contractual obligation, or any 
violation of law or applicable qualification standards, with respect to the 
employment or compensation of employees by the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries; (iv) no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 
406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred with respect to any 
Plan (excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or 
administrative exemption), that, as to each of clauses (ii), (iii) and 
(iv), would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to 
result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the following events has 
occurred or is reasonably likely to occur that, individually or in the 
aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect: (i) an increase in the aggregate amount of contributions required 
to be made to all Plans in the current fiscal year of the Company and its 
subsidiaries compared to the amount of such contributions made in the 
Companys most recently completed fiscal year; (ii) an increase in the 
accumulated post-retirement benefit obligations (within the meaning of 
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715) of the Company and its 
subsidiaries compared to the amount of such obligations in the Companys 
most recently completed fiscal year; (iii) any event or condition giving 
rise to a liability under Title IV of ERISA; or (iv) the filing of a claim 
by one or more employees or former employees of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries related to its or their employment. For purposes of this 
paragraph and the definition of ERISA, the term Plan means a plan (within 
the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA) with respect to which the Company or 
any of its subsidiaries may have any liability.

(49) No Restrictions on Dividends. No subsidiary of the Company is a party 
to or otherwise bound by any instrument or agreement that prohibits, 
directly or indirectly, any subsidiary of the Company from paying any 
dividends or making any other distributions on its capital stock, limited 
or general partnership interests, limited liability company interests, or 
other equity interests, as the case may be, or from repaying any loans or 
advances from, or (except for instruments or agreements that by their 
express terms prohibit the transfer or assignment thereof or of any rights 
thereunder) transferring any of its properties or assets to, the Company or 
any other subsidiary, in each case except (i) as described in the General 
Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum or (ii) any restrictions or 
limitations contained in the Companys existing indenture or existing 
credit agreements, which credit agreements will be terminated on the Escrow 
Release Date, or that will be permitted by the Indenture after the Closing 
Date.

(50) Brokers. There is not a broker, finder or other party that is entitled 
to receive from the Company or any of its subsidiaries any brokerage or 
finders fee or other fee or commission as a result of the offering and 
sale of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, except for 
underwriting discounts and commissions payable to the Initial Purchasers 
pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement.

(b) Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Issuer, the 
Company or any Guarantor (whether signed on behalf of such officer, the 
Issuer, the Company or such Guarantor) and delivered to the Representatives 
or to counsel for the Initial Purchasers shall be deemed a representation 
and warranty by the Issuer, the Company or such Guarantor to each Initial 
Purchaser as to the matters covered thereby.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2. Sale and Delivery to Initial Purchasers; Closing; Agreements to 
Sell, Purchase and Resell

(a) The Securities. On the basis of the representations and warranties 
herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, 
the Issuer agrees to sell to each Initial Purchaser, severally and not 
jointly, and each Initial Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agrees to 
purchase from the Issuer, the aggregate principal amount of Securities set 
forth opposite such Initial Purchasers name in Exhibit A hereto plus any 
additional principal amount of Securities which such Initial Purchaser may 
become obligated to purchase pursuant to the provisions of Section 10 
hereof, in each case at a price equal to 98.500% of the principal amount 
thereof. The Issuer will not be obligated to deliver any of the Securities 
except upon payment of all of the Securities to be purchased as provided 
herein.

(b) Payment. Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the 
Securities shall be made at the offices of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, 825 
Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10019, or at such other place as shall be 
agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company, at 9:00 a.m. (New York 
City time) on October 25, 2017 (unless postponed in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 10), or such other time not later than five business 
days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the 
Issuer (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called the 
Closing Date).

Payment shall be made to the Issuer by wire transfer of immediately 
available funds to (i) if the conditions to the Escrow Release will not be 
satisfied substantially concurrently with the closing of the offering of 
the Securities on the Closing Date, the Escrow Account or (ii) if the 
conditions to the Escrow Release will be satisfied substantially 
concurrently with the closing of the offering of the Securities on the 
Closing Date, a single bank account designated by the Company, in each case 
against delivery to the Representatives for the respective accounts of the 
Initial Purchasers of the Securities to be purchased by them. It is 
understood that each Initial Purchaser has authorized the Representatives, 
for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of 
the purchase price for, the Securities which it has agreed to purchase. 
Wells Fargo and Citi, individually and not as representatives of the 
Initial Purchasers, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the 
purchase price for the Securities to be purchased by any Initial Purchaser 
whose funds have not been received by the Closing Date, but such payment 
shall not relieve such Initial Purchaser from its obligations hereunder.

(c) Delivery of Securities. The Issuer shall make one or more global 
certificates (collectively, the Global Securities) representing the 
Securities available for inspection by the Representatives not later than 
1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the business day prior to the Closing 
Date and, on or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall deliver the 
Global Securities to DTC or to the Trustee, acting as custodian for DTC, as 
applicable. Delivery of the Securities to the Initial Purchasers on the 
Closing Date shall be made through the facilities of DTC unless the 
Representatives shall otherwise instruct.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Representations of the Initial Purchasers. Each of the Initial 
Purchasers, severally and not jointly hereby represents and warrants to the 
Issuer and the Company that it intends to offer the Securities for sale 
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the 
General Disclosure Package. Each of the Initial Purchasers, severally and 
not jointly, hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Issuer 
and the Company, on the basis of the representations, warranties and 
agreements of the Company and the Guarantors, that such Initial Purchaser:

(i) is a QIB and an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) 
of Regulation D under the 1933 Act;

(ii) (x) in connection with the Exempt Resales, has only sold and will only 
sell the Securities to, and has only solicited offers to buy and will only 
solicit offers to buy the Securities from, the Eligible Purchasers, (y) in 
connection with each such Exempt Resale made in reliance on Rule 144A, has 
taken and will take reasonable steps to ensure such Eligible Purchaser is 
aware that such Exempt Resale is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and 
(z) in connection with each such Exempt Resale made in reliance on 
Regulation S, has complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
and other requirements of Regulation S; and

(iii) will not offer or sell the Securities, nor has it, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold the Securities in the United States by, any 
manner involving any form of general solicitation or general advertising 
(within the meaning of Regulation D) and will not engage in any directed 
selling efforts within the meaning of Rule 902 under the 1933 Act, in 
connection with the offering of the Securities.

The Initial Purchasers have advised the Issuer and the Company that they 
will offer the Securities to Eligible Purchasers at a price initially equal 
to 100.000% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest, if any, 
from October 25, 2017. Such price may be changed by the Initial Purchasers 
at any time without notice. Each of the Initial Purchasers understands that 
the Issuer and the Company and, for purposes of the opinions to be 
delivered to the Initial Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement, counsel to 
the Company and counsel to the Initial Purchasers, will rely upon the 
accuracy and truth of the foregoing representations, warranties and 
agreements, and the Initial Purchasers hereby consent to such reliance.

SECTION 3. Covenants of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors. The 
Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, covenant 
with each Initial Purchaser as follows:

(a) Securities Law Compliance. Each of the Issuer and the Company will (i) 
advise each Initial Purchaser promptly after obtaining knowledge (and, if 
requested by any Initial Purchaser, confirm such advice in writing) of (A) 
the issuance by any U.S. or non-U.S. federal or state securities commission 
of any stop order suspending the qualification or exemption from 
qualification of any of the Securities for offer or sale in any 
jurisdiction, or the initiation of any proceeding for such purpose by any 
U.S. or non-U.S. federal or state securities commission or other regulatory 
authority, or (B) the
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
happening of any event that makes any statement of a material fact made in 
the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Document or the 
Offering Memorandum, untrue or that requires the making of any additions to 
or changes in the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing 
Document or the Offering Memorandum, in each case to make the statements 
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
misleading, (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of 
any stop order or order suspending the qualification or exemption from 
qualification of any of the Securities under any securities or Blue Sky 
laws of U.S. state or non-U.S. jurisdictions, and (iii) if, at any time, 
any U.S. or non-U.S. federal or state securities commission or other 
regulatory authority shall issue an order suspending the qualification or 
exemption from qualification of any of the Securities under any such laws, 
use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal or lifting of such 
order at the earliest possible time.

(b) Amendments. Each of the Issuer and the Company will give the 
Representatives notice of any filings to be made by it pursuant to the 1934 
Act or the 1934 Act Regulations within the period that is 48 hours prior to 
the Applicable Time. Each of the Issuer and the Company will give the 
Representatives notice of its intention to prepare any amendment, 
supplement or revision to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Offering 
Memorandum or any Issuer Free Writing Document, and the Company will 
furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents within a 
reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed use, and will not use any 
such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Initial 
Purchasers shall reasonably object in a timely manner. Each of the Issuer 
and the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to 
make any filing pursuant to the 1934 Act or the 1934 Act Regulations 
effecting any such amendment, supplement or revision from and after the 
Applicable Time through the Closing Date (or, if later, through the 
completion of the distribution of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers 
to Eligible Purchasers) and will furnish the Representatives with copies of 
any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed 
filing, and will not file or use any such document to which the 
Representatives or counsel for the Initial Purchasers shall reasonably 
object. The Representatives shall notify the Issuer and the Company if the 
Initial Purchasers have not completed the distribution of the Securities as 
of the Closing Date.

(c) Delivery of Disclosure Documents to the Representatives. The Company 
will deliver to the Representatives and counsel for the Initial Purchasers, 
within two days after the date hereof and without charge, such number of 
copies of the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Pricing Term Sheet and 
the Offering Memorandum and any amendment or supplement to any of the 
foregoing as they reasonably request.

(d) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. Each of the Issuer and the 
Company will comply with the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 
Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the 
distribution of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement, the 
General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum. If at any time 
prior to the completion of the distribution of the Securities by the 
Initial Purchasers to Eligible Purchasers, any event shall occur or 
condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary (or if the 
Representatives or counsel for the
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Initial Purchasers shall notify the Company that, in their reasonable 
judgment, it is necessary) to amend or supplement the General Disclosure 
Package or the Offering Memorandum (or, in each case, any documents 
incorporated by reference therein) so that the General Disclosure Package 
or the Offering Memorandum, as the case may be, will not include any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in 
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances 
under which they were made or then prevailing, not misleading, or if it is 
necessary (or, if the Representatives or counsel for the Initial Purchasers 
shall notify the Company that, in their reasonable judgment, it is 
necessary) to amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package or the 
Offering Memorandum (or, in each case, any documents incorporated by 
reference therein) in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 
Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act or the 1934 Act Regulations, 
each of the Issuer and the Company will promptly notify the Representatives 
of such event or condition and of its intention to prepare such amendment 
or supplement (or, if the Representatives or counsel for the Initial 
Purchasers shall have notified the Company as aforesaid, the Company will 
promptly notify the Representatives of its intention to prepare such 
amendment or supplement) and will promptly prepare, subject to Section 3(b) 
hereof, such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such 
untrue statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, and the 
Company will furnish to the Initial Purchasers such number of copies of 
such amendment or supplement as the Initial Purchasers may reasonably 
request. If at any time an event shall occur or condition shall exist as a 
result of which it is necessary (or if the Representatives or counsel for 
the Initial Purchasers shall notify the Company that, in their reasonable 
judgment, it is necessary) to amend or supplement any Issuer Free Writing 
Document so that it will not include an untrue statement of a material fact 
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements 
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or 
then prevailing, not misleading, or if it is necessary (or, if the 
Representatives or counsel for the Initial Purchasers shall notify the 
Company that, in their reasonable judgment, it is necessary) to amend or 
supplement such Issuer Free Writing Document in order to comply with the 
requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act or the 
1934 Act Regulations, each of the Issuer and the Company will promptly 
notify the Representatives of such event or condition and of its intention 
to prepare such amendment or supplement (or, if the Representatives or 
counsel for the Initial Purchasers shall have notified the Company as 
aforesaid, each of the Issuer and the Company will promptly notify the 
Representatives of its intention to prepare such amendment or supplement) 
and will promptly prepare and, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, distribute 
such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such conflict, 
untrue statement or omission or to comply with such requirements, and the 
Company and the Issuer will furnish to the Initial Purchasers such number 
of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Initial Purchasers may 
reasonably request.

(e) Use of Offering Materials. The Issuer, the Company and each of the 
Guarantors consents to the use of the General Disclosure Package and the 
Offering Memorandum in accordance with the securities or Blue Sky laws of 
the jurisdictions in which the Securities are offered by the Initial 
Purchasers and by all dealers to whom Securities may be sold, in connection 
with the offering and sale of the Securities.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Blue Sky and Other Qualifications. Each of the Issuer and the Company 
will cooperate with the Initial Purchasers to qualify the Securities for 
offering and sale, or to obtain an exemption for the Securities to be 
offered and sold, under the applicable securities laws of such states and 
other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representatives may 
designate and to maintain such qualifications and exemptions in effect for 
so long as required for the distribution of the Securities; provided, 
however, that neither the Company nor the Issuer shall be obligated to file 
any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign 
corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is 
not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing 
business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. In 
each jurisdiction in which the Securities have been so qualified or exempt, 
each of the Issuer and the Company will file such statements and reports as 
may be required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such 
qualification or exemption, as the case may be, in effect for so long as 
required for the distribution of the Securities.

(g) Use of Proceeds. Each of the Issuer and the Company will use the net 
proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities and the Borrowings 
in the manner specified in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the 
Offering Memorandum under the caption Use of Proceeds.

(h) Restriction on Sale of Securities. From and including the date of this 
Agreement through and including the 90th day after the date of this 
Agreement, the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors will not, without the 
prior written consent of the Representatives, directly or indirectly issue, 
offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to 
purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option or 
right to sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any debt securities of or 
guaranteed by the Issuer, the Company or any Guarantor (other than the 
Securities issued under this Agreement) or any securities convertible into 
or exercisable or exchangeable for any debt securities of or guaranteed by 
the Issuer, the Company or any Guarantor.

(i) Rule 144A Information. So long as any of the Securities are outstanding 
and are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under 
the 1933 Act, the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors will furnish, at 
their expense, to the Initial Purchasers and, upon request, to the holders 
of the Securities and prospective purchasers of the Securities the 
information required by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 1933 Act (if any). To the 
extent any such information is available on the Commissions EDGAR filing 
system or the Companys website, it shall be deemed to have been so 
furnished in full satisfaction of this Section 3(i).

(j) Pricing Term Sheet. The Company will prepare the Pricing Term Sheet 
reflecting the final terms of the Securities, in substantially the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit E and otherwise in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Representatives. The Company will furnish the 
Representatives with copies of any such Pricing Term Sheet and will not use 
any such Pricing Term Sheet to which the Representatives or counsel to the 
Initial Purchasers shall object.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(k) Preparation of the Offering Memorandum. As promptly as practicable, and 
in any event, within two business days following the execution of this 
Agreement, the Issuer and the Company will, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, 
prepare the Offering Memorandum, which shall contain the public offering 
price and terms of the Securities, the plan of distribution thereof and 
such other information as the Representatives and the Company or the Issuer 
may deem appropriate.

(l) DTC. The Issuer and the Company will use their respective best efforts 
to permit the Securities to be eligible for clearance and settlement 
through DTC.

(m) No Stabilization. The Issuer, the Company, the Guarantors and their 
respective controlled affiliates will not take, directly or indirectly, any 
action designed to or that has constituted or that reasonably could be 
expected to cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the 
price of any security of the Issuer, the Company or the Guarantors in 
connection with the offering of the Securities.

(n) No Affiliate Resales. The Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors will 
not, and will not permit any of their respective controlled affiliates to, 
resell any of the Securities that have been acquired by any of them, except 
for Securities purchased by the Issuer, the Company, the Guarantors or any 
of their respective affiliates and resold in a transaction registered under 
the 1933 Act.

(o) No Integration. The Company and the Issuer will not, and will ensure 
that none of their respective affiliates will, sell, offer for sale or 
solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security 
(as defined in the 1933 Act) that would be integrated with the sale of the 
Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the 1933 
Act of the sale to the Initial Purchaser or to the Eligible Purchasers of 
the Securities.

(p) Opinion of Counsel for Company and the Guarantors. On the Escrow 
Release Date, the Company will cause Sidley Austin LLP, counsel for the 
Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors (Company Counsel), to deliver to 
the Representatives the opinion, dated as of the Escrow Release Date, in 
the form set forth in Exhibit G-2 hereto, together with signed or 
reproduced copies of such opinion for each of the other Initial Purchasers; 
provided that, if the Escrow Release Date is the Closing Date, the 
substance of such opinion letter may be included within the opinion letter 
delivered pursuant to Section 5(a), in which case this Section 3(p) shall 
immediately cease to have any force or effect.

(q) Supplemental Indenture and Purchase Agreement Joinder. On the Escrow 
Release Date, concurrently with the consummation of the Escrow Merger, the 
Company shall execute the Supplemental Indenture and the Guarantors shall 
execute each of the Supplemental Indenture and the Purchase Agreement 
Joinder.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4. Payment of Expenses.

(a) Expenses. Each of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, jointly 
and severally, will pay all expenses incident to the performance of their 
respective obligations under this Agreement, including (i) the preparation 
and printing of the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the General Disclosure 
Package and the Offering Memorandum and each amendment thereto (in each 
case including exhibits) and any costs associated with electronic delivery 
of any of the foregoing, (ii) the reproduction and delivery to the Initial 
Purchasers of each of the Transaction Documents, (iii) the preparation, 
issuance and delivery of the certificates for the Securities and the 
issuance and delivery of the Securities to the Initial Purchasers, 
including any issue or other transfer taxes and any stamp or other taxes or 
duties payable in connection with the sale, issuance or delivery of the 
Securities to the Initial Purchasers, (iv) the fees and disbursements of 
the counsel, accountants and other advisors to the Issuer, the Company and 
the Guarantors, (v) the qualification or exemption of the Securities under 
securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, 
including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Initial 
Purchasers in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation 
of any Blue Sky Survey and any supplements thereto, (vi) the preparation, 
printing and delivery to the Initial Purchasers of copies of the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the General Disclosure Package, the 
Offering Memorandum, and any Issuer Free Writing Documents and any 
amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing and any costs associated 
with electronic delivery of any of the foregoing, (vii) the preparation, 
printing and delivery to the Initial Purchasers of copies of any Blue Sky 
Survey and any supplements thereto and any costs associated with 
electronic delivery of any of the foregoing, (viii) the fees and expenses 
of the Trustee, including the fees and disbursements of counsel for the 
Trustee in connection with the Transaction Documents, (ix) all fees charged 
by any rating agencies for rating the Securities and all expenses and 
application fees incurred in connection with the approval of the Securities 
for clearance, settlement and book-entry transfer through DTC and (x) the 
costs and expenses of the Company (and, if this Agreement is terminated in 
the circumstances described in Section 4(b), the Initial Purchasers) and 
any of its or their officers, directors, counsel or other representatives 
in connection with presentations or meetings undertaken in connection with 
the offering of the Securities, including expenses associated with the 
production of road show slides and graphics and the production and hosting 
of any electronic road shows, and 50% of the costs and expenses related to 
any chartered aircraft (it being understood that the Initial Purchasers 
will pay the remaining 50% of the costs and expenses related to any 
chartered flight). It is understood, however, that, except as provided in 
this Section 4 and in Section 6 and Section 7 hereof, the Initial 
Purchasers shall pay all of their own costs and expenses, including the 
fees and expenses of their counsel.

(b) Termination of Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated by the 
Representatives in accordance with the provisions of Section 5, Section 
9(a)(i), Section 9(a)(iii)(A) or Section 10 hereof, the Company and the 
Guarantors, jointly and severally, will reimburse the Initial Purchasers 
(but in the case of any termination in accordance with Section 10, only the 
non-defaulting Initial Purchasers) for all of their out-of-pocket 
expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for 
the Initial Purchasers, reasonably incurred by such Initial Purchaser in 
making preparations for the purchase, sale and delivery of the Securities 
not so delivered, but in such event the Company shall not be under any 
further liability to such Initial Purchaser except as provided in Sections 
6 and 7 hereof.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 5. Conditions of Initial Purchasers Obligations. The obligations 
of the several Initial Purchasers hereunder are subject to the accuracy as 
of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date of the representations and 
warranties of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors contained in this 
Agreement, or in certificates signed by any officer of the Issuer, the 
Company or any Guarantor (whether signed on behalf of such officer, the 
Issuer, the Company or such Guarantor) delivered to the Representatives or 
counsel for the Initial Purchasers, to the performance by the Issuer, the 
Company and the Guarantors of their respective covenants and other 
obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:

(a) Opinion of Counsel for the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors. At 
the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the opinion and 
negative assurance letter of Company Counsel, dated as of the Closing Date, 
in the form set forth in Exhibit G-1 hereto, together with signed or 
reproduced copies of such opinion and negative assurance letter for each of 
the other Initial Purchasers.

(b) Opinion of Counsel for Initial Purchasers. At the Closing Date, the 
Representatives shall have received the opinion and negative assurance 
letter, dated as of the Closing Date, of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, 
counsel for the Initial Purchasers, in form and substance satisfactory to 
the Representatives, together with signed or reproduced copies of such 
opinion and negative assurance letter for each of the other Initial 
Purchasers, with respect to such matters as the Representatives may 
reasonably request.

(c) Officers Certificate. At the Closing Date, there shall not have been, 
since the date hereof, any material adverse change, or any development that 
would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the 
business, properties, financial position or results of operations of (A) 
the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, whether or not arising 
in the ordinary course of business, or (B) the Acquired Company and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole, whether or not arising in the ordinary 
course of business, and, at the Closing Date, the Representatives shall 
have received a certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by the 
President or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Chief 
Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, and by the 
Company on behalf of the Issuer, dated as of the Closing Date, to the 
effect that (i) there has been no such material adverse change with respect 
to the Company and its subsidiaries or, to their knowledge, with respect to 
the Acquired Company and its subsidiaries, (ii) the representations and 
warranties of the Issuer and the Company in this Agreement are true and 
correct at and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as 
though expressly made at and as of the Closing Date and (iii) the Issuer 
and the Company have complied with all agreements and satisfied all 
conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the 
Closing Date under or pursuant to this Agreement.

(d) Accountants Comfort Letter. At the time of the execution of this 
Agreement, the Representatives shall have received from E&Y, independent 
public accountants of the Company and the Acquired Company, letters with 
respect to each of the Company and the Acquired Company, dated the date of 
this Agreement and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Representatives, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter 
for each of the other Initial Purchasers, containing statements and 
information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort 
letters to initial purchasers with respect to the historical and pro forma 
financial
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
statements and certain historical and pro forma financial information of 
the Company and the Acquired Company, as applicable, contained or 
incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package, any Issuer 
Free Writing Documents (other than any electronic road show) and the 
Offering Memorandum and any amendments or supplements to any of the 
foregoing.

(e) Bring-down Comfort Letter. At the Closing Date, the Representatives 
shall have received from E&Y, letters with respect to each of the Company 
and the Acquired Company, dated as of the Closing Date and in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect 
that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to 
subsection (d) of this Section, except that the cut-off date referred to 
shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing 
Date.

(f) No Downgrade. There shall not have occurred, on or after the date of 
this Agreement, any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of or 
guaranteed by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company by any 
nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined by the 
Commission in Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act) or any public announcement 
that any such organization has placed its rating on the Company or any such 
debt securities under surveillance or review or on a so-called watch list 
(other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible 
upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating) or 
any announcement by any such organization that the Company or any such debt 
securities has been placed on negative outlook.

(g) Escrow Agreement. The Issuer, the Trustee and the Escrow Agent shall 
have executed and delivered the Escrow Agreement, in the form set forth in 
Exhibit H hereto, and the Representatives shall have received executed 
copies thereof.

(h) Additional Documents. At the Closing Date, counsel for the Initial 
Purchasers shall have been furnished with such additional documents as they 
may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the 
issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to 
evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the 
fulfillment of any of the conditions, contained in this Agreement, or as 
the Representatives or counsel for the Initial Purchasers may otherwise 
reasonably request.

(i) Termination of Agreement. If any condition specified in this Section 5 
shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, this 
Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company 
and the Guarantors at any time on or prior to the Closing Date and such 
termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party 
except as provided in Section 4 hereof and except that Sections 6, 7, 11, 
12, 13, 14, 15, 17, 18, 19 and 20 hereof shall survive any such termination 
of this Agreement and remain in full force and effect.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification by the Company and the Guarantors. The Issuer, the 
Company and each Guarantor agree, jointly and severally, to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Initial Purchaser, its affiliates, its officers, 
directors, employees, agents, partners and members and each person, if any, 
who controls any Initial Purchaser within the meaning of Section 15 of the 
1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:

(i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense 
whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement 
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum, any Issuer Free Writing Document, the General Disclosure 
Package or the Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement to any 
of the foregoing), or in any materials, presentations or information 
provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Issuer, the Company 
or any Guarantor in connection with the marketing of the offering of the 
Securities, including any road show or investor presentations made to 
investors by the Issuer or the Company (whether in person or 
electronically), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a 
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense 
whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in 
settlement of, or pursuant to a judgment or other disposition in, any 
litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental or 
self-regulatory agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim 
whatsoever arising out of or based upon any such untrue statement or 
omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that 
(subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the 
written consent of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors; and

(iii) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the 
fees and disbursements of counsel), reasonably incurred in investigating, 
preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or 
proceeding by any governmental or self-regulatory agency or body, commenced 
or threatened, or any claim whatsoever arising out of or based upon any 
such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or 
omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) 
above,

provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any 
loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of or 
based upon any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or 
omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished 
in writing to the Issuer, the Company or any Guarantor by or on behalf of 
any Initial Purchaser through the Representatives expressly for use in the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum, any Issuer Free Writing Document, the 
General Disclosure Package or the Offering Memorandum (or in any amendment 
or supplement to any of the foregoing), it being understood and agreed that 
the only such information furnished by the Initial Purchasers as aforesaid 
consists of the information described as such in Section 6(b) hereof.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Indemnification by the Initial Purchasers. Each Initial Purchaser 
agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, their respective officers and 
directors and each person, if any, who controls the Issuer or the Company 
within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 
Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense 
described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section 6, 
as incurred, but only with respect to any losses, liabilities, claims, 
damages or expenses arising out of or based upon any untrue statements or 
omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum, any Issuer Free Writing Document or the 
Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement to any of the 
foregoing) in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in 
writing to the Issuer, the Company or any Guarantor by or on behalf of such 
Initial Purchaser through the Representatives expressly for use therein. 
The Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors hereby acknowledge and agree 
that the information furnished to the Issuer, the Company and the 
Guarantors by the Initial Purchasers through the Representatives expressly 
for use in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, any Issuer Free Writing 
Document or the Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement to any 
of the foregoing), consists exclusively of the following information 
appearing under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Preliminary 
Offering Memorandum and the Offering Memorandum: the information appearing 
in the third paragraph, the fourth and fifth sentences of the seventh 
paragraph and the first and last sentences of the ninth paragraph, each 
under such caption.

(c) Actions Against Parties; Notification. Each indemnified party shall 
give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying 
party of any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or 
regulatory investigation), claim or demand commenced against it in respect 
of which indemnity may be sought hereunder; provided, however, that the 
failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such 
indemnifying party from any liability that it may have under this Section 
6, except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the 
forfeiture of substantive rights and defenses) by such failure. The 
indemnifying party shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the 
indemnified party to represent the indemnified party and any others 
entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Section 6 that the 
indemnifying party may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the fees 
and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding, as incurred. In 
any such proceeding, any indemnified party shall have the right to retain 
its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the 
expense of such indemnified party unless (i) the indemnifying party and the 
indemnified party shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the 
indemnifying party has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel 
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; (iii) the indemnified 
party shall have reasonably concluded based on the advice of outside 
counsel that there are legal defenses available to it that may be different 
from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party; or (iv) 
the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) 
include both the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, and 
representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate 
due to actual or potential differing interests between them. In no event 
shall the indemnifying party be liable for the fees and expenses of more 
than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own 
counsel for the Initial Purchasers and the other indemnified parties 
referred to in
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 6(a) above; and the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in 
addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for the 
Company and the Guarantors, their respective directors, each of their 
respective officers and each person, if any, who controls the Company or 
the Issuer within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 
of the 1934 Act, in each case in connection with any one action or separate 
but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the 
same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, 
without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or 
compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any 
litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency 
or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of 
which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 
or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or 
potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent 
(i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party, in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all 
liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or 
claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, 
culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

(d) Settlement Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If at any time an 
indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse 
the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by 
this Section 6, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for 
any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(ii) effected 
without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more 
than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid 
request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the 
terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being 
entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed 
such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of 
such settlement.

SECTION 7. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 
hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an 
indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or 
expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute 
to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and 
expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such 
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by 
the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the 
Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, from the offering of the Securities 
pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) 
is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to 
reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but 
also the relative fault of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, on 
the one hand, and of the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, in 
connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, 
liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant 
equitable considerations.

The relative benefits received by the Issuer, the Company and the 
Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, 
in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the 
total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this 
Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the 
Guarantors and the total discounts and commissions received by the Initial 
Purchasers, in each case as determined pursuant to this Agreement, bear to 
the aggregate initial offering price of the Securities as set forth on the 
cover of the Offering Memorandum.
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The relative fault of the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors, on the 
one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, shall be 
determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or 
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission 
to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Issuer, the 
Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, or by the Initial Purchasers, 
on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to 
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or 
omission.

The Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors and the several Initial 
Purchasers agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution 
pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if 
the Initial Purchasers were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by 
any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable 
considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of 
losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an 
indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed 
to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such 
indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any 
litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency 
or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any 
such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Initial Purchaser 
shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which 
the total initial purchaser discounts and commissions received by such 
Initial Purchaser with respect to the offering and sale to Eligible 
Purchasers of the Securities initially purchased by it exceed the amount of 
any damages which such Initial Purchaser has otherwise been required to pay 
by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or 
alleged omission.

No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of 
Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any 
person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

For purposes of this Section 7, each affiliate, officer, director, 
employee, partner and member of each Initial Purchaser and each person, if 
any, who controls any Initial Purchaser within the meaning of Section 15 of 
the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to 
contribution as such Initial Purchaser, and each director of the Company 
and of each Guarantor, each officer of the Issuer, the Company and each 
Guarantor, and each person, if any, who controls the Issuer or the Company 
within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 
Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company and the 
Guarantors. The Initial Purchasers respective obligations to contribute 
pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the principal 
amount of Securities set forth opposite their respective names in Exhibit A 
hereto and not joint.

SECTION 8. Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery. 
All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement 
or in certificates signed by any officer of the Issuer, the Company or any 
of the Guarantors (whether signed on behalf of
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
such officer, the Issuer, the Company or such Guarantor) and delivered to 
the Representatives or counsel to the Initial Purchasers, shall remain 
operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation 
made by or on behalf of any Initial Purchaser, its affiliates and any of 
its or their officers, directors, employees, partners, members or agents or 
any person controlling any Initial Purchaser, or by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Company, any Guarantor, any officer or director of the Company 
or any Guarantor or any person controlling the Issuer, the Company, any 
Guarantor, and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Securities.

SECTION 9. Termination of Agreement.

(a) Termination; General. The Representatives may terminate this Agreement, 
by notice to the Issuer and the Company, at any time on or prior to the 
Closing Date, (i) if there has been, at any time on or after the date of 
this Agreement or since the date of the most recent financial statements of 
the Company and the Acquired Company included or incorporated by reference 
in the General Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum (in each case 
exclusive of any amendments or supplements thereto subsequent to the date 
of this Agreement), any material adverse change, or any development that 
would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in 
business, properties, financial position or results of operations of the 
Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, whether or not arising in 
the ordinary course of business, (ii) if there has occurred any material 
adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or the 
international financial markets, any declaration of a national emergency or 
war by the United States, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof 
or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a 
prospective change in national or international political, financial or 
economic conditions (including as a result of terrorist activities), in 
each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the 
Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, 
sale or delivery of the Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of 
the Securities, or (iii) (A) if trading in any securities of the Company 
has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the Nasdaq 
Global Select Market, or (B) if trading generally on the New York Stock 
Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Select Market has been suspended or limited 
by either of said exchanges or by order of the Commission or any other 
governmental authority, or (C) if a material disruption has occurred in 
commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the 
United States or in Europe or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been 
declared by either Federal or New York authorities.

(b) Liabilities. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 
9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other 
party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and except that Sections 6, 
7, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 17, 18, 19 and 20 hereof shall survive such 
termination and remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 10. Default by One or More of the Initial Purchasers.

If one or more of the Initial Purchasers shall fail at the Closing Date to 
purchase the aggregate principal amount of Securities which it or they are 
obligated to purchase under this Agreement (the Defaulted Securities), 
the Representatives shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to 
make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Initial Purchasers, 
or any other purchaser, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the 
Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the 
terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representatives shall not have 
completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) if the aggregate principal amount of Defaulted Securities does not 
exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Securities, each of the 
non-defaulting Initial Purchasers shall be obligated, severally and not 
jointly, to purchase the full amount of such Defaulted Securities in the 
proportions that their respective underwriting obligations hereunder bear 
to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Initial Purchasers; 
or

(ii) if the number of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the aggregate 
principal amount of Securities, this Agreement shall terminate without 
liability on the part of any non-defaulting Initial Purchaser.

No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting 
Initial Purchaser from liability in respect of its default.

In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of 
this Agreement, the Representatives shall have the right to postpone the 
Closing Date for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any 
required changes in the General Disclosure Package or Offering Memorandum 
or in any other documents or arrangements. As used herein, the term 
Initial Purchaser includes any person substituted for an Initial 
Purchaser under this Section 10.

SECTION 11. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall 
be in writing, shall be effective only upon receipt and shall be mailed, 
delivered by hand or overnight courier, or transmitted by fax (with the 
receipt of any such fax to be confirmed by telephone). Notices to the 
Initial Purchasers shall be directed to the Representatives at Wells Fargo 
Securities, LLC, 550 S. Tryon Street, 5th Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 
28202, Attention: High Yield Syndicate, fax no. (704) 410-4874 (with such 
fax to be confirmed by telephone to (704) 383-0550) and Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc., 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, fax no. (646) 
291-1469, Attention: General Counsel, with a copy to Cravath, Swaine & 
Moore LLP, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York, Attention: Stephen L. 
Burns, Esq., fax no. (212) 474-3000 (with such fax to be confirmed by 
telephone to (212) 474-1146); and notices to the Issuer, the Company or any 
Guarantor shall be directed to the Company at 505 Huntmar Park Drive, Suite 
300, Herndon, VA 20170, Attention: Joseph Nowicki, Chief Financial Officer, 
fax no. (703) 437-1919 (with such fax to be confirmed by telephone to (571) 
323-3940), with a copy to Sidley Austin LLP, One South Dearborn Street, 
Chicago, Illinois, Attention: Jeffrey N. Smith, Esq. and Michael P. Heinz, 
Esq., fax no. (312) 853-7036 (with such fax to be confirmed by telephone to 
(312) 853-7000).

In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, the Initial 
Purchasers are required to obtain, verify and record information that 
identifies their respective clients, including the Issuer, the Company and 
the Guarantors, which information may include the name and address of their 
respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the 
Initial Purchasers to properly identify their respective clients.
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 12. Parties. This Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and 
be binding upon the Initial Purchasers, the Issuer, the Company, the 
Guarantors and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned 
in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, 
firm or corporation, other than the Initial Purchasers, the Issuer, the 
Company, the Guarantors and their respective successors and the controlling 
persons and other indemnified parties referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and 
their successors, heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable 
right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any 
provision herein contained. This Agreement and all conditions and 
provisions hereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of 
the Initial Purchasers, the Issuer, the Company, the Guarantors and their 
respective successors, and said controlling persons and other indemnified 
parties and their successors, heirs and legal representatives, and for the 
benefit of no other person or entity. No purchaser of Securities from any 
Initial Purchaser shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of 
such purchase. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, neither 
this Agreement nor any provision herein contained shall inure to the 
benefit of any Guarantor or any Guarantors respective successors, 
controlling persons and indemnified parties until such Guarantor has 
executed and delivered the Purchase Agreement Joinder.

SECTION 13. GOVERNING LAW AND TIME. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, 
CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE 
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE 
OF NEW YORK. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFIED 
TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.

SECTION 14. Effect of Headings. The Section and Exhibit headings herein are 
for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

SECTION 15. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
have the respective meanings set forth below:

affiliate has the meaning provided in Rule 501 under the 1933 Act.

Applicable Time means 2:45 p.m. (New York City time) on October 11, 2017.

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company Documents means all contracts, indentures, mortgages, deeds of 
trust, loan or credit agreements, bonds, notes, debentures, evidences of 
indebtedness, swap agreements, leases or other instruments or agreements to 
which the Issuer, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries is a 
party or by which the Issuer, the Company or any of their respective 
subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the 
Issuer, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries is subject.

DTC means The Depository Trust Company.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder.
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations thereunder.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

Lien means any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or 
claim.

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury 
Department.

Organizational Documents means (a) in the case of a corporation, its 
charter and by-laws; (b) in the case of a limited or general partnership, 
its partnership certificate, certificate of formation or similar 
organizational document and its partnership agreement; (c) in the case of a 
limited liability company, its articles of organization, certificate of 
formation or similar organizational documents and its operating agreement, 
limited liability company agreement, membership agreement or other similar 
agreement; (d) in the case of a trust, its certificate of trust, 
certificate of formation or similar organizational document and its trust 
agreement or other similar agreement; and (e) in the case of any other 
entity, the organizational and governing documents of such entity.

Sarbanes-Oxley Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder or implementing the provisions thereof.

1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1933 Act Regulations means the rules and regulations of the Commission 
under the 1933 Act.

1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

1934 Act Regulations means the rules and regulations of the Commission 
under the 1934 Act.

1939 Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules 
and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

All references in this Agreement to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and 
the Offering Memorandum or any Issuer Free Writing Document shall be deemed 
to include any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing.

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and 
other information which is contained, included or stated in the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum or the Offering Memorandum (and all other 
references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such 
financial statements and schedules and other information which is 
incorporated by reference in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum or the 
Offering Memorandum, as the case may be; and all references in this 
Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum or the Offering Memorandum shall be deemed to mean and include 
the filing of any document under the 1934 Act which is incorporated by 
reference in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum or the Offering 
Memorandum.
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 16. Permitted Free Writing Documents. The Issuer, the Company and 
each Guarantor represents, warrants and agrees that it has not made and, 
unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representatives, it will 
not make, and each Initial Purchaser, severally and not jointly, 
represents, warrants and agrees that it has not made and, unless it obtains 
the prior written consent of the Issuer, the Company, the Guarantors and 
the Representatives, it will not make, any offer relating to the Securities 
that (if the offering of the Securities was made pursuant to a registered 
offering under the 1933 Act) would constitute an Issuer Free Writing 
Prospectus (as defined in Rule 433 under the 1933 Act) (any such document, 
a Issuer Free Writing Document) or that would constitute a free writing 
prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) which would be 
required to be filed with the Commission in connection with an offering 
registered under the 1933 Act, in the case of any Initial Purchasers; 
provided that the prior written consent of the Issuer, the Company, the 
Guarantors and the Representatives shall be deemed to have been given in 
respect of the Issuer Free Writing Documents, if any, listed on Exhibit F 
hereto and to any electronic road show in the form previously provided by 
the Issuer or the Company to and approved by the Representatives.

SECTION 17. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Issuer, the Company and 
each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that:

(a) each of the Initial Purchasers is acting solely as an initial purchaser 
in connection with the sale of the Securities and no fiduciary, advisory or 
agency relationship between the Issuer, the Company and any Guarantor, on 
the one hand, and any of the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, has 
been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, irrespective of whether or not any of the Initial Purchasers has 
advised or is advising the Issuer, the Company or any Guarantor on other 
matters (it being understood that in any event that no Initial Purchaser 
shall be deemed to have provided legal, accounting or tax advice to the 
Issuer, the Company, any Guarantor or any of their respective 
subsidiaries);

(b) the offering price of the Securities and the price to be paid by the 
Initial Purchasers for the Securities set forth in this Agreement were 
established by the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors following 
discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Representatives;

(c) they are capable of evaluating and understanding, and understand and 
accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement;

(d) they are aware that the Initial Purchasers and their respective 
affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve 
interests that differ from those of the Issuer, the Company and the 
Guarantors and that none of the Initial Purchasers has any obligation to 
disclose such interests and transactions to the Issuer, the Company or the 
Guarantors by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship or 
otherwise;
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors have consulted their own 
legal and financial advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate; and

(f) they waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims they may 
have against any of the Initial Purchasers for breach of fiduciary duty or 
alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agree that none of the Initial 
Purchasers shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in 
contract, tort or otherwise) to them in respect of such a fiduciary duty 
claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on their behalf or 
in right of them or the Issuer, the Company, the Guarantors or any 
stockholders, employees or creditors of the Issuer, the Company or any 
Guarantor.

SECTION 18. Research Analyst Independence and Other Activities of the 
Initial Purchasers. The Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors acknowledge 
that the Initial Purchasers research analysts and research departments are 
required to be separate from, and not influenced by, their respective 
investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and 
internal policies, and that such Initial Purchasers research analysts may 
hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish 
research reports with respect to the Issuer, the Company or the Guarantors 
and/or the offering that differ from the views of their respective 
investment banking divisions. The Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors 
hereby waive and release, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, any claims that the Issuer, the Company or the Guarantors may have 
against the Initial Purchasers arising from the fact that the views 
expressed by their research analysts and research departments may be 
different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the 
Issuer, the Company or the Guarantors by such Initial Purchasers 
investment banking divisions. The Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors 
also acknowledge that each of the Initial Purchasers is a full service 
securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable 
securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account 
of its customers, may make recommendations and provide other advice, and 
may hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities of, or 
derivative products related to, the companies that may be the subject of 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and the Issuer, the 
Company and the Guarantors hereby waive and release, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, any claims that the Issuer, the Company or the 
Guarantors may have against the Initial Purchasers with respect to any such 
other activities.

SECTION 19. Waiver of Jury Trial. The Issuer, the Company, the Guarantors 
and each of the Initial Purchasers hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in 
any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 20. Consent to Jurisdiction. The Issuer, the Company and the 
Guarantors hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any U.S. 
federal or state court located in the Borough of Manhattan, the City and 
County of New York in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or 
relating to or based upon this Agreement or any of the transactions 
contemplated hereby, and the Issuer, the Company and the Guarantors 
irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue 
of any action, suit or proceeding in any such court arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and 
irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in 
any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding has been brought in 
an inconvenient forum.
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by any standard form 
of telecommunication), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but 
all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, 
please sign and return to the Issuer and the Company a counterpart hereof, 
whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts, will become a 
binding agreement among the Initial Purchasers, the Issuer and the Company 
in accordance with its terms.
 
Very truly yours,
BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.
By 	  	
/s/ Joseph M. Nowicki
  	Name: Joseph M. Nowicki
  	Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
BEACON ESCROW CORPORATION
By 	  	
/s/ Joseph M. Nowicki
  	Name: Joseph M. Nowicki
  	Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED, as of the
    date first above written:
WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC
By 	  	
/s/ Peter Dilullo
  	Authorized Signatory

For itself and as a Representative of the Initial Purchasers named in 
Exhibit A hereto.
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.
By 	  	
/s/ Justin Tichauer
  	Authorized Signatory

For itself and as a Representative of the Initial Purchasers named in 
Exhibit A hereto
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

INITIAL PURCHASERS
 
Name of Initial Purchaser
   	Principal
Amount of
Securities 	 
 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
   	$ 	533,000,000 	 
 Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
   	$ 	533,000,000 	 
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
   	$ 	78,000,000 	 
 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
   	$ 	78,000,000 	 
 SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
   	$ 	78,000,000 	 
   	
 
 
 
   Total
   	$ 	1,300,000,000 	 
   	
 
 
 
 
A-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

GUARANTORS
 
I. 	Guarantors
 
  	1. 	Beacon Sales Acquisition, Inc.
 
  	2. 	Allied Building Products Corp.1
 
  	3. 	Tri-Built Materials Group, LLC
 
  	4. 	PacSource, LLC
 
  	5. 	RME Acquisition LLC
 
  	6. 	Kapalama Kilgos Acquisition Corp.
 
  	7. 	A.L. Kilgo Company, Inc.
 
1  	After the consummation of the Acquisition, the Company may merge Allied 
Building Products Corp. into a newly formed Delaware limited liability 
company subsidiary for tax planning purposes.
 
B-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C

PURCHASE AGREEMENT JOINDER

BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.

4.875% Senior Notes due 2025

[], 2018

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
As Representatives of the several Initial Purchasers
c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
550 S. Tryon Street
Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made to that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of 
October 11, 2017 (the Purchase Agreement), among Beacon Roofing Supply, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation, Beacon Escrow Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation, and you, as representatives of the Initial Purchasers named 
therein, providing for the offer and sale of the Securities. Under the 
terms of the Purchase Agreement, each of the Guarantors is required to join 
in the Purchase Agreement on the Escrow Release Date. Unless otherwise 
specified herein, capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have 
the respective meanings given them in the Purchase Agreement.

Each of the undersigned Guarantors hereby acknowledges and agrees, for the 
benefit of the Initial Purchasers, that it has received and reviewed a copy 
of the Purchase Agreement and all other documents it deems fit in order to 
enter into this Joinder Agreement, and acknowledges and agrees to (i) join 
and become a party to the Purchase Agreement as indicated by its signature 
below; (ii) be bound by all covenants, agreements, representations, 
warranties and acknowledgements attributable to a Guarantor in the Purchase 
Agreement, as of the date thereof, as if made by, and with respect to, each 
signatory hereto on the date of the Purchase Agreement; and (iii) perform 
all obligations and duties required of a Guarantor pursuant to the Purchase
1 Agreement.

This Joinder Agreement does not cancel, extinguish, limit or otherwise 
adversely affect any right or obligation of the parties under the Purchase 
Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that all of the 
provisions of the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

This Joinder Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented, and 
waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may be given, 
provided that the same are in writing and signed by all of the signatories 
hereto.
 
C-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
This Joinder Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (which 
may include counterparts delivered by any standard form of 
telecommunication), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but 
all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Joinder 
Agreement.

This Joinder Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under 
or related to this Joinder Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Joinder Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby.

[Signature Page Follows]
 
C-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Joinder Agreement 
as of the date first above written.
 
[GUARANTORS]
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
C-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT D

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
 
Name
   	
Jurisdiction of
Organization
   	
Type of Entity
Beacon Sales Acquisition, Inc. 	   	Delaware 	   	Corporation
Beacon Canada, Inc. 	   	Delaware 	   	Corporation
Beacon Roofing Supply Canada Company 	   	Nova Scotia 	   	Unlimited 
Liability Company
 Significant Subsidiaries
   	 	   	
Beacon Sales Acquisition, Inc. 	   	Delaware 	   	Corporation
 
D-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT E

FORM OF PRICING TERM SHEET

[Attached]
 
E-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY, INC.

4.875% Senior Notes due 2025
October 11, 2017

This term sheet to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum dated October 10, 
2017 (the Preliminary Offering Memorandum) related to the offering of the 
notes described below should be read together with the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum before making an investment decision with regard to the notes. 
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this term sheet have the meanings 
assigned to such terms in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum.
 
Issuer: 	   	
The notes will be issued initially by Beacon Escrow Corporation.
Upon the consummation of the Escrow Merger and the Assumption, the notes 
will be the obligations of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.
Guarantors: 	   	Upon consummation of the Escrow Merger and the Assumption, 
guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each direct and indirect domestic 
subsidiary of Beacon that is a borrower under or that guarantees the 
Companys obligations under the New Term Loan (and any refinancing 
indebtedness) and any other capital market indebtedness that Beacon may 
incur in the future.
Security Description: 	   	4.875% Senior Notes due 2025
Distribution: 	   	144A / Regulation S for life (no registration rights)
Aggregate Principal Amount: 	   	$1,300,000,000
Gross Proceeds: 	   	$1,300,000,000
Maturity: 	   	November 1, 2025
Coupon: 	   	4.875%
Yield to Maturity: 	   	4.875%
Offering Price: 	   	100.000% of principal amount, plus accrued interest 
from October 25, 2017
Interest Payment Dates: 	   	May 1 and November 1, commencing May 1, 2018
Record Dates: 	   	April 15 and October 15
Equity Clawback: 	   	Up to 35% at 104.875% prior to November 1, 2020
 
F-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Optional Redemption: 	   	
Make-whole call @ T+50 basis points after the Assumption and prior to 
November 1, 2020
 
   	
On or after:
 
   	Price:
   	
November 1, 2020
 
   	102.438%
   	
November 1, 2021
 
   	101.219%
   	November 1, 2022 and thereafter 	   	100.000%
Change of Control: 	   	Putable at 101% of principal plus accrued interest
Trade Date: 	   	October 11, 2017
Expected Settlement Date: 	   	
(T+10); October 25, 2017
Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market 
generally are required to settle in two business days unless the parties to 
any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish 
to trade the notes on the date of pricing or the next succeeding seven 
business days will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes 
initially will settle in T+10, to specify an alternative settlement cycle 
at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement. Purchasers of 
the notes who wish to trade the notes on the date of pricing or the next 
succeeding seven business days should consult their own advisors.
Use of Proceeds: 	   	Absent a special mandatory redemption, we intend to 
use the net proceeds from this offering, together with the proceeds from 
the Common Stock Offering and the Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase and 
the borrowings under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities, to finance 
the Allied Acquisition, to refinance certain of our existing indebtedness 
and to pay fees and expenses related to the Allied Transactions. If we are 
required to make a special mandatory redemption, we will apply the proceeds 
from this offering to redeem the notes in accordance with the terms set 
forth in the Escrow Agreement.
 
F-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Special Mandatory Redemption 	   	If the Allied Acquisition is not 
consummated on or before August 31, 2018 (the Outside Date) or, prior to 
the Outside Date, the Stock Purchase Agreement is terminated or we notify 
the trustee under the indenture and the escrow agent or otherwise announce 
that the Allied Acquisition will not be pursued, then we will be required 
to redeem all of the notes at a redemption price equal to (i) 100% of the 
principal amount of the notes if the special mandatory redemption date 
occurs on or prior to February 28, 2018 or (ii) 101% of the principal 
amount of the notes if the special mandatory redemption date occurs after 
February 28, 2018, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, 
to the date of redemption, and, in such event, the Escrowed Property will 
be applied to fund such redemption price.
Rule 144A CUSIP / ISIN: 	   	073685AD1 / US073685AD12
Regulation S CUSIP / ISIN: 	   	U06688AB8 / USU06688AB89
Denominations/Multiple: 	   	$2,000 x $1,000
Joint Book-Running Managers: 	   	
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
 
F-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

The notes and related guarantees have not been registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any state 
securities laws. The notes are being offered and sold only to persons 
reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in accordance with 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The notes and related 
guarantees may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in 
transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act or pursuant to an effective registration statement.

This term sheet is confidential and is for your information only and is not 
intended to be used by anyone other than you. This term sheet is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum. The 
information in this term sheet supplements the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum and supersedes the information in the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum to the extent inconsistent with the information in the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum.

This term sheet does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of 
an offer to buy any security in any state or jurisdiction in which such 
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

Any disclaimer or other notice that may appear below is not applicable to 
this communication and should be disregarded. Such disclaimer or notice was 
automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent by 
Bloomberg or another email system.
 
F-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT F

PRELIMINARY OFFERING MEMORANDUM AMENDMENTS; ISSUER FREE
WRITING DOCUMENTS

(1) Pricing Term Sheet containing the terms of the Securities, 
substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto.

(2) None.
 
F-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT G-1

FORMS OF OPINIONS OF COMPANY COUNSEL

[Attached]
 
G-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT G-2

FORMS OF OPINIONS OF COMPANY COUNSEL

[Attached]
 
G-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT H

FORM OF ESCROW AGREEMENT

[Attached]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FORM OF ESCROW AGREEMENT

ESCROW AGREEMENT (the Agreement) executed this []th day of October, 2017 
(Effective Date), by and among U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (Secured 
Party), as Trustee under the Indenture (as defined below); BEACON ESCROW 
CORPORATION (Depositor), a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (the Company); and U.S. BANK 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as escrow agent (
Escrow Agent). Secured Party, Depositor and Escrow Agent are sometimes 
collectively referred to herein as the Parties.

WHEREAS, this Agreement is being entered into in connection with the 
Purchase Agreement (as may be modified, amended or supplemented, the 
Purchase Agreement), dated as of October 11, 2017, among Depositor, the 
Company and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., 
as the Representatives (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) of the 
several Initial Purchasers named on Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement 
(collectively, the Initial Purchasers), and in connection with the 
indenture dated as of October 25, 2017 (the Indenture), by and between 
Depositor and Secured Party, relating to the Notes (as defined below);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Depositor is 
selling $1,300 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.875% Senior 
Notes due 2025 (the Notes);

WHEREAS, concurrently with the closing of the sale of the Notes, Depositor 
(or (in part) the Initial Purchasers, on behalf of Depositor) will deposit 
into the Escrow Account (as defined in Section 2 below), as hereinafter 
provided, the amount set forth in Section 2(a) below, which together with 
the Additional Amounts (as defined in Section 2(b) below) deposited by 
Depositor (in both cases, in the form of cash), shall equal an amount 
sufficient to pay when due the Escrow Redemption Price (as defined in 
Section 28 below);

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as 
of August 24, 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time 
(including all exhibits, schedules and attachments thereto, the Stock 
Purchase Agreement), among the Company, Oldcastle, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation, and Oldcastle Distribution, Inc., a Delaware corporation, 
pursuant to which the Company will acquire 100% of the outstanding capital 
stock of Allied Building Products Corp., a New Jersey corporation, and 
Kapalama Kilgos Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation, on the terms and 
subject to the conditions set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement (the 
Acquisition);

WHEREAS, the amounts deposited in the Escrow Account will be used (A) upon 
satisfaction of the Escrow Conditions (as defined in Section 28 below), to 
finance the Acquisition, to repay certain indebtedness of the Company and 
to pay related fees and expenses with any remaining proceeds to be retained 
by the Company for general corporate purposes, or (B) if the Escrow 
Conditions are not satisfied, to fund the Escrow Redemption Price; and
 
H-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHEREAS, Escrow Agent has agreed to accept, hold and disburse, as 
applicable, the funds deposited with it and the earnings thereon, if any, 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and of the mutual covenants 
contained herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. APPOINTMENT OF ESCROW AGENT. Secured Party and Depositor do hereby 
appoint Escrow Agent as escrow agent for the purposes described herein, and 
Escrow Agent does hereby accept the appointment as escrow agent and agrees 
to act in accordance with the terms and conditions described herein. Escrow 
Agent shall have all of the rights, powers, duties and obligations provided 
herein.

2. ESCROW FUND.

(a) Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, (i) 
the Initial Purchasers, upon the written request of Depositor (and only 
upon satisfaction of all the conditions precedent to closing under the 
Purchase Agreement), shall deliver and deposit with Escrow Agent, and 
Escrow Agent hereby acknowledges receipt of, the net proceeds from the sale 
of the Notes, and (ii) Depositor shall deliver and deposit with Escrow 
Agent, and Escrow Agent hereby acknowledges receipt of, (x) an amount in 
cash that, when taken together with the amount deposited pursuant to the 
foregoing clause (i), is equal to 100.0% of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes, plus an amount equal to the amount of interest that will 
accrue on the Notes through October 31, 2017, to be held in escrow by 
Escrow Agent and distributed pursuant to and strictly in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The amounts deposited pursuant 
to this Section 2(a), along with the Additional Amounts (as defined in 
Section 2(b) below), shall collectively be referred to herein as the 
Escrowed Property. Escrow Agent shall promptly deposit, invest and 
reinvest, as applicable, the Escrowed Property and the proceeds thereof 
into a trust account (the Escrow Account) as provided in Section 3 
herein below. Escrow Agent shall release and disburse Escrowed Property 
only in accordance with the instructions as set forth in Exhibit A 
hereto, or as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Escrow Agent 
will only release and disburse Escrowed Property which consists of funds 
received by Escrow Agent which have cleared normal banking channels. 
Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Depositor 
shall pay to Escrow Agent all fees due to Escrow Agent pursuant to Exhibit 
C.

(b) (i) On or prior to the date that is five (5) business days prior to the 
last day of each month, from and including October 2017 through and 
including July 2018 (in each case, unless release of the Escrowed Property 
has occurred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), Depositor 
will deposit, or the Company will cause to be deposited, into the Escrow 
Account an amount of cash equal to the amount of interest that will accrue 
on the Notes from (and including) the first day of the following month 
through (and including) the last day of such following month and (ii) in 
the event that the conditions to the release of the Escrowed Property have 
not been satisfied on or prior to February 28, 2018, Depositor will 
deposit, or the Company will cause to be deposited, in the Escrow Account 
an amount of cash that, when taken together
 
H-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with the Escrowed Property (excluding amounts deposited in respect of 
prefunded interest) then held in the Escrow Account, is equal to 101.0% of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (such deposits, collectively, 
the Additional Amounts). The Additional Amounts will, together with the 
amounts deposited into the Escrow Account pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, 
provide cash to Escrow Agent in an amount sufficient to pay the Escrow 
Redemption Price. If, on the date of the Redemption Notice, the Escrowed 
Property is insufficient to pay the Escrow Redemption Price on the Escrow 
Redemption Date, Depositor shall deposit, or the Company will cause to be 
deposited, into the Escrow Account, on the business day prior to the Escrow 
Redemption Date, an amount in cash that will cause the amount in the Escrow 
Account to be sufficient to pay the Escrow Redemption Price.

3. INVESTMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF ESCROW FUND. Escrow Agent shall invest and 
reinvest the Escrowed Property in the investment(s) set forth in Exhibit B
 hereto, or as otherwise may be specified in an Investment Direction 
submitted to the Escrow Agent from time to time, changing the investment of 
the Escrowed Property. Escrow Agent shall conclusively rely upon an 
Investment Direction without inquiry or investigation; provided, however, 
that Depositor warrants that no Investment Direction shall be given except 
in the following: (a) direct obligations of the United States of America or 
obligations the principal of and the interest on which are unconditionally 
guaranteed by the United States of America; (b) U.S. dollar denominated 
deposit accounts and certificates of deposit issued by any bank, bank and 
trust company, or national banking association (including Escrow Agent and 
its affiliates), which are either (i) insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to FDIC limits, or (ii) with domestic 
commercial banks which have a rating on their short-term certificates of 
deposit on the date of purchase of at least A-1 by S&P or P-1 by 
Moodys (ratings on holding companies are not considered as the rating of 
the bank); or (c) money market funds, including funds managed by Escrow 
Agent or any of its affiliates; provided further, however, that Escrow 
Agent will not be directed to invest in investments that Escrow Agent 
determines are not consistent with Escrow Agents policies or practices. 
Depositor recognizes and agrees that Escrow Agent will not provide 
supervision, recommendations or advice relating to either the investment of 
Escrowed Property or the purchase or disposition of any investment. Escrow 
Agent has no responsibility whatsoever to determine the market or other 
value of any investment and makes no representation or warranty as to the 
accuracy of any such valuations. To the extent applicable regulations grant 
rights to receive brokerage confirmations for certain security 
transactions, Depositor waives receipt of such confirmations.

During the term of this Agreement, Escrow Agent shall provide Secured Party 
and Depositor with written monthly statements containing the beginning 
balance of the Escrowed Property, as well as all principal and income 
transactions for the statement period. Escrow Agent is authorized and 
directed to liquidate any and all investments in whole or in part making up 
the Escrowed Property as it deems necessary to make any and all payments or 
distributions required under this Agreement. All investment earnings shall 
become part of the Escrowed Property and investment losses shall be charged 
against the Escrowed Property. Escrow Agent shall not be liable or 
responsible for loss in the value of any investment made pursuant to this 
Agreement, or for any loss, cost or penalty resulting from any sale or 
liquidation of the Escrowed Property. With respect to any Escrowed Property 
received by Escrow Agent after ten oclock, a.m., New York City, time, 
Escrow Agent shall not be required to invest such funds or to effect any
 
H-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
investment instruction until the next day upon which banks in New York City 
are open for business. In the event that any or all of the Escrowed 
Property is of the type which cannot be invested, or Depositor expressly 
requests in writing that the Escrowed Property not be invested, Escrow 
Agent shall hold and maintain the Escrowed Property in the Escrow Account.

4. LIABILITY OF ESCROW AGENT. Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any 
action taken or omitted by it in good faith, including, but not limited to 
any loss to the Escrowed Property resulting from the investment(s) 
enumerated in Exhibit B hereto or as otherwise specified in an Investment 
Direction by Depositor to the Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 3 hereof or 
any loss resulting from the liquidation of any investment(s) prior to such 
investments maturity date for the purpose of making required disbursements 
under this Agreement, except to the extent that a court of competent 
jurisdiction determines that Escrow Agents gross negligence or willful 
misconduct proximately caused any loss to Depositor or Secured Party. 
Escrow Agent may rely in good faith upon any notice, instruction, request 
or other instrument delivered in writing by Depositor or Secured Party, not 
only as to its due execution, validity and effectiveness, but also as to 
the truth and accuracy of any information contained therein, which Escrow 
Agent shall reasonably believe to be genuine and to have been signed or 
presented by the person or parties purporting to sign the same. Escrow 
Agent shall have no implied duties or obligations and shall not be charged 
with knowledge or notice of any fact or circumstance not specifically set 
forth herein. In no event shall Escrow Agent be liable for incidental, 
indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages (including, but not 
limited to, lost profits), even if Escrow Agent has been advised of the 
likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 
Escrow Agent shall not be obligated to take any legal action or commence 
any proceeding in connection with the Escrowed Property, any account in 
which Escrowed Property are deposited, this Agreement or the Purchase 
Agreement, or to appear in, prosecute or defend any such legal action or 
proceeding or to take any other action that in Escrow Agents sole judgment 
may expose it to potential expense or liability.

Escrow Agent is authorized, in its sole discretion, to comply with final 
orders issued or process entered by any court of competent jurisdiction 
with respect to the Escrowed Property. If any portion of the Escrowed 
Property is at any time attached, garnished or levied upon under any court 
order described above, or in case the payment, assignment, transfer, 
conveyance or delivery of any such property shall be stayed or enjoined by 
any court order described above, or in case any final order, judgment or 
decree shall be made or entered by any court of competent jurisdiction 
affecting such Escrow Account or any part thereof, then and in any such 
event, Escrow Agent is authorized, in its sole discretion, to rely in good 
faith upon and comply with any such final order, writ, judgment or decree 
which it is advised by legal counsel selected by it is binding upon it 
without the need for appeal or other action; and if Escrow Agent complies 
with any such final order, writ, judgment or decree, it shall not be liable 
to any of the Parties or to any other person or entity by reason of such 
compliance even though such final order, writ, judgment or decree may be 
subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside or vacated.

5. RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF ESCROW AGENT. This Agreement shall represent the 
entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter 
thereof, and Escrow Agent shall only be required to perform the duties 
expressly described herein, and no further duties shall be implied from 
this Agreement or any other written or oral agreement by and
 
H-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
among Escrow Agent, Depositor and Secured Party made previous or subsequent 
to this Agreement, unless such written amendment to this Agreement is 
executed by all Parties hereto and makes specific reference to this 
Agreement. Escrow Agents sole responsibility shall be for the safekeeping 
and disbursement of the Escrowed Property in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement. Escrow Agent has no fiduciary duties of any kind. Escrow 
Agent may rely in good faith upon any written instructions reasonably 
believed to be genuine when signed and presented by the requesting party 
and shall not have a duty to inquire or investigate the validity, truth 
and/or accuracy of any such written instruction. Escrow Agent shall not be 
required to solicit funds from either Depositor or Secured Party in 
connection with this Agreement. Escrow Agent shall be permitted to execute 
any and all powers under this Agreement directly or through its agents 
and/or attorneys, and shall be allowed to seek counsel from outside counsel 
regarding the construction or performance of this Agreement, or relating to 
any dispute involving any party hereto, which outside counsel shall be 
selected at the sole discretion of Escrow Agent. Escrow Agent shall incur 
no liability and shall be fully indemnified from any liability whatsoever 
in acting in good faith in accordance with the opinion or advice of such 
outside counsel. Depositor shall promptly pay, upon demand, the reasonable 
and documented fees and expenses of any such outside counsel. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, should Escrow Agent become uncertain as to 
its duties under this Agreement, it shall be permitted to (a) immediately 
suspend the performance of any obligations (including, without limitation, 
any disbursement obligations) under this Agreement until such uncertainty 
shall be resolved to the sole satisfaction of Escrow Agent or until such 
duties are expressly defined in a joint writing by the Parties, and shall 
only be required to protect and keep the Escrowed Property in their current 
investment(s) until such time as a written agreement among the Parties is 
executed or a court of competent jurisdiction shall render a final order 
directing further action, or (b) petition (by means of an interpleader 
action or any other appropriate method) any court of competent jurisdiction 
in any venue convenient to Escrow Agent, for instructions with respect to 
such dispute or uncertainty, and to the extent required or permitted by 
law, pay into such court, for holding and disposition in accordance with 
the instructions of such court, all Escrowed Property, and the Escrow Agent 
shall be entitled to payment by Depositor of all reasonable and documented 
fees and expenses (including court costs and reasonable and documented 
external attorneys fees) payable to, incurred by, or expected to be 
incurred by Escrow Agent in connection with the performance of its duties 
and the exercise of its rights hereunder. Escrow Agent shall have no 
liability to Depositor, Secured Party, their respective shareholders or 
members, as applicable, or any other person with respect to any such 
suspension of performance or disbursement into court, specifically 
including any liability or claimed liability that may arise, or be alleged 
to have arisen, out of or as a result of any delay in the disbursement of 
the Escrowed Property or any delay in or with respect to any other action 
required or requested of Escrow Agent. Upon release and disbursement of the 
Escrowed Property as set forth in Exhibit A hereto, Escrow Agent shall be 
fully released from any and all further obligations, except for the 
provision of written notice to each of the other Parties, setting forth in 
such notice the date of release of the Escrowed Property, the party to whom 
the Escrowed Property were disbursed and the amount disbursed, such 
notification to be in the form of Escrow Agents final monthly statement. 
Upon the release and disbursement of the Escrowed Property and the delivery 
of the above referenced notification, Escrow Agent shall be released from 
any and all duties and obligations with respect to this Agreement and each 
of the Parties hereto.
 
H-6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. TERM OF ESCROW AGREEMENT. The Agreement shall terminate on the date of 
final disbursement of the Escrow Account (the Termination), provided that 
any claims by Escrow Agent against Secured Party or Depositor shall survive 
the termination hereof.

7. RESIGNATION AND SUCCESSION OF ESCROW AGENT. Escrow Agent may resign and 
be discharged of all duties and obligations under this Agreement by 
providing ten (10) days written notice of such resignation to both 
Depositor and Secured Party. If no successor escrow agent shall have been 
named upon the expiration of the ten (10) days notice period, Escrow Agent 
may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a 
successor Escrow Agent or for other appropriate relief and Escrow Agents 
sole obligation will be to hold the Escrowed Property pending appointment 
of a successor Escrow Agent. The costs and expenses (including reasonable 
and documented external attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by the 
Escrow Agent in connection with such proceeding shall be paid by Depositor. 
Upon written notification by Depositor and Secured Party of the appointment 
of a successor escrow agent, Escrow Agent shall promptly deliver the 
Escrowed Property and all materials and instruments in its possession which 
relate to the Escrowed Property to such successor, and the duties of the 
resigning Escrow Agent shall terminate in all respects, and Escrow Agent 
shall be released and discharged from all further obligations set forth 
herein or otherwise created hereby. Subject to the last sentence of 
Section 10, Escrow Agent shall have the right to withhold an amount equal 
to any amount due and owing to Escrow Agent, plus any reasonable and 
documented costs and fees incurred by, or expected to be incurred by, 
Escrow Agent in connection with the formation, maintenance or termination 
of this Agreement. Any merger, consolidation or the purchase of all or 
substantially all of Escrow Agents corporate assets resulting in a new 
corporate entity shall be considered a successor for the purposes of this 
Agreement, and the Escrowed Property shall be transferred to such entity 
without written consent or further action under this Agreement.

8. TERMINATION OF ESCROW AGENT. Escrow Agent may be discharged from its 
duties under this Agreement upon thirty (30) days joint written notice 
from Depositor and Secured Party and upon the payment of any and all costs 
and fees due to Escrow Agent. In such event, Escrow Agent shall be entitled 
to rely in good faith upon written instructions from Depositor and Secured 
Party as to the disposition and delivery of the Escrowed Property. Upon 
thirty (30) days after receipt of such written notice of termination, if no 
successor has been named, Escrow Agent may apply to a court of competent 
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Escrow Agent or for other 
appropriate relief. The costs and expenses (including reasonable and 
documented external attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by the Escrow 
Agent in connection with such proceeding shall be paid by Depositor.

9. TAXES. Escrow Agent shall have no responsibility for the tax 
consequences of this Agreement. Except as otherwise agreed by Escrow Agent 
in writing, Escrow Agent has no tax reporting or withholding obligation 
except with respect to Form 1099-B reporting on payments of gross proceeds 
under Internal Revenue Code Section 6045 and Form 1099 and Form 1042-S 
reporting with respect to investment income earned on the Escrowed 
Property, if any. For purposes of federal income taxes and other taxes 
based on income, Depositor will be treated as the owner of the Escrowed 
Property until the distribution of the Escrowed Property (or such portion 
thereof). Depositor and Secured Party each represent that its
 
H-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) assigned by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) or any other taxing authority listed in Exhibit D is true 
and correct, and that each will notify Escrow Agent in writing immediately 
upon any change to such number. Upon execution of this Agreement, Depositor 
and Secured Party shall provide Escrow Agent with a fully executed W-9. 
All interest or other income earned under this Agreement shall be allocated 
and/or paid as directed in writing by Depositor and reported as required. 
Taxes may be withheld by Escrow Agent as it reasonably determines may be 
required by any law or regulation in effect at the time of the disbursement 
of the Escrowed Property. In the absence of timely direction, all proceeds 
of the Escrowed Property shall be retained as Escrowed Property and 
reinvested from time to time by Escrow Agent as provided in Section 3 
herein. Subject to the last sentence of Section 10, Depositor grants to 
Escrow Agent a right of set-off which may be exercised to pay any and all 
taxes, whether federal, state or local, incurred by the investment of the 
Escrowed Property. Depositor shall indemnify and hold harmless Escrow Agent 
from and against any and all liabilities for taxes and/or any penalties 
with respect to interest or other income earned under this Agreement and 
becoming part of the Escrowed Property hereunder, but excluding any 
liability for reporting and/or withholding obligations expressly assumed by 
Escrow Agent for purposes of this Agreement.

10. FEES. Depositor shall also agree to pay compensation for the services 
rendered by Escrow Agent under this Agreement. Compensation for services 
rendered by Escrow Agent shall be paid in accordance with the instructions 
set forth on Exhibit C, and Depositor agrees to pay or reimburse Escrow 
Agent for any and all reasonable and documented costs and expenses, 
including reasonable and documented external attorneys fees and expenses, 
incurred in connection with the preparation, execution, performance, 
delivery, modification or termination of this Agreement. In addition to any 
other liens or security interest available to Escrow Agent under applicable 
law, Escrow Agent shall have, and Depositor hereby grants to Escrow Agent, 
a first priority lien on the Escrowed Property to secure the payment of any 
moneys owed to Escrow Agent hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained herein, Escrow Agent agrees (i) that any security 
interest in, lien on, encumbrance, claim or right of setoff against, the 
Escrow Account or any funds therein that it now has or subsequently obtains 
shall be subordinate to the security interest of the Secured Party in the 
Escrow Account and the funds therein or credited thereto and (ii) it shall 
not exercise any present or future right of recoupment or set-off against 
the Escrow Account or to assert against the Escrow Account any present or 
future security interest, bankers lien or any other lien or claim 
(including claim for penalties) that the Escrow Agent may at any time have 
against or in the Escrow Account or any funds therein until the Escrowed 
Property has been released in full satisfaction of all claims of the 
Secured Party.

11. INDEMNIFICATION OF ESCROW AGENT. From and at all times after the date 
of this Agreement, Depositor shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
defend, indemnify and hold harmless Escrow Agent and each director, 
officer, employee, attorney, agent and affiliate of Escrow Agent 
(collectively, the Indemnified Parties) from and against any and all 
actions, claims (whether or not valid), losses, damages, liabilities, costs 
and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, reasonable and documented external attorneys fees, costs and 
expenses) incurred by or asserted against any of the Indemnified Parties 
from and after the date hereof, whether direct, indirect or consequential, 
as a result of or arising
 
H-8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
from or in any way relating to any claim, demand, suit, action or 
proceeding (including any inquiry or investigation) by any person, 
including, without limitation, Depositor or Secured Party, whether 
threatened or initiated, asserting a claim for any legal or equitable 
remedy against any person under any statute or regulation, including, but 
not limited to, any federal or state securities laws, or under any common 
law or equitable cause or otherwise, arising from or in connection with the 
negotiation, preparation, execution, performance or failure of performance 
of this Escrow Agreement or any transactions contemplated herein, whether 
or not any such Indemnified Party is a party to any such action, 
proceeding, suit or the target of any such inquiry or investigation; 
provided, however, that no Indemnified Party shall have the right to be 
indemnified hereunder for any liability finally determined by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, subject to no further appeal, to have resulted from 
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party. Each 
Indemnified Party shall, in its sole discretion, have the right to select 
and employ separate counsel with respect to any action or claim brought or 
asserted against it, and the reasonable and documented fees of such counsel 
to all Indemnified Parties who are party to such action or claim shall be 
paid by Depositor promptly following demand therefor by such Indemnified 
Parties. The obligations of Depositor under this Section 11 shall survive 
any termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of Escrow 
Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing but subject to the last sentence of 
Section 10, Depositor further grants Escrow Agent a right of set-off and a 
security interest against the Escrowed Property for the payment of any 
claim for indemnification, reasonable and documented expenses (including 
legal) or compensation due hereunder.

12. REPRESENTATIONS and WARRANTIES. Each of Depositor and Secured Party 
hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Escrow Agent, 
each as to itself:

(a) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the 
laws of the state of its incorporation or organization, and has full power 
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its 
obligations hereunder.

(b) This Agreement has been duly approved by all necessary action, 
including any necessary shareholder or membership approval, has been 
executed by its duly authorized officers, and constitutes its valid and 
binding agreement enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(c) The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement will not 
violate, conflict with, or cause a default under its articles of 
incorporation, articles of organization, bylaws, management agreement or 
other organizational document, as applicable, any applicable law or 
regulation, any court order or administrative ruling or decree to which it 
is a party or any of its property is subject, or any agreement, contract, 
indenture, or other binding arrangement to which it is a party or any of 
its property is subject.

(d) The applicable persons designated on Exhibit D hereto have been duly 
appointed to act as its representatives hereunder and have full power and 
authority to execute and deliver any written directions, to amend, modify 
or waive any provision of this Agreement and to take any and all other 
actions on behalf of Depositor and Secured Party under this Agreement, all 
without further consent or direction from, or notice to, it or any other 
party.
 
H-9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) No party other than the Parties and the holders of the Notes has, or 
shall have, any lien, claim or security interest in the Escrowed Property 
or any portion thereof. No financing statement under the Uniform Commercial 
Code is on file in any jurisdiction claiming a security interest in or 
describing (whether specifically or generally) the Escrowed Property or any 
part thereof.

(f) All of its representations and warranties contained herein are true and 
complete as of the date hereof and will be true and complete at the time of 
any disbursement of the Escrowed Property.

13. USA PATRIOT ACT. None of Secured Party or Depositor is (or will be) a 
person with whom Escrow Agent is restricted from doing business with under 
regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) of the 
Department of the Treasury of the United States of America (including, 
those persons named on OFACs Specially Designated and Blocked Persons 
list) or under any statute, executive order (including the September 24, 
2001 Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With 
Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other 
governmental action and is not and shall not engage in any dealings or 
transactions or otherwise be associated with such persons. In addition, 
Secured Party and Depositor hereby agree to provide Escrow Agent with any 
additional information that Escrow Agent deems necessary from time to time 
in order to ensure compliance with all applicable laws concerning money 
laundering and similar activities. The following notification is provided 
to Secured Party and Depositor pursuant to Section 326 of the USA Patriot 
Act of 2001, 31 U.S.C. Section 5318 (Patriot Act): IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT. To help the government fight 
the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law 
requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record 
information that identifies each person or entity that opens an account, 
including any deposit account, treasury management account, loan, other 
extension of credit, or other financial services product. What this means 
for depositors: When a depositor opens an account, if such depositor is an 
individual, a lender (including Escrow Agent) will ask for such depositors 
name, taxpayer identification number, residential address, date of birth, 
and other information that will allow the lender to identify such 
depositor, and, if such depositor is not an individual, Escrow Agent will 
ask for such depositors name, taxpayer identification number, business 
address, and other information that will allow the lender to identify such 
depositor. Escrow Agent may also ask, if such depositor is an individual, 
to see depositors drivers license or other identifying documents, and, if 
such depositor is not an individual, to see such depositors legal 
organizational documents or other identifying documents. In the event 
Secured Party or Depositor violates any of the provisions of the USA 
Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, or applicable regulations thereunder, 
such event shall constitute a default hereunder and shall entitle Escrow 
Agent to exercise all of its rights and remedies at law or in equity, 
including but not limited to terminating this Agreement.
 
H-10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES. Escrow Agent shall have the right in its sole 
discretion to not accept appointment as escrow agent and reject any funds 
and collateral from Depositor or Secured Party in the event that Escrow 
Agent has reasonable belief to believe that such funds or collateral 
violate applicable banking practices or applicable laws or regulations, 
including but not limited to the Patriot Act. In the event of suspicious or 
illegal activity and pursuant to all applicable laws, regulations and 
practices, each of the other Parties to this Agreement will assist Escrow 
Agent and comply with any reviews, investigations and examinations directed 
against the Escrowed Property.

15. DEPOSITORS LIMITED RIGHTS IN ESCROWED PROPERTY; SECURITY INTEREST.

(a) Depositor hereby pledges, assigns and grants to Secured Party, for the 
benefit of the holders of the Notes, as security for the due and punctual 
payment when due of all amounts that may be payable from time to time under 
the Indenture and the Notes in connection with an Escrow Redemption, a 
continuing security interest in, and a lien on, all of Depositors rights, 
whether now existing or hereafter acquired or arising, under this Agreement 
and in all right, title and interest of Depositor, whether now existing or 
hereafter acquired or arising, in the Escrow Account, the Escrowed Property 
and all security entitlements in respect of financial assets credited to 
the Escrow Account from time to time.

(b) Depositor represents and warrants that the security interest of Secured 
Party in this Agreement, to the extent that Depositor has rights herein, 
and the Escrow Account and Escrowed Property, will, after execution and 
delivery of this Agreement by all parties hereto, at all times be valid, 
perfected and enforceable (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights 
generally and subject to general principles of equity regardless of whether 
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) as a first priority 
security interest by Secured Party against Depositor and all third parties 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Depositor represents and 
warrants that it has not entered into, and agrees that it will not enter 
into, any control agreement or any other agreement relating to this 
Agreement, the Escrow Account or the Escrowed Property with any other third 
party without the prior written consent of Escrow Agent, Secured Party and 
the Representatives.

(c) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that: (i) the Escrow Account 
will be treated as a Securities Account, (ii) the Escrowed Property will 
be treated as Financial Assets, (iii) this Agreement governs the Escrow 
Account and provides rules governing the priority among possible 
Entitlement Orders received by Escrow Agent from Depositor, Secured Party 
and any other persons entitled to give Entitlement Orders with respect to 
such Financial Assets and (iv) the Securities Intermediarys Jurisdiction 
is the State of New York. Escrow Agent represents and warrants that it is a 
Securities Intermediary with respect to the Escrow Account and the 
Financial Assets credited to the Escrow Account. Except as specifically 
provided herein, the terms of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, as 
amended, or any successor provision (the Code), will apply to this 
Agreement, and all terms quoted in this Section 15(c) and 15(e) will have 
the meanings assigned to them by Article 8 and Article 9 of the Code.
 
H-11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Escrow Agent hereby agrees that all property delivered to Escrow Agent 
for crediting to the Escrow Account will be promptly credited to the Escrow 
Account by Escrow Agent, subject to the penultimate sentence of Section 3. 
Escrow Agent represents and warrants that it has not entered into, and 
agrees that it will not enter into, any control agreement or any other 
agreement relating to this Agreement, the Escrow Account or the Escrowed 
Property with any other third party without the prior written consent of 
Depositor, Secured Party and the Representatives. The parties agree that 
all financial assets (except cash) credited to the Escrow Account will be 
registered in the name of Escrow Agent for the benefit of Secured Party or 
indorsed to Escrow Agent for the benefit of Secured Party or in blank and 
in no case will any financial asset credited to the Escrow Account be 
registered in the name of Depositor, payable to the order of Depositor or 
specially indorsed to Depositor unless such financial asset has been 
further indorsed to Escrow Agent for the benefit of Secured Party or in 
blank.

(e) Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the Escrow 
Account and the Escrowed Property will be under the control (within the 
meanings of Sections 8-106 and 9-106 of the Code) of Secured Party (in 
accordance with the Indenture) and, notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Agreement, Escrow Agent will comply with all Entitlement Orders (as 
defined in Section 8-102 of the Code) with respect to the Escrow Account 
and all instructions directing disposition of funds in the Escrow Account, 
in each case originated by Secured Party (in accordance with the Indenture) 
without further consent of Depositor or any other person; provided, 
however, that so long as Secured Party has not notified Escrow Agent in 
writing that a Default (as defined in the Indenture) exists or following 
the receipt by Escrow Agent and Escrow Agent of a written notice from 
Secured Party that any existing Default (as defined in the Indenture) has 
been cured or waived, Escrow Agent shall honor investment instructions 
issued by Depositor as provided in Section 3. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained herein, if at any time Escrow Agent receives 
conflicting orders or instructions from Secured Party and Depositor, Escrow 
Agent shall comply with such orders or instructions of Secured Party 
without further consent by Depositor or any other person.

(f) Depositor agrees to take all steps reasonably necessary in connection 
with the perfection of Secured Partys security interest in this Agreement 
and the Escrowed Property and the protection of the Escrowed Property from 
claims by third parties and, without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, Depositor hereby authorizes Secured Party and the Initial 
Purchasers on behalf of Secured Party to file one or more UCC financing 
statements in such jurisdictions and filing offices and containing such 
description of collateral as the Initial Purchasers on behalf of Secured 
Party, may determine are reasonably necessary in order to perfect the 
security interest granted herein, and any such filing is authorized to be 
made by the Initial Purchasers or their counsel on behalf of Secured Party. 
Depositor represents and warrants that it is duly incorporated and validly 
existing as a corporation under the laws of the state of Delaware and is 
not organized under the laws of any other jurisdiction, and Depositor 
hereby agrees that, prior to the termination of this Agreement, it will not 
change its legal name or jurisdiction of organization without giving 
Secured Party and the Initial Purchasers not less than 15 days prior 
written notice thereof (other than as contemplated in connection with the 
Company Assumption).
 
H-12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Upon the release of any Escrowed Property pursuant to this Agreement, 
the security interest of Secured Party for the benefit of the holders of 
the Notes granted herein will automatically terminate with respect to any 
such Escrowed Property so released without any further action and such 
released Escrowed Property will be delivered to the recipient free and 
clear of any and all liens, claims or encumbrances of Escrow Agent, Secured 
Party and the holders of the Notes. Secured Party will, at the reasonable 
request of Depositor, take all steps reasonably necessary to terminate any 
financing statements and will execute such other documents without 
recourse, representation or warranty of any kind as Depositor may 
reasonably request in writing to evidence or confirm the termination of the 
security interest in such released Escrowed Property.

(h) Except for the claims and interest of Secured Party and of Depositor in 
the Escrowed Property held in or credited to the Escrow Account, each of 
Depositor and Escrow Agent represent and warrant that on the date hereof it 
does not know of any claim to, security interest in, lien on, or 
encumbrance against, the Escrow Account or Escrowed Property held in or 
credited thereto and does not know of any claim that any person or entity 
other than Secured Party has been given control (within the meaning of 
Section 8-106 of the Code) of the Escrow Account or any such Escrowed 
Property. If Depositor or Escrow Agent becomes aware that any person or 
entity is asserting any lien, encumbrance, security interest or adverse 
claim (including any writ, garnishment, judgment, warrant of attachment, 
execution or similar process or any claim of control) against any of the 
Escrowed Property held in or credited to the Escrow Account, such Party 
shall promptly notify the other Parties hereto thereof.

16. NOTICES. All communications, notices and instructions required herein 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if 
delivered by (a) hand or first class, registered or certified mail, return 
receipt requested, postage prepaid, (b) facsimile or electronic 
transmission if followed by letter and affirmative confirmation of receipt 
is received (such facsimile or electronically transmitted notice to be 
effective on the date such affirmative confirmation of receipt is 
received), or (c) overnight courier (such notice to be effective the 
following business day if instructions to deliver such notice on the next 
business day are given) and addressed as follows:

If to Escrow Agent:

U.S. Bank National Association                
60 Livingston Avenue EP-MN-WS3C
St. Paul, MN 55107
Attn: Donald T. Hurrelbrink
(651) 466-6308  Direct
(651) 466-7430  Facsimile
Email: donald.hurrelbrink@usbank.com

If to Secured Party:    

U.S. Bank National Association                
60 Livingston Avenue EP-MN-WS3C
St. Paul, MN 55107
Attn: Donald T. Hurrelbrink
 
H-13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(651) 466-6308  Direct
(651) 466-7430  Facsimile
Email: donald.hurrelbrink@usbank.com

If to Depositor:

Beacon Escrow Corporation
c/o Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.
505 Huntmar Park Drive, Suite 300
Herndon, VA 20170
Attn: Joseph Nowicki
(703) 437-1919  Facsimile

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sidley Austin LLP
One South Dearborn Street
Chicago, Illinois 60603
Attn:    Jeffrey N. Smith, Esq.
            Michael P. Heinz, Esq.
(312) 853-7036  Facsimile

In the event Escrow Agent shall receive such written instructions and shall 
determine pursuant to its sole discretion that verification of such 
instructions shall be required, then Escrow Agent shall be permitted to 
seek confirmation of such instructions by way of telephone contact to the 
author of such written instructions. Verification of the instructions by 
the purported author of the instructions called at the telephone number 
placed on the instructions shall serve to verify such instructions.

17. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall not be assignable absent written 
consent of the Parties. Any assignment absent written consent shall be 
deemed void ab initio, except that the merger or acquisition of all or 
substantially all the assets of any of the Parties shall not require 
written consent, but shall require written notice to each of the Parties. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, all covenants contained in this Agreement by 
or on behalf of the Parties shall bind and inure to the benefit of such 
Parties and their respective heirs, administrators, legal representatives, 
successors and assigns.

18. MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT. This Agreement (including the Exhibits 
hereto) shall constitute the complete and entire understanding of the 
Parties, and shall supersede any and all prior agreements between or among 
them. The provisions of this Agreement shall not be waived, modified, 
amended, altered or supplemented, in whole or in part, except by a writing 
signed by all the Parties, which makes specific reference to this 
Agreement; provided, however, that any amendment to the Escrow Redemption 
Price or the Escrow Redemption Date that would adversely affect the holders 
of the Notes shall require the consent of each holder of the then 
outstanding Notes affected thereby.
 
H-14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. CHOICE OF LAW;VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE 
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY 
AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR 
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

In connection with this Agreement, each of the Parties irrevocably (a) 
consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal 
courts in the County and State of New York in connection with any matter 
arising out of this Agreement, (b) waives any objection to such 
jurisdiction or venue, (c) agrees not to commence any legal proceedings 
related hereto except in such courts, and (d) consents to and agrees to 
accept service of process to vest personal jurisdiction over it in such 
courts.

20. FORCE MAJEURE. No party to this Agreement shall be liable to any other 
party for losses arising out of, or the inability to perform its 
obligations under the terms of this Agreement, due to acts of God, which 
shall include, but shall not be limited to, fire, floods, strikes, 
mechanical failure, war, riot, nuclear accident, earthquake, terrorist 
attack, computer piracy, cyber-terrorism, fire, epidemics, delays of common 
carriers or other acts beyond the control of the Parties; it being 
understood that Escrow Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts 
which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to 
resume performance as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances.

21. EXECUTION. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, 
including by electronic delivery, each of which shall be deemed an 
original, but such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date it is 
executed by the last party to do so.

22. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. Nothing in this Agreement, express or 
implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any person other than the 
signatory parties hereto and the Indemnified Parties any right, benefit or 
remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

23. SEVERABILITY. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid 
or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the 
validity or enforceability (i) of the offending term or provision in any 
other situation or in any other jurisdiction or (ii) of any other term or 
provision of this Agreement.

24. DEALINGS. Escrow Agent and any stockholder, director, officer or 
employee of Escrow Agent may buy, sell, and deal in any of the securities 
of Depositor or Secured Party and become pecuniarily interested in any 
transaction in which Depositor or Secured Party may be interested, and 
contract and lend money to Depositor or Secured Party and otherwise act as 
fully and freely as though it were not Escrow Agent under this Agreement. 
Nothing herein shall preclude Escrow Agent from acting in any other 
capacity for Depositor or Secured Party or for any other entity.
 
H-15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
25. SECURITY PROCEDURES. In the event any fund release, disbursement, or 
transfer instructions are given (other than in writing at the time of 
execution of this Agreement or any related or underlying agreement), 
whether in writing, by telecopier, electronic transmission, or otherwise, 
Escrow Agent is authorized to seek confirmation of such instructions by 
telephone call-back to the person or persons designated on Exhibit D 
hereto, and Escrow Agent may rely in good faith upon the confirmation of 
anyone purporting to be the person or persons so designated. The persons 
and telephone numbers for call-backs may be changed only in a writing 
actually received and acknowledged by Escrow Agent.

26. ESCHEAT. The Parties are aware that under applicable state law, 
property which is presumed abandoned may under certain circumstances 
escheat to the applicable state. Escrow Agent shall have no liability to 
the Parties, their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and 
assigns, or any other party, should any or all of the Escrowed Property and 
any proceeds thereof escheat by operation of law.

28. DEFINITIONS.

Company Assumption means the consummation of the transactions whereby (a) 
the Company will assume all of the obligations of Depositor under the Notes 
and the Indenture, and (b) Depositor will be released from its obligations 
in respect of the Notes and the Indenture.

Conditions Precedent Date means (x) August 31, 2018 or (y) such earlier 
date as the Company shall notify Secured Party and Escrow Agent or shall 
otherwise announce that the Stock Purchase Agreement has been or will be 
terminated or that the Company will not otherwise pursue the Acquisition.

Escrow Conditions means, collectively, all of the following:

(a) All of the conditions precedent to the consummation of the Acquisition 
shall have been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by 
their terms are to be satisfied substantially concurrently with the 
consummation of the Acquisition) and the Escrowed Property will be used on 
a substantially concurrent basis by the Company to consummate the 
Acquisition in accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement as 
in effect on the date hereof, together with such amendments, modifications 
or waivers that are not materially adverse to the holders of the Notes;

(b) all of the conditions precedent to the effectiveness of, and borrowings 
under, the Senior Credit Facilities (as defined in the Indenture) have been 
satisfied or waived (other than the release of the Escrowed Property), and 
prior to or substantially concurrently with the release of the Escrowed 
Property, the borrowings under the Senior Credit Facilities (as defined in 
the Indenture) will be available on the Escrow Release Date (as defined in 
the Indenture); and
 
H-16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) prior to or substantially concurrent with the release of the Escrowed 
Property, (1) Depositor shall merge with and into the Company, with the 
Company continuing as the surviving corporation, (2) the Company Assumption 
shall be consummated and (3) the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined in the 
Indenture) shall have, by supplemental indenture, become parties to the 
Indenture.

Escrow Redemption means the obligation of Depositor under the Indenture 
to redeem all of the Notes if the Escrow Conditions are not satisfied on or 
prior to the Conditions Precedent Date.

Escrow Redemption Date means a day selected by Depositor that is no 
earlier than the Conditions Precedent Date and no later than three (3) 
business days following the date of the Redemption Notice.

Escrow Redemption Price means (a) 100.0% of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes, if the Escrow Redemption Date occurs on or prior to 
February 28, 2018, or (b) 101.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes, if the Escrow Redemption Date occurs after February 28, 2018, in 
each case plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, from October 25, 2017 
to, but not including, the Escrow Redemption Date, calculated using a rate 
of 4.875% per annum.

Investment Direction means an officers certificate, signed by an officer 
of Depositor, directing the Escrow Agent to invest and reinvest the 
Escrowed Property in a manner other than the investment set forth in 
Exhibit B.

Redemption Notice means a notice from Depositor to Escrow Agent that the 
Escrow Conditions will not be satisfied on or prior to the Conditions 
Precedent Date (or that the Stock Purchase Agreement has been or will be 
terminated or that the Company has determined that the Acquisition will not 
otherwise be pursued) and that an Escrow Redemption is to occur (which 
notice shall state the Escrow Redemption Date and the Escrow Redemption 
Price for the Notes).

Release Request means an officers certificate requesting release of the 
Escrowed Property signed by an officer of Depositor, certifying that each 
of the Escrow Conditions has been satisfied.
 
H-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date first written above.
 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Escrow Agent
By: 	  	
 
Its: 	  	Vice President
Date: 	  	
 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Secured Party
By: 	  	
 
Its: 	  	Vice President
Date: 	  	
 
BEACON ESCROW CORPORATION, as Depositor
By: 	  	
 
Its: 	  	
 
Date: 	  	
 
 
H-18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A

(a) If at any time on or prior to the Conditions Precedent Date, Depositor 
delivers a signed Release Request to Escrow Agent and Secured Party, 
certifying that, prior to or substantially concurrently with the release of 
funds from the Escrow Account, each of the Escrow Conditions will be 
satisfied, Escrow Agent will release the Escrowed Property to the Company 
or such other person as the Company directs on the business day following 
the business day such Release Request is received by Escrow Agent.

Escrow Agent is authorized to use the following funds transfer instructions 
to disburse any Escrowed Property due to the Company pursuant to this 
subsection (a):
 
Bank Name: __________________________
Bank Address: _______________________
ABA No.: ____________________________
Account Name: _______________________
Account No.: _________________________

(b) If Escrow Agent receives a Redemption Notice, Escrow Agent will, at 
Depositors expense, deliver (in accordance with the procedures of the 
Depository Trust Company) or otherwise by first-class mail to the 
registered address of each holder of Notes, a notice that the Escrow 
Redemption will occur. On the Escrow Redemption Date, Escrow Agent will 
release to Secured Party an amount of Escrowed Property in cash equal to 
the Escrow Redemption Price specified in the Redemption Notice for the 
Notes. Concurrently with such release to Secured Party, Escrow Agent shall 
release any remaining Escrowed Property in excess of the Escrow Redemption 
Price to the Company.

Escrow Agent is authorized to use the following funds transfer instructions 
to disburse any Escrowed Property due to the Company pursuant to this 
subsection (b):
 
Bank Name: __________________________
Bank Address: _______________________
ABA No.: ____________________________
Account Name: _______________________
Account No.: _________________________
 
H-19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
Investment Authorization Form

U.S. BANK MONEY MARKET DEPOSIT ACCOUNT

Description and Terms

The U.S. Bank Money Market Deposit Account is a U.S. Bank National 
Association (U.S. Bank) interest-bearing money market deposit account 
designed to meet the needs of U.S. Banks Corporate Trust Services Escrow 
Group and other Corporate Trust customers of U.S. Bank. Selection of this 
investment includes authorization to place funds on deposit and invest with 
U.S. Bank.

U.S. Bank uses the daily balance method to calculate interest on this 
account (actual/365 or 366). This method applies a daily periodic rate to 
the principal balance in the account each day. Interest is accrued daily 
and credited monthly to the account. Interest rates are determined at U.S. 
Banks discretion, and may be tiered by customer deposit amount. The 
interest rate applicable to this account shall be at least 0.75% APY.

The owner of the account is U.S. Bank as agent for its Corporate Trust 
customers. U.S. Banks Corporate Trust Services Escrow Group performs all 
account deposits and withdrawals. Deposit accounts are FDIC insured per 
depositor, as determined under FDIC Regulations, up to applicable FDIC 
limits.

U.S. BANK IS NOT REQUIRED TO REGISTER AS A MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITH THE 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION FOR PURPOSES OF COMPLYING WITH THE 
DODD-FRANK WALL STREET REFORM & CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT. INVESTMENT ADVICE, 
IF NEEDED, SHOULD BE OBTAINED FROM YOUR FINANCIAL ADVISOR.


Automatic Authorization

In the absence of specific written direction to the contrary, U.S. Bank is 
hereby directed to invest and reinvest proceeds and other available moneys 
in the U.S. Bank Money Market Deposit Account. The customer(s) confirm that 
the U.S. Bank Money Market Deposit Account is a permitted investment under 
the operative documents and this authorization is the permanent direction 
for investment of the moneys until notified in writing of alternate 
instructions.
 
H-20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit C

Fee Schedule

These fees are based upon our current understanding of our duties under of 
the above-referenced agreement. U.S. Bank National Association reserves the 
rights to adjust its fees should its duties change under the agreement.
 
ACCEPTANCE FEE: 	   	Waived
ADVANCE ANNUAL ADMINISTRATION FEE 	   	$[]
TRANSACTION FEES: 	   	WAIVED
Wire Fee: 	   	
Check Disbursement: 	   	
LEGAL FEES: 	   	If any, at cost


The Acceptance Fee and the Advance Annual Administration Fee are payable 
upon execution of the escrow documents. In the event the escrow is not 
funded, the Acceptance Fee and all related expenses, including attorneys 
fees remain due and payable, and if paid, will not be refunded. Annual fees 
cover a full year in advance, or any part thereof, and thus are not 
pro-rated in the year of termination. All other fees, if any, will be 
billed to the client in arrears.
 
H-21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit D

Secured Party
 
  	1. 	Taxpayer Identification Number:__________________________________
 
  	2. 	Company Representative: The following individual/s is hereby 
designated as representative of Secured Party under the Agreement.
 
Name: ________________________ 	   	Specimen Signature: 
___________________________
Name: ________________________ 	   	Specimen Signature: 
___________________________

Call-Back designee(s) and phone number:


Depositor
 
  	1. 	Taxpayer Identification Number: __________________________________
 
  	2. 	Company Representative: The following individual/s is hereby 
designated as representative of Depositor under the Agreement.
 
Name: ________________________ 	   	Specimen Signature: 
___________________________
Name: ________________________ 	   	Specimen Signature: 
___________________________

Call-Back designee(s) and phone number:
 
H-22