 EX-10.1 3 a17-4324_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
NRG Energy, Inc.
804 Carnegie Center
Princeton, New Jersey 08540
 
February 13, 2017
 
Elliott Associates, L.P.
Elliott International, L.P.
Elliott International Capital Advisors Inc.
40 West 57th Street
New York, NY 10019
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
This letter (this Agreement) constitutes the agreement between NRG 
Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Elliott Associates, 
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (EALP), Elliott International, L.P., 
a Cayman Islands limited partnership (EILP), and Elliot International 
Capital Advisors Inc., a Delaware corporation (EICA, and, together with 
EALP, and EILP, the Investors).  Concurrently with the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement, the Company has entered into a cooperation 
agreement (the Bluescape Agreement) with Bluescape Energy Partners LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, and BEP Special Situations 2 LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (collectively, Bluescape).  Each of 
the Company and the Investors is individually a Party and collectively 
they are the Parties.  Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined 
herein have the meanings ascribed to them in paragraph 11 hereof.
 
1.                                      New Directors.  Effective as of the 
date hereof, (a) immediately prior to the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, Howard E. Cosgrove and Edward R. Muller shall resign from the 
board of directors of the Company (the Board) and, (b) upon the execution 
and delivery of this Agreement and immediately following the effectiveness 
of such resignations, the Board shall appoint C. John Wilder, Jr. (the 
New Investor Director) and Barry T. Smitherman (the New Independent 
Director, and together with the New Investor Director, the New Directors
) as new members of the Board to fill the directorship vacancies created 
by such resignations.  Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, 
Lawrence S. Coben shall become chair of the Board.
 
2.                                      The Company shall include the New 
Directors on its slate for election as directors of the Company at the 2017 
Annual Meeting; provided that, if a Bluescape Shortfall Event (as such term 
is defined in the Bluescape Agreement) has occurred, then the Company shall 
have no obligation pursuant to this sentence with respect to the New 
Investor Director.  If the New Independent Director resigns, is removed 
(other than for cause), or is otherwise unable or unwilling to serve as a 
director at any time during the Restricted Period, then the Company and the 
Investors shall mutually agree on a replacement who is Independent and who 
satisfies the Board membership criteria set forth in the Companys 
Corporate Governance Guidelines.  Such replacement for the New Independent 
Director shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date on 
which the New Independent Director ceases to be a director of the Company 
(taking into account the Companys director review process, which the 
Company shall commence promptly upon such resignation and complete as 
promptly as practicable), be appointed to the Board and the Committee, in 
each case, to serve the unexpired term of the departed New Independent 
Director with respect thereto, and shall be considered the New Independent 
Director for all purposes of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Agreement, if the aggregate beneficial ownership of 
the Investors and their controlling and controlled Affiliates decreases to 
less than 9,463,289 shares of the Companys common stock (as such number 
may be adjusted to take into account any stock split, reverse stock split, 
stock dividend, reclassification or similar event with respect to the 
Companys common stock occurring after the date hereof) (an Elliott 
Shortfall Event), then the Company shall have no obligation pursuant to 
the immediately preceding two sentences with respect to the New Independent 
Director.  Any other vacancy on the Board (including any vacancy resulting 
from any removal of any New Director for cause) or, subject to this 
paragraph 2 and paragraph 6, any vacancy on any committee of the Board, in 
any case, occurring during the Restricted Period, shall be filled by the 
Board upon the recommendation of the Governance and Nominating Committee of 
the Board.  Any new committee of the Board
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
established after the date hereof during the Restricted Period shall have 
at least one (1) New Director as a member thereof.  During the Restricted 
Period, the number of directors shall not exceed thirteen (13) without the 
prior written consent of the Investors.  No decrease in the size of the 
Board during the Restricted Period shall affect the membership of the New 
Directors.
 
3.                                      As a condition to the appointment 
of any replacement for any New Director to the Board and any New Directors 
nomination for election as a director at any Annual Meeting (including the 
2017 Annual Meeting), such replacement or New Director, as applicable, 
shall provide any information that the Company reasonably requires, 
including information required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or 
other filing under applicable law, stock exchange rules or listing 
standards, information in connection with assessing eligibility, 
independence and other criteria applicable to directors or satisfying 
compliance and legal obligations, and shall consent to appropriate 
background checks, to the extent, in each case, consistent with the 
information and background checks required by the Company in accordance 
with past practice with respect to other members of the Board.  If, at any 
time, the Board learns that the New Independent Director has committed, 
been indicted or charged with, or made a plea of nolo contendre to a felony 
or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud, 
then (a) the Board may, in its sole discretion, request that the New 
Independent Director resign from the Board and any committees thereof and, 
(b) as promptly as practicable following such resignation (taking into 
account the Companys director review process, which the Company shall 
commence promptly upon such resignation and complete as promptly as 
practicable), (i) the Company and the Investors shall mutually agree upon a 
replacement for the New Independent Director and (ii) such replacement 
shall be appointed to the Board and the Committee, in each case, to serve 
the unexpired term of the departed New Independent Director with respect 
thereto, and shall be considered the New Independent Director for all 
purposes of this Agreement.  Concurrently with the execution of this 
Agreement, the New Independent Director has executed and delivered to the 
Company an irrevocable resignation letter, in form and substance reasonably 
acceptable to the Company, pursuant to which the New Independent Director 
shall resign from the Board and any committees thereof in accordance with 
the terms thereof.
 
4.                                      In connection with the 2017 Annual 
Meeting (and any adjournments or postponements thereof), the Company shall 
(a) recommend that the Companys stockholders vote in favor of the election 
of each of the Companys nominees (including the New Directors), (b) 
solicit proxies for each of the Companys nominees (including the New 
Directors), (c) cause all Company common stock represented by proxies 
granted to it (or any of its officers, directors or representatives) to be 
voted in favor of each of the Companys nominees (including the New 
Directors) and (d) otherwise support the New Directors for election in a 
manner no less rigorous and favorable than the manner in which the Company 
supports its other nominees; provided that, if a Bluescape Shortfall Event 
has occurred, then the Company shall have no obligation pursuant to this 
sentence with respect to the New Investor Director.  In connection with any 
Annual Meeting (and any adjournments or postponements thereof) held during 
the Restricted Period, the Investors shall cause to be present for quorum 
purposes and vote or cause to be voted all Company common stock 
beneficially owned by them or their controlling or controlled Affiliates 
and which they or such controlling or controlled Affiliates are entitled to 
vote on the record date for such Annual Meeting in favor of (i) the 
election of directors nominated by the Board and (ii) otherwise in 
accordance with the Boards recommendation on any non-Extraordinary 
Transaction related proposals; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
for purposes of this paragraph 4, shares of Company common stock underlying 
physically-settled swap instruments held by the Investors or their 
controlling or controlled Affiliates shall not be deemed to be 
beneficially owned by such Investors or their controlling or controlled 
Affiliates, as applicable.
 
5.                                      The Parties acknowledge that the 
New Directors, upon election to the Board, (a) shall serve as members of 
the Board and shall be governed by the same protections and obligations 
regarding confidentiality, conflicts of interest, related-party 
transactions, fiduciary duties, codes of conduct, trading and disclosure 
policies, director resignation policies, and corporate governance policies 
of the Company (collectively, Company Policies) as other directors, and 
(b) shall be required to preserve the confidentiality of, and not disclose 
to any Person (including any Investor or any other Restricted Person), 
non-public information of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including 
discussions or matters considered in meetings of the Board or Board 
committees, and shall have the same rights and benefits, including with 
respect to insurance, indemnification, compensation and fees, as are 
applicable to all independent directors of the Company; provided that the 
New Investor Director shall be permitted to disclose confidential 
information regarding the Company to Bluescape in accordance (and solely in 
accordance) with the Investor Confidentiality Agreement (as such term is 
defined in the Bluescape Agreement).  The Company represents and warrants 
that all Company Policies in effect as of the date hereof are publicly 
available on
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Companys website or described in its proxy statement filed with the 
SEC on March 16, 2016, or have otherwise been provided to the Investors, 
and such Company Policies shall not be amended prior to the appointment of 
the New Directors.  For the avoidance of doubt, during the Restricted 
Period, the Investors and their respective Affiliates may initiate private 
communications with any Third Party with respect to the Company, its 
subsidiaries and its and their respective Affiliates so long as such 
communications comply with the applicable terms of this Agreement.  During 
the Restricted Period, no changes may be made to the Company Policies, and 
no new Company Policies may be adopted, in each case, that materially 
interfere with the arrangements contemplated hereby.
 
6.                                      The Board shall take all action 
necessary to establish, effective upon the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, an ad hoc committee of the Board (the Committee).  The 
Committee shall be authorized and empowered to consider, investigate, 
review, evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding, the 
Companys (a) operational and cost excellence initiatives, (b) potential 
portfolio and/or asset de-consolidations, dispositions and optimization, 
(c) capital structure and allocation and (d) broader strategic initiatives. 
 Except as otherwise authorized or empowered by the Board, the Committee 
shall only be authorized and empowered to take the foregoing actions and 
shall not (i) be entitled to authorize, approve, adopt, ratify, negotiate, 
or otherwise take any action with respect to any transaction, agreement, 
offer, proposal, arrangement or otherwise, whether preliminary or 
definitive, or (ii) have or exercise any authority to approve any action of 
the Company or its subsidiaries.  The Committee shall remain in existence 
during the Committee Period.  At all times during the Committee Period, the 
Committee shall be comprised of five (5) members, initially consisting of 
the New Investor Director, the New Independent Director, Mauricio 
Gutierrez, Anne C. Schaumburg and Paul W. Hobby.  At all such times during 
the Committee Period as the New Investor Director or New Independent 
Director, as the case may be, is a member of the Board, such New Investor 
Director or New Independent Director, as applicable, shall also serve as a 
member of the Committee.  A majority of the members of the Committee shall 
be independent directors. In the event that any vacancy on the Committee 
during the Committee Period occurs as a result of the resignation or 
removal of any of Mauricio Gutierrez, Anne C. Schaumburg or Paul W. Hobby, 
the Board shall promptly appoint one of the individuals listed on Schedule 
I to fill such vacancy; provided that, if any individual listed on 
Schedule I ceases to be a member of the Board for any reason, then 
Schedule I shall be deemed to be automatically amended (A) to remove the 
name of the individual who has ceased to be a member and (B) to add the 
name of the individual who has been elected to the Board to fill the 
vacancy thereon created by the former members departure.  For purposes 
hereof, an independent director is a director who meets the definition of 
independent director under the listing standards of the New York Stock 
Exchange and is affirmatively determined to be independent by the Board 
consistent with past practice.  During the Committee Period, the chair of 
the Committee shall be the New Investor Director.  The Board shall adopt a 
charter of the Committee that authorizes the Committee to retain, at the 
expense of the Company, such outside counsel, experts and other advisors 
and consultants as the Committee determines is appropriate to assist it in 
the full performance of its duties.  During the Committee Period, the 
charter of the Committee shall not be amended in any manner inconsistent 
with the immediately preceding sentence without the prior written consent 
of the Investors. As promptly as practicable following the conclusion of 
the Committees review process, but in any event no later than August 15, 
2017, the Company will publicly disclose any recommendations of the 
Committee that have been agreed to and adopted by the Board at such time; 
provided that, if an Elliott Shortfall Event has occurred, then the Company 
shall have no obligation pursuant to this sentence. Effective upon the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Board shall appoint the New 
Investor Director to serve as a member of the Finance and Risk Management 
Committee of the Board during the Committee Period.  The Board shall 
consider in good faith the appointment of the New Independent Director to 
any other committees of the Board in existence as of the date hereof.  The 
Board shall not establish an executive committee or any other new committee 
of the Board after the date hereof during the Restricted Period unless at 
least one New Director is appointed to serve as a member thereof.
 
7.                                      Promptly following the execution 
and delivery of this Agreement (but in any event within one (1) business 
day after the date hereof), the Company shall issue a press release in the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Company Press Release) and each 
Party shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates and its and their 
respective principals, directors, members, general partners, officers, 
employees and agents and representatives acting on their behalf not to, 
make any statement inconsistent with the Company Press Release in 
connection with the announcement of this Agreement.  Each of the Investors 
shall not, and shall cause its other Restricted Persons not to, issue any 
press release in connection with the execution of this Agreement.  
Additionally, promptly following the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement (but in any event within one (1) business day after the date 
hereof), the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Company 
8-K), which shall report the entry into this
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Agreement.  The Investors shall promptly, but in no event prior to the 
issuance by the Company of the Company Press Release and the filing by the 
Company of the Company 8-K, prepare and file an amendment to the Schedule 
13D with respect to the Company originally filed by the Investors with the 
SEC on January 17, 2017 (such amendment, the Schedule 13D) disclosing 
their entry into this Agreement and amending the Schedule 13D, as 
appropriate.  Each of the Schedule 13D and the Form 8-K shall be consistent 
with the Company Press Release and the terms of this Agreement.  The 
Schedule 13-D shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the 
Company and the Investors, and the Company 8-K shall be in form and 
substance reasonably acceptable the Company and the Investors.
 
8.                                      From the date of this Agreement 
until the Expiration Date or until such earlier time as the restrictions in 
this paragraph 8 terminate as provided herein (such period, the 
Restricted Period), each of the Investors shall not, and shall cause its 
Affiliates and its and their respective principals, directors, general 
partners, officers, employees, and agents and representatives acting on 
their behalf (collectively, Restricted Persons) not to, directly or 
indirectly, absent prior express written invitation or authorization by the 
Board:
 
(a)                                 engage in any solicitation (as such 
term is used in the proxy rules of the SEC) of proxies or consents with 
respect to the election or removal of directors of the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries or any other matter or proposal relating to the Company or 
any of its subsidiaries or become a participant (as such term is used in 
the proxy rules of the SEC) in any such solicitation of proxies or 
consents;
 
(b)                                 knowingly encourage or advise any 
Person or knowingly assist any Person in encouraging or advising any other 
Person (i) with respect to the giving or withholding of any proxy or 
consent relating to, or other authority to vote, any Voting Securities, or 
(ii) in conducting any type of referendum relating to the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries (other than such encouragement or advice that is 
consistent with managements recommendation in connection with a particular 
matter);
 
(c)                                  form, join or act in concert with any 
group as defined pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), with respect to any Voting 
Securities, other than solely with the other Investors and Affiliates of 
the Investors with respect to Voting Securities;
 
(d)                                 acquire, or offer, seek or agree to 
acquire, by purchase or otherwise, or direct any Third Party in the 
acquisition of, any Voting Securities of the Company, or engage in any swap 
or hedging transactions or other derivative agreements of any nature with 
respect to Voting Securities, in each case, if such acquisition, offer, 
agreement or transaction would result in the Investors having beneficial 
ownership of more than 9.9%, or economic exposure to more than 19.9%, of 
the outstanding common stock of the Company;
 
(e)                                  sell, offer or agree to sell, all or 
substantially all, directly or indirectly, through swap or hedging 
transactions or otherwise, voting rights decoupled from the underlying 
common stock of the Company held by the Investors to any Third Party;
 
(f)                                   make or in any way participate, 
either alone or in concert with others, directly or indirectly, in any 
tender offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation, acquisition, business 
combination, purchase of a division, purchase of substantially all of the 
assets, recapitalization, restructuring, liquidation, dissolution or 
similar extraordinary transaction involving the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries or its or their respective securities or assets (each, an 
Extraordinary Transaction) (it being understood that the foregoing shall 
not restrict the Restricted Persons from tendering shares, receiving 
payment for shares or otherwise participating in any such transaction 
initiated by a Third Party on the same basis as other stockholders of the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or from participating in any such 
transaction that has been approved by the Board or the board of any 
subsidiary of the Company); or make, directly or indirectly, any proposal, 
either alone or in concert with others, to the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries or the Board or the board of any subsidiary of the Company 
that would reasonably be expected to require a public announcement 
regarding any of the types of matters set forth above in this clause (f);
 
(g)                                  enter into a voting trust, arrangement 
or agreement with respect to any Voting Securities, or subject any Voting 
Securities to any voting trust, arrangement or agreement other than (i) 
this Agreement, (ii)
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
solely with the other Investors or Affiliates of the Investors, or (iii) 
granting proxies in solicitations approved by the Board or the board of any 
subsidiary of the Company;
 
(h)                                 engage in any short sale or any 
purchase, sale or grant of any option, warrant, convertible security, stock 
appreciation right, or other similar right (including any put or call 
option or swap transaction with respect to any security (other than a 
broad-based market basket or index)) that includes, relates to or derives 
any significant part of its value from a decline in the market price or 
value of the Voting Securities if such short sale, purchase, sale or grant 
would result in the Investors, together with their controlled and 
controlling Affiliates, no longer having an aggregate Net Long Position;
 
(i)                                     (i) seek, alone or in concert with 
others, election or appointment to, or representation on, the Board or the 
board of any subsidiary of the Company or nominate or propose the 
nomination of, or recommend the nomination of, any candidate to the Board 
or any such other board, except as set forth herein, (ii) seek, alone or in 
concert with others, the removal of any member of the Board or any such 
other board, except as expressly set forth herein, or (iii) conduct a 
referendum of stockholders of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;
 
(j)                                    make or be the proponent of any 
stockholder proposal (pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or 
otherwise) relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries;
 
(k)                                 make any request for stock list 
materials or other books and records of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries under Section 220 of the General Corporation Law of the State 
of Delaware or other statutory or regulatory provisions providing for 
shareholder access to books and records;
 
(l)                                     except as set forth herein, make 
any public proposal with respect to (i) any change in the number or term of 
directors or the filling of any vacancies on the Board or the board of any 
subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any material change in the capitalization 
or dividend policy of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) any 
other material change in management, business or corporate structure of the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iv) any waiver, amendment or 
modification to the certificate of incorporation or by-laws (Governing 
Documents) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or other actions 
which may impede the acquisition of control of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries by any Person, (v) causing a class of securities of the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries to be delisted from, or to cease to be 
authorized to be quoted on, any securities exchange or (vi) causing a class 
of equity securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to become 
eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of 
the Exchange Act;
 
(m)                             institute, solicit, assist or join any 
litigation, arbitration or other proceeding against or involving the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their respective 
current or former directors or officers (including derivative actions) in 
order to effect or take any of the actions expressly prohibited by this 
paragraph 8; provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, the 
foregoing shall not prevent any Restricted Person from (i) instituting 
litigation to enforce the provisions of this Agreement; (ii) making 
counterclaims with respect to any proceeding initiated by, or on behalf of, 
the Company against a Restricted Person, (iii) bringing bona fide 
commercial disputes that do not relate to the subject matter of this 
Agreement or the topics covered in the correspondence between the Company 
and the Restricted Persons prior to the date hereof, or (iv) exercising 
statutory appraisal rights; provided, further, that the foregoing shall 
also not prevent the Restricted Persons from responding to or complying 
with a validly issued legal process;
 
(n)                                 enter into any negotiations, agreements 
or understandings with any Third Party to take any action that the 
Investors are prohibited from taking pursuant to this paragraph 8;
 
(o)                                 publicly disclose any intention, plan 
or arrangement inconsistent with any provision of this paragraph 8; or
 
(p)                                 make any request or submit any proposal 
to amend or waive the terms of this Agreement, in each case which would 
reasonably be expected to result in a public announcement of such request 
or proposal;
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
provided that (A) the restrictions in this paragraph 8 shall terminate 
automatically upon the earliest of: (i) as a non-exclusive remedy for any 
such breach, five (5) business days after written notice is delivered to 
the Company by the Investors following a material breach of this Agreement 
by the Company (including, without limitation, a failure to appoint the New 
Directors or otherwise constitute the Board in accordance with paragraph 1, 
a failure to establish the Committee in accordance with paragraph 6, or a 
failure to issue the Company Press Release in accordance with paragraph 7) 
if such breach has not been cured within such notice period; provided 
further, that none of the Investors is in material breach of this Agreement 
at the time such notice is given; (ii) the announcement by the Company that 
it has entered into a definitive agreement with respect to any 
Extraordinary Transaction that would result in the acquisition by any 
Person of more than 50% of the Voting Securities of the Company; (iii) the 
commencement of any tender or exchange offer (by any Person other than the 
Investors or their Affiliates) which, if consummated, would constitute an 
Extraordinary Transaction that would result in the acquisition by any 
Person of more than 50% of the Voting Securities, where the Company files 
with the SEC a Schedule 14D-9 (or any amendment thereto) that does not 
recommend that its stockholders reject such tender or exchange offer 
(provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Company from issuing a 
stop, look and listen communication pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated 
under the Exchange Act in response to the commencement of any tender or 
exchange offer); (iv) such time as the Company files with the SEC or 
delivers to its stockholders a preliminary proxy statement, definitive 
proxy statement or other proxy materials in connection with the 2017 Annual 
Meeting that are inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement; and (v) the 
adoption by the Board of any amendment to the Companys Governing 
Documents, each as in effect on the date hereof, that would reasonably be 
expected to impair the ability of a stockholder to submit nominations of 
individuals for election to the Board or stockholder proposals in 
connection with any Annual Meeting; and (B) nothing in this paragraph 8 or 
paragraph 9 shall prevent any Investor from making (i) any public or 
private statement or announcement with respect to any Extraordinary 
Transaction that is publicly announced by the Company or a Third Party, or 
(ii) any factual statement made to comply with any subpoena or other legal 
process or respond to a request for information from any governmental 
authority with jurisdiction over the Investor from whom information is 
sought (so long as such process or request did not arise as a result of 
discretionary acts by any Investor or any of its Affiliates).  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this 
paragraph 8 shall prohibit or restrict any New Director (solely in his or 
her capacity as a director of the Company) from exercising his or her 
fiduciary duties as a director of the Company or restrict his or her 
discussions solely among other members of the Board and/or management, 
advisors, representatives or agents of the Company.
 
9.                                      During the Restricted Period, each 
of the Company and the Investors shall refrain from making, and shall cause 
their respective Affiliates and its and their respective principals, 
directors, members, general partners, officers, employees and agents and 
representatives acting on their behalf not to make or cause to be made any 
statement or announcement, including in any document or report filed with 
or furnished to the SEC or through the press, media, analysts or other 
Persons, that constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or otherwise disparages, 
defames, slanders, impugns or is reasonably likely to damage the reputation 
of, (a) in the case of statements or announcements by any of the Investors, 
the Company or any of its Affiliates, subsidiaries or advisors, or any of 
its or their respective current or former officers, directors or employees, 
and (b) in the case of statements or announcements by the Company, the 
Investors and the Investors advisors, their respective employees or any 
individual who has served as an employee of the Investors and the 
Investors advisors.  The foregoing shall not (i) restrict the ability of 
any Person to comply with any subpoena or other legal process or respond to 
a request for information from any governmental authority with jurisdiction 
over the Person from whom information is sought or (ii) apply to any 
private communications between the Investors, their respective Affiliates 
and its and their respective principals, directors, members, general 
partners, officers and employees, on the one hand, and the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries, directors, officers or employees, on the other hand.
 
10.                               The Investors hereby acknowledge that 
they and their Affiliates are aware that United States securities laws may 
restrict any person who has material, non-public information about a 
company from purchasing or selling any securities of such company while in 
possession of such information.
 
11.                               As used in this Agreement, the term (a) 
Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under 
the Exchange Act and shall include Persons who become Affiliates of any 
Person subsequent to the date of this Agreement; provided that Affiliates 
of a Person shall not include any entity, solely by reason of the fact that 
one or more of such Persons employees or principals serves as a member of 
its board of directors or similar governing body, unless such Person 
otherwise controls such entity (as the term control is defined in Rule 
12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act); (b) Annual Meeting 
shall mean the annual meeting of
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
stockholders of the Company, and any reference to an Annual Meeting 
preceded by a calendar year (e.g., 2017) shall mean the Annual Meeting to 
occur during such calendar year; (c) beneficially own, beneficially 
owned and beneficial ownership shall have the meaning set forth in Rules 
13d-3 and 13d-5(b)(l) promulgated under the Exchange Act; (d) business day
 shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed; (e) Committee Period shall 
mean the period from and after the date hereof until the earliest of (i) 
the 2018 Annual Meeting, (ii) the date that the Board fails to re-nominate 
the New Investor Director as a director of the Company in connection with 
an Annual Meeting and (iii) the date that the New Investor Director resigns 
or is removed for cause as a director of the Company (for the avoidance of 
doubt, it is understood and agreed that the Board shall have no obligation 
to re-nominate any New Director as a director of the Company following the 
2017 Annual Meeting); (f) controlled, controlling and controlled by 
shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the 
Exchange Act; (g) Expiration Date shall mean the earlier of (i) December 
31, 2017, and (ii) thirty (30) days prior to the first day of the time 
period established pursuant to the Companys by-laws for stockholders to 
deliver notice to the Company of director nominations to be brought before 
the 2018 Annual Meeting; (h) Independent shall mean that a Person (x) (i) 
shall not be an employee, director, general partner, manager or other agent 
of an Investor or of any Affiliate of an Investor, (ii) shall not be a 
limited partner, member or other investor in any Investor or any Affiliate 
of an Investor and (iii) shall not have, and shall not have had, any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding, written or oral, with any Investor 
or any Affiliate of an Investor regarding such Persons service on the 
Board (except as disclosed in writing to the Company prior to the execution 
and delivery of this Agreement or, with respect to any replacement 
director, prior to his or her appointment), and (y) shall be an independent 
director of the Company under the Companys independence guidelines, 
applicable law and the rules and regulations of the SEC and the New York 
Stock Exchange; (i) Net Long Position shall mean, with respect to any 
Person, such Persons net long position, as defined in Rule 14e-4 under the 
Exchange Act, mutatis mutandis, in respect of the Companys common stock; 
(j) Person shall be interpreted broadly to include, among others, any 
individual, general or limited partnership, corporation, limited liability 
or unlimited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, group, 
association or other entity of any kind or structure; (k) SEC means the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission; (l) Third Party shall 
mean any Person that is not a Party or an Affiliate thereof, a member of 
the Board, a director or officer of the Company, or legal counsel to any 
Party; and (m) Voting Securities shall mean the shares of common stock of 
the Company  and any other securities thereof entitled to vote in the 
election of directors, or securities convertible into, or exercisable or 
exchangeable for, such shares or other securities, whether or not subject 
to the passage of time or other contingencies.
 
12.                               Each of the Investors, severally and not 
jointly, represents, warrants and agrees that (a) this Agreement has been 
duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and is a valid and binding 
obligation of such Investor, enforceable against it in accordance with its 
terms; (b) except as disclosed in writing to the Company prior to the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement or, with respect to any 
replacement director, prior to his or her appointment, neither it nor any 
of its Affiliates has or will during the Restricted Period have, any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding, written or oral, with any New 
Director or any other member of the Board pursuant to which such individual 
has been or will be compensated for his or her service as a director on, or 
nominee for election to, the Board; and (c) as of the date of this 
Agreement, (i) the Investors and their respective Affiliates collectively 
beneficially own an aggregate of 16,883,606 shares of Voting Securities of 
the Company and (ii) except as disclosed in the Schedule 13D with respect 
to the Company originally filed by the Investors with the SEC on January 
17, 2017, none of the Investors nor any of their respective Affiliates, is 
a party to any swap or hedging transactions or other derivative agreements 
of any nature with respect to the Voting Securities of the Company.
 
13.                               The Company represents and warrants that 
(a) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it 
and is a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against 
the Company in accordance with its terms; (b) this Agreement does not 
require the approval of the stockholders of the Company; (c) this Agreement 
does not violate any law, any order of any court or other agency of 
government, the Companys Governing Documents, each as in effect on the 
date hereof; and (d) the committees listed in Schedule II constitute all of 
the committees of the Board in existence as of the date hereof.
 
14.                               The Company and each of the Investors 
each acknowledge and agree that money damages would not be a sufficient 
remedy for any breach (or threatened breach) of this Agreement by it and 
that, in the event of any breach or threatened breach hereof, (a) the 
non-breaching Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive and other 
equitable relief, without proof of actual damages; (b) the breaching Party 
shall not plead in defense thereto that there
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
would be an adequate remedy at law; and (c) the breaching Party agrees to 
waive any applicable right or requirement that a bond be posted by the 
non-breaching party.  Such remedies shall not be the exclusive remedies for 
a breach of this Agreement, but shall be in addition to all other remedies 
available at law or in equity.
 
15.                               This Agreement (including its exhibits 
and schedules) constitutes the only agreement between the Investors and the 
Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior 
agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or 
written.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 
the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  No 
Party may assign or otherwise transfer either this Agreement or any of its 
rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written 
approval of the other Party.  Any purported transfer requiring consent 
without such consent shall be void.  No amendment, modification, supplement 
or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it 
is in writing and signed by the Party affected thereby, and then only in 
the specific instance and for the specific purpose stated therein.  Any 
waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall 
not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such 
provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement.  The 
failure of a Party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this 
Agreement on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or 
deprive that Party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence 
to that term or any other term of this Agreement.
 
16.                               If any provision of this Agreement is 
held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the 
other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  
Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part 
or degree shall remain in full force and effect to the extent not held 
invalid or unenforceable.  The Parties further agree to replace such 
invalid or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and 
enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the 
purposes of such invalid or unenforceable provision.
 
17.                               This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.  Each of 
the Parties (a) irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the personal 
jurisdiction and venue of the federal or state courts, in each case, 
located in Wilmington, Delaware; (b) agrees that it shall not attempt to 
deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for 
leave from any such court; (c) agrees that it shall not bring any action 
relating to this Agreement or otherwise in any court other than such 
courts; and (d) waives any claim of improper venue or any claim that those 
courts are an inconvenient forum.  The Parties agree that mailing of 
process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in 
the manner provided in paragraph 19 or in such other manner as may be 
permitted by applicable law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. 
 Each of the Parties, after consulting or having had the opportunity to 
consult with counsel, knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waives any 
right that such Party may have to a trial by jury in any litigation based 
upon or arising out of this Agreement or any related instrument or 
agreement, or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, or any course 
of conduct, dealing, statements (whether oral or written), or actions of 
any of them.  No Party shall seek to consolidate, by counterclaim or 
otherwise, any action in which a jury trial has been waived with any other 
action in which a jury trial cannot be or has not been waived.
 
18.                               This Agreement is solely for the benefit 
of the Parties and shall not be enforceable by any other Person.
 
19.                               All notices, consents, requests, 
instructions, approvals and other communications provided for herein, and 
all legal process in regard hereto, shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
validly given, made or served when delivered in person, by electronic mail, 
by overnight courier or two (2) business days after being sent by 
registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) as 
follows:
 
    If to the Company to:
 
    NRG Energy, Inc.
    804 Carnegie Center
    Princeton, New Jersey 08540
    Attn:                    Brian Curci
    E-mail:        brian.curci@nrg.com
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
    Latham & Watkins LLP
    885 Third Avenue
    New York, NY 10022-4834
    Attn:                    Thomas W. Christopher
    Stephen B. Amdur
    E-mail:        thomas.christopher@lw.com
    stephen.amdur@lw.com
 
    If to the Investors:
    Elliott Associates, L.P.
    Elliott International, L.P.
    Elliott International Capital Advisors Inc.
    40 West 57th Street
    New York, NY 10019
    Attn:                    Jeffrey Rosenbaum
    E-mail:        jrosenbaum@elliottmgmt.com
 
At any time, any Party may, by notice given in accordance with this 
paragraph 19 to the other Party, provide updated information for notices 
hereunder.
 
20.                               Promptly following the execution of this 
Agreement (but in any event within five (5) business days after the date 
hereof), the Company shall reimburse the Investors for up to $700,000 of 
the reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses 
(including, without limitation, all fees, costs and expenses of legal 
counsel, consultants and other third-party advisors engaged by the 
Investors) incurred by the Investors prior to the date hereof in connection 
with their investment in the Company, including, without limitation, the 
negotiation, execution and effectuation of this Agreement and the matters 
contemplated hereby.
 
21.                               Each of the Parties acknowledges that it 
has been represented by counsel of its choice throughout all negotiations 
that have preceded the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and that 
it has executed this Agreement with the advice of such counsel.  Each Party 
and its counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation 
of this Agreement, and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among 
the Parties shall be deemed the work product of all of the Parties and may 
not be construed against any Party by reason of its drafting or 
preparation.  Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would 
require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any 
Party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is hereby 
expressly waived by each of the Parties, and any controversy over 
interpretations of this Agreement shall be decided without regard to events 
of drafting or preparation.
 
22.                               This Agreement may be executed by the 
Parties in separate counterparts (including by fax, jpeg, .gif, .bmp and 
.pdf), each of which when so executed shall be an original, but all such 
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
 
[Signature pages follow.]
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
If the terms of this Agreement are in accordance with your understanding, 
please sign below, whereupon this Agreement shall constitute a binding 
agreement among us.
 
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
NRG ENERGY, INC.
 
 
 
By:
/s/ David Hill
 
 
Name:
David Hill
 
 
Title:
Executive Vice President & General Counsel
 
[Signature Page to Cooperation Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
 
 Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above:
 
 
 
 
 ELLIOTT ASSOCIATES, L.P.
 
 
 
 
By:
Elliott Capital Advisors, L.P.,
 
 
its General Partner
 
 
 
 
By:
Braxton Associates, Inc.,
 
 
its General Partner
 
 
 
 
By:
 /s/ Elliot Greenberg
 
 
Name:
Elliot Greenberg
 
 
Title:
Vice President
 
 
 
 
 ELLIOTT INTERNATIONAL, L.P.
 
 
 
 
By:
Elliott International Capital Advisors Inc., as Attorney-in-Fact
 
 
 
 
By:
 /s/ Elliot Greenberg
 
 
Name:
 Elliot Greenberg
 
 
Title:
Vice President
 
 
 
 
 ELLIOTT INTERNATIONAL CAPITAL ADVISORS INC.
 
 
 
 
By:
 /s/ Elliot Greenberg
 
 
Name:
 Elliot Greenberg
 
 
Title:
Vice President
 
 
[Signature Page to Cooperation Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Schedule I
 
Alternate Appointees to the Committee
 
    1.              Lawrence S. Coben
 
    2.              Evan J. Silverstein
 
    3.              Anne C. Schaumburg
 
    4.              E. Spencer Abraham
 
    5.              Paul W. Hobby
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Schedule II
 
Existing Committees of the Board
 
    1.              Governance and Nominating Committee
 
    2.              Audit Committee
 
    3.              Finance and Risk Management Committee
 
    4.              Compensation Committee
 
    5.              Nuclear Oversight Committee
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A
 
Form of Company Press Release
 
(See attached.)
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
NRG Announces Cooperation Agreement with
Elliott Management and Bluescape Energy Partners
 
NRG Names Lawrence Coben as Chairman of the Board;
NRG Forms Business Review Committee; and
C. John Wilder and Barry T. Smitherman to Join NRG Board
 
PRINCETON, NJ  February 13, 2017  NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NRG) (NRG or 
the Company) today announced that it has entered into cooperation 
agreements with affiliates of each of Elliott Management Corporation (such 
affiliates, Elliott) and Bluescape Energy Partners LLC (such affiliates, 
Bluescape). Funds affiliated with Elliott have economic exposure to an 
aggregate of approximately 6.9% of the Companys common stock and funds 
affiliated with Bluescape beneficially own an aggregate of 2.5% of the 
Companys common stock.
 
Pursuant to the terms of the cooperation agreements, Howard Cosgrove and 
Edward R. Muller have announced their retirement from the NRG Board of 
Directors (the Board) and have stepped down from the Board after years of 
exemplary and dedicated service. Lawrence Coben, a director of the Company, 
was named Chairman of the Board as Cosgroves successor. C. John Wilder, 
Bluescape Energy Partners Executive Chairman, and Barry Smitherman, former 
Chair of the Public Utility Commission of Texas, have been appointed to the 
Board.
 
In addition, NRG has formed a five-person ad hoc committee of the Board  
the Business Review Committee (the Committee). The Committee will work 
closely with NRGs Board, Chief Executive Officer Mauricio Gutierrez and 
NRGs management team to comprehensively review and make specific 
recommendations to the Board in four key areas:
 
  1.                   Operational and cost excellence initiatives
  2.                   Potential portfolio and/or asset de-consolidations,
  dispositions and optimization
  3.                   Capital structure and allocation
  4.                   Broader strategic initiatives
 
The Committee will be chaired by Wilder and will have four other members: 
Smitherman, Gutierrez, Paul Hobby and Anne Schaumburg. Upon approval by the 
Board, the charter for the Committee shall authorize the retention of 
consultants and advisors. The Committee plans to expeditiously conduct its 
review and make any relevant recommendations to the Board. Subsequently, 
NRG expects to provide a comprehensive update to the market as promptly as 
practicable.
 
Over the past year, NRG has made strides in streamlining our business, 
reducing costs, strengthening our balance sheet, selling non-core assets 
and exiting unprofitable business lines. We remain committed to building on 
that progress and I look forward to the contributions of our new directors 
and the new committee as we take further steps to improve performance and 
build shareholder value, said Gutierrez. I personally want to express my 
deep appreciation to Howard and Ed for their dedicated service to the 
Company and its stakeholders.
 
John and Barry bring broad experience across all areas of our business and 
we look forward to benefiting from their expertise and participation in the 
boardroom. We welcome them to the NRG Board, said Coben. I also want to 
thank Howard and Ed for their stewardship through their time on the Board.
 
We have tremendous confidence in Mauricio and his management team, and I 
look forward to working together with his team and the Board on a 
comprehensive high-performance plan for the benefit of all NRG 
stakeholders, said Wilder. I believe the Committee is the ideal way to 
take a fresh approach and conduct a comprehensive, fact-based performance 
assessment. I pledge to my fellow shareholders that the Business Review 
Committee will leave no stone unturned in our review. I believe a focus on 
a relentless execution of this plan will have the long-term benefit of 
furthering NRG as the preeminent integrated power company.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
I want to thank Mauricio and his team for the collaborative, constructive 
approach they have taken in reaching todays agreement, said Jeff 
Rosenbaum, Portfolio Manager at Elliott. We are confident that the new 
additions to NRGs Board and the newly formed Business Review Committee, 
tasked with developing and overseeing the high-performance plan, will lead 
to tremendous value creation for all NRG stakeholders. As shareholders, we 
look forward to supporting the Board in its work to enable NRG to thrive in 
any market environment.
 
Pursuant to the cooperation agreements, Elliott and Bluescape have each 
agreed to customary standstill, voting, and other provisions. The full 
cooperation agreement between NRG and Elliott and the full cooperation 
agreement between NRG and Bluescape will be filed on a Form 8-K with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Goldman, Sachs and Co. are serving as 
financial advisors to the Company and Latham & Watkins is serving as legal 
counsel.
 
About Lawrence Coben
 
Larry Coben has been a director of NRG since December 2003. During his 
tenure, he has served as the Chair of several of the Boards committees. 
Over the last 13 years, he has acted as chairman and chief executive 
officer for various affiliates of Tremisis Energy Corporation LLC. He has 
served on the board of directors of SAESA (2008-2010), a Chilean utility, 
Prisma Energy (2003-2006), the post-bankruptcy filing successor company to 
Enron, as well as currently serving on the advisory board of Morgan Stanley 
Infrastructure II L.P. Dr. Coben was formerly Chief Executive Officer of 
the NYSE-traded Bolivian Power Company, a managing director of Liberty 
Power Corp and Liberty Power Latin America, and a Senior Vice President of 
Catalyst Energy. Dr. Coben is also Executive Director of the Sustainable 
Preservation Initiative and a Consulting Scholar at the University of 
Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology.
 
About C. John Wilder
 
C. John Wilder is the Executive Chairman and a member of Investment 
Committees of three investment vehicles: (i) Bluescape Resources Company; 
(ii) Parallel Resource Partners; (iii) and Bluescape Energy Partners. 
Wilder serves as chairman of the board and as a director on several 
portfolio companies. Wilder also serves as executive chairman and director 
of EXCO Resources (NYSE: XCO).
 
About Barry Smitherman
 
Barry T. Smitherman is currently an energy industry consultant and senior 
advisor, as well as an adjunct professor of Energy Law at The University of 
Texas School of Law. Smitherman is a former partner in an international law 
firm, a former chairman of two Texas energy-related state agencies and a 
former managing director of an investment bank. He is the only person to 
ever serve on both the Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUCT) and the 
Railroad Commission of Texas (RRC) and is a recognized authority on a 
number of energy topics, including those affecting wholesale power 
generation, retail electric providers, regulated electric and gas 
utilities, oil and gas operators, coal mining operators, and pipeline 
developers.
 
About NRG
 
NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the 
strength of the nations largest and most diverse competitive electric 
generation portfolio and leading retail electricity platform. A Fortune 200 
company, NRG creates value through best in class operations, reliable and 
efficient electric generation, and a retail platform serving residential 
and commercial businesses. Working with electricity customers, large and 
small, we continually innovate, embrace and implement sustainable solutions 
for producing and managing energy. We aim to be pioneers in developing 
smarter energy choices and delivering exceptional service as our retail 
electricity providers serve almost 3 million residential and commercial 
customers throughout the country.
 
About Elliott
 
Elliott Management Corporation manages two multi-strategy hedge funds which 
combined have approximately $31 billion of assets under management. Its 
flagship fund, Elliott Associates, L.P., was founded in 1977, making it one 
of the oldest hedge funds under continuous management. The Elliott funds 
investors include pension plans, sovereign wealth funds, endowments, 
foundations, funds-of-funds, high net worth individuals and families, and 
employees of the firm.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
About Bluescape
 
Bluescape, founded in 2007, is a private investment firm focused on 
value-oriented investments in the upstream oil and gas and power 
industries. Bluescape employs a unique approach and long-term perspective, 
helping position companies for growth and value creation by providing 
capital and strategic oversight with its multi-disciplined team of 
executive-level managers, operators, strategic consultants, and 
restructuring advisors.
 
###
 
Contacts:
 
 
 
Media:
Investors:
 
 
Marijke Shugrue
Kevin L. Cole, CFA
609.524.5262
609.524.4526
 
 
 
Lindsey Puchyr
 
609.524.4527
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------