 EX-10.6 5 a16-23919_1ex10d6.htm EX-10.6
Exhibit 10.6
 
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
Stefanie Cavanaugh
 
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement), by and between Apollo Endosurgery, 
Inc. (the Company) and Stefanie Cavanaugh (Executive) and, together 
with the Company, the Parties).
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Executive pursuant to the terms, 
provisions and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, Executive desires to be employed on the terms hereinafter set 
forth in this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, Executive shall commence employment and this Agreement shall be 
effective on or about March 2, 2015 (the Effective Date).
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants 
herein contained, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
 
1.                                      At-Will Employment.  Executive 
shall be employed by the Company on an at-will basis, meaning either the 
Company or Executive may terminate Executives employment at any time, with 
or without Cause or advanced notice.  Any contrary representations that may 
have been made to Executive shall be superseded by this Agreement.  This 
Agreement shall constitute the full and complete agreement between 
Executive and the Company on the at will nature of Executives 
Employment, which may only be changed in an express written agreement 
signed by Executive and a duly authorized officer of the Company.  
Executives rights to any compensation following a termination of 
employment shall be only as set forth in Section 9 below.
 
2.                                      Position and Duties.  Executive 
shall serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer.  Executive shall 
perform duties customary to such position, and as reasonably assigned to 
her, from time to time, by the Companys Chief Executive Officer (CEO), to 
whom Executive shall report.  Executive will perform her services in 
Austin, Texas.  Executive shall devote Executives full business time and 
attention to the performance of Executives duties hereunder and shall 
comply with all legal, ethical and professional standards and adhere to 
Apollos quality systems.  Executive shall not engage in any other 
business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which 
would conflict or interfere with the rendition of such services, either 
directly or indirectly; provided, that nothing herein shall preclude 
Executive from (i) with the prior written consent of the CEO, serving on 
the board of directors of other for-profit companies that do not compete 
with the Company, (ii) serving on civic or charitable boards or committees, 
and (iii) managing personal investments, so long as all such activities 
described in (i) through (iii) herein do not materially interfere with the 
performance of Executives duties and responsibilities under this 
Agreement.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
3.                                      Compensation, Policies and 
Benefits.
 
(a)                                 Base Salary.  Executives initial base 
salary for services rendered under this Agreement shall be earned at an 
annualized rate of $235,000 (or $9,791.67 on a semi-monthly basis) (the 
Base Salary), less standard payroll deductions and withholdings.  
Executive shall be paid in accordance with Company practice and policy. 
Executives Base Salary shall be reviewed and adjusted from time to time by 
the Board or a duly authorized committee.
 
(b)                                 Annual Bonus.  Subject to the 
achievement, as determined by the Board or a duly authorized committee 
thereof, of performance milestones agreed upon by Executive and the Company 
and based on such other criteria determined by the Board or a duly 
authorized committee thereof in its sole discretion and also based on 
Executives continued performance of services to the Company through the 
bonus payment date, Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual bonus in 
a target amount of thirty-five percent (35%) of Executives then-current 
Base Salary (Annual Bonus).  It will be in the Boards discretion to 
determine the actual amount of Executives earned bonus for any year. For 
calendar year 2015, Executives bonus eligibility shall be prorated based 
on the percentage of the year she is employed.  If Executive leaves the 
employ of the Company prior to payment of any Annual Bonus, except as set 
forth in Sections 9(a) and (d)(ii)(1), Executive will not be eligible for 
an Annual Bonus, pro-rated or otherwise. The Annual Bonus earned for any 
given year will be paid to Executive on the date on which annual bonuses 
are paid to all other senior executives of the Company, but in no event 
later than March 31 of the year following the year in which Executives 
right to the Annual Bonus is no longer subject to a substantial risk of 
forfeiture, so as to comply with Treasury Regulation Section 
1.409A-1(b)(4).
 
(c)                                  Stock Option Grants.
 
(i)                                    Time-Based Vesting Option.  Subject 
to approval of the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof, Executive 
will be issued an option (the Time-Based Vesting Option) to purchase 
650,000 shares of the Companys common stock pursuant and subject to the 
Companys 2006 Stock Option Plan (Plan) and the Companys standard form 
of Stock Option Agreement between Executive and the Company. Subject to the 
approval of the Board or a designated committee thereof, the Option will 
vest and become exercisable according to the following schedule: 25% of the 
shares will vest as of one year from Executives initial date of 
employment, and the remaining 75% of the shares will vest thereafter in 
equal monthly installments over thirty-six (36) months, based on continued 
employment. The Time-Based Vesting Option will be an incentive stock option 
to the extent permissible under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code 
and will have an exercise price per share based upon the fair market value 
of the Companys common stock on the date of grant.
 
(ii)                                Acceleration.  In the event of a Change 
in Control (as defined in the Plan), fifty percent (50%) of the then 
unvested shares subject to the Options (and any other options subsequently 
granted to Executive) shall become vested and exercisable as of the date 
immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
4.                                      Company Policies and Benefits.  
The employment relationship between the parties shall also be subject to 
the Companys personnel policies and procedures as they may be interpreted, 
adopted, revised or deleted from time to time in the Companys sole 
discretion.  Executive shall be eligible to participate in the employee 
benefit plans of the Company on a basis no less favorable than such 
benefits are provided by the Company from time to time to the Companys 
other senior executives.  All matters of eligibility for coverage or 
benefits under any benefit plan shall be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of such plan or program.  The Company reserves the right to 
change, alter, or terminate any benefit plan in its sole discretion. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the terms of this 
Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Companys general 
employment policies or practices, this Agreement shall control.
 
5.                                      Vacation, Sick Leave and Holidays.  
Executive shall be eligible to accrue paid vacation and sick days during 
each year in accordance with the Companys vacation and sick leave policies 
and the restrictions on carry-over, payout and use contained therein.  
Executive shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by the Company 
to its senior executives, administered in accordance with the Companys 
holiday policies.
 
6.                                      Expense Reimbursement.  Executive 
shall be eligible to receive prompt reimbursement for all travel and 
business expenses reasonably incurred and accounted for by Executive (in 
accordance with the policies and procedures established from time to time 
by the Company) in performing services hereunder. For the avoidance of 
doubt, to the extent that any reimbursements (including any taxable 
benefits reimbursements) are subject to the provisions of Section 409A of 
the Code: (a) to be eligible to obtain reimbursement for such expenses 
Executive must submit expense reports within 45 days after the expense is 
incurred, (b) any such reimbursements will be paid no later than December 
31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, (c) 
the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year will not affect the amount 
eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and (d) the right to 
reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or 
exchange for another benefit.
 
7.                                      Indemnification; D&O Coverage.  
The Company, and its successors and/or assigns, will indemnify and defend 
Executive to the fullest extent permitted by the By-Laws and Certificate of 
Incorporation of the Company with respect to any claims that may be brought 
against Executive arising out of any action taken or not taken in 
Executives capacity as an officer or director or employee of any member of 
the Company.  In addition, Executive shall be covered as an insured in 
respect of Executives activities as an officer of the Company by the 
Companys Directors and Officers liability policy or other comparable 
policies obtained by the Companys successors, to the fullest extent 
permitted by such policies.  The Companys indemnification obligations 
hereunder shall remain in effect following Executives termination of 
employment with the Company.
 
8.                                      Termination of Employment.  The 
parties acknowledge that as set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement, 
Executives employment relationship with the Company is at-will.  Either 
Executive or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any 
time, with or without Cause.  The provisions in this Section govern the 
amount of compensation, if any, to be provided to Executive upon 
termination of employment and do not alter this at-will status.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(a)                                 Death.    Upon any employment 
termination as a result of Executives death, Executives estate shall be 
entitled to receive his Base Salary through the date of termination, 
together with any compensation and benefits payable to Executive based on 
his participation in any compensation or benefit plan, program or 
arrangement through the date of termination (together, the Accrued Amounts
).  Executives estate shall also be entitled to receive the Annual Bonus, 
if any, earned in connection with completion of the fiscal year prior to 
Executives Death that would have been payable to Executive under Section 
3(b) had Executive remained an employee of the Company through the Annual 
Bonus payment date for that fiscal year. The Accrued Amounts shall be 
timely paid following the date of termination in accordance with applicable 
laws.  All other benefits, if any, due to Executives estate following 
Executives termination due to death shall be determined in accordance with 
the plans, policies and practices of the Company; provided, that 
Executives estate shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits under 
any severance plan, policy or program of the Company.  Executives estate 
shall not accrue any additional compensation (including any Base Salary or 
Annual Bonus) or other benefits under this Agreement following termination 
of employment due to Executives death.
 
(b)                                 Disability.  The Company may terminate 
Executives employment for Disability.  Disability shall mean Executives 
inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to perform  the essential 
functions of her position for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days or 
one hundred twenty (120) days during any consecutive six (6) month period, 
or based on the written certification by two licensed physicians of the 
likely continuation of such condition for such period.  This definition 
shall be interpreted and applied consistent with the Americans with 
Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and other applicable 
law.  In conjunction with determining Disability for purposes of this 
Agreement, Executive hereby (i) consents to any such examinations which are 
relevant to a determination of whether Executive is mentally and/or 
physically disabled, and (ii) agrees to furnish such medical information as 
may be reasonably requested.  Upon any such termination, Executive shall be 
entitled to receive payment of the Accrued Amounts.  All other benefits, if 
any, due to Executive following Executives termination by the Company for 
Disability shall be determined in accordance with the plans, policies and 
practices of the Company; provided, that Executive shall not be entitled to 
any payments or benefits under any severance plan, policy or program of the 
Company.  Executive shall not accrue any additional compensation (including 
any Base Salary or Annual Bonus) or other benefits under this Agreement 
following such termination of employment.
 
(c)                                  Termination for Cause; Termination by 
Executive without Good Reason.  At any time, (i) the Company may terminate 
Executives employment for Cause (as defined below) by Notice of 
Termination (as defined in Section 8(e)) or (ii) Executive may elect to 
terminate Executives employment other than for Good Reason (as defined 
below); provided, that Executive shall be required to give, at least thirty 
(30) days in advance, a Notice of Termination.  Cause for Executives 
termination will exist at any time after the happening of one or more of 
the following events, in each determined in good faith by the Board in its 
sole discretion: (i) Executives gross negligence or willful misconduct in 
performance of his duties hereunder where such gross negligence or willful 
misconduct has resulted in or is likely to result in substantial and 
material damage to the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (ii) Executives 
repeated and unjustified absence from the Company; (iii) Executives 
material and willful violation of any federal or state law; (iv)  the 
commission of any act of fraud by Executive with respect to the Company; 
(v) Executives conviction of a felony or a crime involving moral
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
turpitude causing material harm to the standing and reputation of the 
Company; or (vi) Executives incurable material breach of any element of 
the Companys Invention, Confidential Information and Non-Competition 
Agreement, including without limitation, Executives theft or other 
misappropriation of the Companys proprietary information.   Upon the 
termination of Executives employment pursuant to this Section 8(c), 
Executive shall be entitled to receive payment of the Accrued Amounts.  All 
other benefits, if any, due to Executive following Executives termination 
of employment pursuant to this Section 8(c) shall be determined in 
accordance with the plans, policies and practices of the Company; provided
, that Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits under 
any severance plan, policy or program of the Company.  Executive shall not 
accrue any additional compensation (including any Base Salary or Annual 
Bonus) or other benefits under this Agreement following such termination of 
employment.
 
(d)                                 Termination for Good Reason or Without 
Cause.
 
(i)                                    Executive may terminate Executives 
employment for Good Reason (as defined below), provided the Company has not 
previously notified her of its intent to terminate his employment for Cause 
and the Company may terminate Executives employment without Cause (that 
is, other than by death, Disability or for Cause, in accordance with 
Section 8(a), 8(b) or 8(c), respectively).  Good Reason shall mean the 
occurrence, without Executives prior written consent, of either of the 
following events:  (a) a material reduction in the nature or scope of 
Executives responsibilities, duties and/or authority; provided, that a 
change in job position (including a change in title) shall not be deemed a 
material reduction in and of itself unless Executives responsibilities, 
duties and/or or authority are materially reduced; or (b) a material 
reduction in Executives then-current Base Salary, which the Company and 
Executive agree is at least 10% of Executives then-current Base Salary; 
provided, that a reduction in Base Salary shall not be Good Reason to the 
extent that the salary reduction is made as part of a broader salary 
reduction program of the Company affecting a majority of similarly situated 
employees; provided, that any such event described in (a) or (b) above 
shall not constitute Good Reason unless Executive delivers to the Company a 
Notice of Termination for Good Reason within ninety (90) days after the 
initial existence of the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason, within 
thirty (30) days following the receipt of such Notice of Termination for 
Good Reason the Company has failed to reasonably cure the circumstances 
giving rise to Good Reason, and Executive terminates his employment within 
thirty (30) days following the end of the cure period, or (c) a material 
change in the location at which Executive must perform her services; 
provided that in no event will the relocation of Executive to a facility or 
location of fifty (50) miles or less from Executives then current office 
location be deemed material for purposes of this Agreement and (d) a 
material breach of this Agreement by Company.
 
(ii)                                Upon the termination of Executives 
employment hereunder pursuant to this Section 8(d), and provided such 
termination constitutes a separation from service (as defined under 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative 
definitions thereunder, a Separation from Service), Executive shall 
receive the Accrued Amounts, and, subject to Executives (a) returning all 
Company property; (b) complying with his post-termination obligations under 
this Agreement and the Non-Competition Agreement; (c) execution, delivery 
and non-revocation of an agreement that includes an effective release of 
all claims against the Company (the Release) within the sixty (60) day 
period
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
following the date of Executives Separation from Service, and (d) 
complying with the Release including without limitation any 
non-disparagement and confidentiality provisions contained therein, 
Executive shall receive the following severance benefits (the Severance 
Benefits):
 
(1)                                 an amount equal to 6 months of 
Executives then-current Base Salary, ignoring any decrease in Base Salary 
that forms the basis for Good Reason, paid in equal installments on the 
Companys normal payroll schedule over the 6 month period immediately 
following the date of Separation from Service, except as set forth below 
(the Salary Continuation), plus an amount equal to the Annual Bonus, if 
any, earned in connection with completion of the fiscal year prior to 
Executives Separation from Service that would have been payable to 
Executive under Section 3(b) had Executive remained an employee of the 
Company through the Annual Bonus payment date for that fiscal year;
 
(2)                                 if such Separation from Service occurs  
in connection with or within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control, 
one hundred percent (100%) of the shares subject to the Options (and any 
other options subsequently granted to Executive) shall become vested and 
exercisable as of the date of Executives Separation from Service.
 
(iii)                            All of the Severance Benefits are subject 
to deductions for applicable tax withholdings.  No Severance Benefits will 
be paid prior to the day that is sixty (60) days following the date of 
Separation from Service. On the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of 
Separation from Service, the Company shall pay in a lump sum the aggregate 
amount of the Salary Continuation that the Company would have paid 
Executive through such date had the payments commenced on the Separation 
from Service through such sixtieth (60th) day, with the balance paid 
thereafter on the applicable schedules described above.
 
(iv)                             All other benefits, if any, due Executive 
following a termination pursuant to this Section 8(d) shall be determined 
in accordance with the plans, policies and practices of the Company; 
provided, that Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits 
under any severance plan, policy or program of the Company.  Payments under 
this Agreement are intended to fulfill any statutory obligation to provide 
notice or pay in lieu of notice.  Executive shall not accrue any additional 
compensation (including any Base Salary or Annual Bonus) or other benefits 
under this Agreement following such termination of employment.
 
(e)                                  Notice of Termination.  Any 
termination of Executives employment by the Company or by Executive shall 
be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other Party in 
accordance with the Notice requirements set forth in Section 11(e) of this 
Agreement.  For purposes of this Agreement, Notice of Termination shall 
mean a notice that shall indicate the specific termination provision in 
this Agreement relied upon and shall, to the extent applicable, set forth 
in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis 
for termination of Executives employment under the provision so indicated.
 
(f)                                   Taxes.  Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if payments made or benefits 
provided pursuant to this Section 9 or otherwise from the Company or any 
person or entity are considered parachute payments under Section 280G of 
the Code, then such parachute payments shall be limited to the greatest 
amount that may be paid
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
to Executive under Section 280G of the Code without causing any loss of 
deduction to the Company under such section, but only if, by reason of such 
reduction, the net after tax benefit to Executive shall exceed the net 
after tax benefit if such reduction were not made.  Net after tax benefit
 for purposes of this Agreement shall mean the sum of (i) the total 
amounts payable to Executive under Section 8, plus (ii) all other payments 
and benefits which Executive receives or then is entitled to receive from 
the Company or otherwise  that would constitute a parachute payment 
within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, less (iii) the amount of 
federal and state income taxes payable with respect to the foregoing 
calculated at the maximum marginal income tax rate for each year in which 
the foregoing shall be paid to Executive (based upon the rate in effect for 
such year as set forth in the Code at the time of termination of 
Executives employment), less (iv) the amount of excise taxes imposed with 
respect to the payments and benefits described in (i) and (ii) above by 
Section 4999 of the Code.  The determination as to whether and to what 
extent payments are required to be reduced in accordance with this Section 
8(f) shall be made at the Companys expense by a nationally recognized 
certified public accounting firm as may be designated by the Company prior 
to a change in control (the Accounting Firm) and the Company and 
Executive shall take all actions reasonably available to them in accordance 
with the law to minimize the amount of excise taxes imposed with respect to 
Section 4999 of the Code.  In the event of any mistaken underpayment or 
overpayment under this Agreement, as determined by the Accounting Firm, the 
amount of such underpayment or overpayment shall forthwith be paid to 
Executive or refunded to the Company, as the case may be, with interest at 
one hundred twenty (120%) of the applicable Federal rate provided for in 
Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code.  Any reduction in payments required by this 
Section 8(f) shall occur in the following order:  (1) any cash severance, 
(2) any other cash amount payable to Executive, (3) any benefit valued as a 
parachute payment, (4) the acceleration of vesting of any equity awards 
that are options, and (5) the acceleration of vesting of any other equity 
awards.  Within any such category of payments and benefits, a reduction 
shall occur first with respect to amounts that are not deferred 
compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and then with respect to 
amounts that are.  In the event that acceleration of compensation from 
equity awards is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be 
canceled, subject to the immediately preceding sentence, in the reverse 
order of the date of grant.
 
9.                                      Invention, Confidential Information 
and Non-Competition Obligations; Non-Disparagement.
 
(a)                                 Invention, Confidential Information and 
Non-Competition Agreement. The parties hereto have entered into an 
Invention, Confidential Information and Non-Competition Agreement (the 
Non-Competition Agreement), which may be amended by the parties from time 
to time without regard to this Agreement.  The Proprietary Information 
Agreement contains provisions that are intended by the parties to survive 
and do survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.
 
(b)                                 Non-Disparagement. Executive agrees not 
to disparage the Company, any member thereof, and any of their officers, 
attorneys, directors, managers, partners, employees, agents and affiliates, 
in any manner likely to be harmful to them or their business, business 
reputation or personal reputation; provided that Executive will respond 
accurately and fully to any question, inquiry or request for information 
when required by legal process.  Company agrees not to disparage the 
Executive in any manner likely to be harmful to her or her
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
business reputation or personal reputation; provided that Company will 
respond accurately and fully to any question, inquiry or request for 
information when required by legal process.
 
10.                               Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                 Executives Representations.  
Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that (i) Executive 
has read this Agreement in its entirety, fully understands the terms of 
this Agreement, has had the opportunity to consult with counsel prior to 
executing this Agreement, and is signing the Agreement voluntarily and with 
full knowledge of its significance, (ii) the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement by Executive does not and shall not conflict 
with, breach, violate or cause a default under any contract, agreement, 
instrument, order, judgment or decree to which Executive is a party or by 
which she is bound, (iii) Executive is not a party to or bound by an 
employment agreement, non-compete agreement or confidentiality agreement 
with any other person or entity which would interfere in any material 
respect with the performance of his duties hereunder, and (iv) Executive 
shall not use any confidential information or trade secrets of any person 
or party other than the Company in connection with the performance of his 
duties hereunder.
 
(b)                                 Waiver.  No provision of this Agreement 
may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or 
discharge is agreed to in a writing signed by Executive and an officer of 
the Company (other than Executive) duly authorized by the Board to execute 
such amendment, waiver or discharge.  No waiver by either Party of any 
breach of the other Party of, or compliance with, any condition or 
provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or 
dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or 
subsequent time.
 
(c)                                  Successors and Assigns.
 
(i)                                    This Agreement is personal to 
Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be 
assignable by Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be 
enforceable by Executives legal representatives.
 
(ii)                                This Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and, other 
than as set forth in Section 10(c)(iii), shall not be assignable by the 
Company without the prior written consent of Executive (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld).
 
(iii)                            The Agreement shall be assignable by the 
Company to any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, 
consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business 
and/or assets of the Company; provided that, the Company shall require such 
successor to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the 
same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to 
perform it if no such succession had taken place.  As used in this 
Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any 
successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and 
agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d)                                 Notice.  For the purpose of this 
Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given 
if delivered personally, if delivered by overnight courier service, or if 
mailed by registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, 
addressed to the respective addresses or sent via facsimile or email to the 
respective facsimile numbers and email addresses, as the case may be, as 
set forth below, or to such other address as either party may have 
furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that 
notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt; provided
, however, that (i) notices sent by personal delivery, email or overnight 
courier shall be deemed given when delivered, (ii) notices sent by 
facsimile transmission shall be deemed given upon the senders receipt of 
confirmation of complete transmission, and (iii) notices sent by registered 
mail shall be deemed given two days after the date of deposit in the mail.
 
            If to Executive, to such address (including Company email
            address) as shall most currently appear on the records of the
            Company.
 
            If to the Company, to its primary business location
            Attention:  Board of Directors
 
(e)                                  Governing Law; Consent to 
Jurisdiction.  THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO 
ANY CHOICE OF LAW OR CONFLICTING PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE STATE OF 
TEXAS OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD CAUSE THE LAWS OF ANY 
JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF TEXAS TO BE APPLIED.  IN FURTHERANCE 
OF THE FOREGOING, THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF TEXAS WILL CONTROL THE 
INTERPRETATION AND CONSTRUCTION OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF UNDER SUCH 
JURISDICTIONS CHOICE OF LAW OR CONFLICT OF LAW ANALYSIS, THE SUBSTANTIVE 
LAW OF SOME OTHER JURISDICTION WOULD ORDINARILY APPLY.  ANY ACTION TO 
ENFORCE THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE BROUGHT IN, AND THE PARTIES HEREBY CONSENT 
TO THE JURISDICTION OF, A COURT SITUATED IN STATE OF TEXAS.  EACH PARTY 
HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHTS TO CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT 
FORUM FOR THE RESOLUTION OF ANY SUCH ACTION.
 
(f)                                   Resolution of Disputes.  The parties 
recognize that litigation in federal or state courts or before federal or 
state administrative agencies of disputes arising out of  Executives 
employment with the Company or out of this Agreement, or Executives 
termination of employment or termination of this Agreement, may not be in 
the best interests of either the Executive or the Company, and may result 
in unnecessary costs, delays, complexities, and uncertainty.  The parties 
agree that any dispute between the parties arising out of or relating to 
the negotiation, execution, performance or termination of this Agreement or 
Executives employment, including, but not limited to, any claim arising 
out of this Agreement, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in 
Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 
Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1966, as amended, the Family 
Medical Leave Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and any 
similar federal, state or local law, statute,
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
regulation, or any common law doctrine, whether that dispute arises during 
or after employment, shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance 
with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the 
American Arbitration Association; provided however, that this dispute 
resolution provision shall not apply to any separate agreements between the 
parties that do not themselves specify arbitration as an exclusive remedy. 
The location for the arbitration shall be the Austin, Texas metropolitan 
area.  Any award made by such panel shall be final, binding and conclusive 
on the parties for all purposes, and judgment upon the award rendered by 
the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 
The arbitrators fees and expenses and all administrative fees and expenses 
associated with the filing of the arbitration shall be borne by the 
Company; provided however, that at Executives option, Executive may 
voluntarily pay up to one-half the costs and fees. The parties acknowledge 
and agree that their obligations to arbitrate under this Section survive 
the termination of this Agreement and continue after the termination of the 
employment relationship between Executive and the Company. The parties each 
further agree that the arbitration provisions of this Agreement shall 
provide each party with its exclusive remedy, and each party expressly 
waives any right it might have to seek redress in any other forum, except 
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement.  By election arbitration 
as the means for final settlement of all claims, the parties hereby waive 
their respective rights to, and agree not to, sue each other in any action 
in a Federal, State or local court with respect to such claims, but may 
seek to enforce in court an arbitration award rendered pursuant to this 
Agreement.  The parties specifically agree to waive their respective rights 
to a trial by jury, and further agree that no demand, request or motion 
will be made for trial by jury.
 
(g)                                 Set Off.  The Companys obligation to 
pay Executive the amounts and to make the arrangements provided hereunder 
shall be subject to set-off, counterclaim or recoupment of any amounts owed 
by Executive to the Company or any of its affiliates except to the extent 
any such set-off, counterclaim or recoupment would violate, or result in 
the imposition of tax under Section 409A of the Code, in which case such 
right shall be null and void.
 
(h)                                 Compliance with Code Section 409A.  It 
is intended that all of the payments payable under this Agreement satisfy, 
to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of 
Section 409A of the Code provided under Treasury Regulation Sections 
1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(5) and 1.409A-1(b)(9), and this Agreement will 
be construed to the greatest extent possible as consistent with those 
provisions.  For purposes of Section 409A of the Code (including, without 
limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 
1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), Executives right to receive any installment payments 
under this Agreement (whether Severance Benefits, expense reimbursements or 
otherwise) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate 
payments and, accordingly, each installment payment under this Agreement 
shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment.  
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if 
Executive is deemed by the Company at the time of his Separation from 
Service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 
409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, and if any of the payments, including the 
Severance Benefits, upon Separation From Service set forth herein and/or 
under any other agreement with the Company are deemed to be deferred 
compensation (including as a result of the terms of Offer Letter), then to 
the extent delayed commencement of any portion of such payments is required 
to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the 
Code and the related adverse taxation under Section 409A of the Code, such 
payments shall not be provided to
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Executive prior to the earliest of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month 
period measured from the date of Executives Separation From Service with 
the Company, (ii) the date of Executives death or (iii) such earlier date 
as permitted under Section 409A of the Code without the imposition of 
adverse taxation.  Upon the first business day following the expiration of 
such applicable Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) period, all payments deferred 
pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid in a lump sum to Executive, and 
any remaining payments due shall be paid as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement or in the applicable agreement.  No interest shall be due on any 
amounts so deferred.
 
(i)                                    Severability of Invalid or 
Unenforceable Provisions.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any 
provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or 
enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain 
in full force and effect.
 
(j)                                    Advice of Counsel and Construction.  
Each Party acknowledges that such Party had the opportunity to be 
represented by counsel in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement.  
Accordingly, the rule of construction of contract language against the 
drafting party is hereby waived by each Party.
 
(k)                                 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement sets 
forth the entire agreement of the Parties in respect of the subject matter 
contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, 
arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral 
or written in respect of the subject matter contained herein.
 
(l)                                    Withholding Taxes.  The Company 
shall be entitled to withhold from any payment due to Executive hereunder 
any amounts required to be withheld by applicable tax laws or regulations.
 
(m)                             Section Headings.  The headings of the 
Sections hereof are provided for convenience only and are not to serve as a 
basis for interpretation or construction, and shall not constitute a part, 
of this Agreement.
 
(n)                                 Cooperation.  During the period of 
Executives employment and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees to 
cooperate (i) with the Company in the defense of any legal matter involving 
any matter that arose during Executives employment with the Company, and 
(ii) with all government authorities on matters pertaining to any 
investigation, litigation or administrative proceeding pertaining to the 
Company.  Following termination of Executives employment for any reason, 
Executive shall fully cooperate with the Company in all matters relating to 
the winding up of Executives pending work and the orderly transfer of any 
such pending work to such other employees as may be designated by the 
Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for any reasonable travel and 
out of pocket expenses incurred by Executive in providing such cooperation. 
 The Company shall further reimburse Executive for any reasonable legal 
fees and costs incurred in complying with this provision.
 
(o)                                 Survival.  Sections 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 
shall survive and continue in full force in accordance with their terms 
notwithstanding any termination of Executives employment with the Company.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(p)                                 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be 
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be 
an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same 
instrument.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date first above written.
 
 
APOLLO ENDOSURGERY, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Todd Newton
 
 
Todd Newton
 
 
Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
 
EXECUTIVE
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Stefanie Cavanaugh
 
Stefanie Cavanaugh
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------