 EX-10.1 5 d253212dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

by and among

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC.,

PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.,

HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC., and

HILTON DOMESTIC OPERATING COMPANY INC.

Dated as of                         , 2016

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table of Contents
 
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
 1.
   	
 DEFINITIONS
   	  	2 	  
 2.
   	
 EMPLOYEES
   	  	4 	  
 3.
   	
 BENEFIT PROGRAM PARTICIPATION
   	  	6 	  
 4.
   	
 DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLANS
   	  	7 	  
 5.
   	
 DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PENSION PLANS
   	  	10 	  
 6.
   	
 NON-QUALIFIED RETIREMENT/DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS
   	  	14 	  
 7.
   	
 EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND WELFARE BENEFIT PLANS
   	  	16 	  
 8.
   	
 SEVERANCE PLANS
   	  	22 	  
 9.
   	
 PAID TIME OFF
   	  	23 	  
 10.
   	
 PERQUISITES
   	  	24 	  
 11.
   	
 CASH BONUS PLANS
   	  	25 	  
 12.
   	
 EQUITY-BASED AWARDS
   	  	26 	  
 13.
   	
 COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS
   	  	28 	  
 14.
   	
 TRANSITION SERVICES
   	  	29 	  
 15.
   	
 ACCESS TO INFORMATION AND DATA EXCHANGE
   	  	29 	  
 16.
   	
 NOTICES; COOPERATION
   	  	31 	  
 17.
   	
 FURTHER ASSURANCES
   	  	31 	  
 18.
   	
 INDEMNIFICATION
   	  	31 	  
 19.
   	
 DISPUTE RESOLUTION
   	  	33 	  
 20.
   	
 PAYROLL REPORTING AND TAX WITHHOLDING
   	  	33 	  
 21.
   	
 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	34 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
This EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of             
            , 2016, is by and among Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (HLT), Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (PK), Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a Delaware corporation (
HGV) and, solely for purposes of Section 18, Hilton Domestic Operating 
Company Inc., a Delaware corporation and subsidiary of HLT (OpCo). Each 
of HLT, PK, HGV and, solely for purposes of Section 18, OpCo, is sometimes 
referred to herein as a Party and collectively, as the Parties. 
Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning set 
forth in the Distribution Agreement (as defined below) or in Section 1 
below.

WHEREAS, HLT, acting through its direct and indirect Subsidiaries, 
currently conducts a number of businesses, including (i) the HLT Retained 
Business, (ii) the Ownership Business and (iii) the Timeshare Business;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of HLT (the Board) has determined that it 
is appropriate, desirable and in the best interests of HLT and its 
stockholders to separate HLT into three separate, publicly traded 
companies, one for each of (i) the HLT Retained Business, which shall be 
owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by HLT, (ii) the Ownership 
Business, which shall be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by PK 
(which shall elect to be a REIT), and (iii) the Timeshare Business, which 
shall be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by HGV;

WHEREAS, in order to effect such separation, the Board has determined that 
it is appropriate, desirable and in the best interests of HLT and its 
stockholders (i) to enter into a series of transactions after giving effect 
to which (A) HLT and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall, 
collectively, own all of the HLT Retained Assets and Assume all of the HLT 
Retained Liabilities, (B) PK and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall, 
collectively, own all of the Ownership Assets and Assume all of the 
Ownership Liabilities, and (C) HGV and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries 
shall, collectively, own all of the Timeshare Assets and Assume all of the 
Timeshare Liabilities (such transactions as described in Annex I to the 
Distribution Agreement and, as they may be amended or modified from time to 
time, collectively, the Plan of Reorganization) and (ii) for HLT to 
distribute to the holders of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share (
HLT Common Stock), on a pro rata basis (in each case without consideration 
being paid by such stockholders), (A) all of the outstanding shares of 
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of PK (the PK Common Stock) and 
(B) all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per 
share, of HGV (the HGV Common Stock);

WHEREAS, each of the Parties has executed the distribution agreement, dated 
as of the date hereof (as it may be amended or modified from time to time, 
the Distribution Agreement) to effectuate such Plan of Reorganization; 
and

WHEREAS, each of the Parties has determined that it is necessary and 
desirable to allocate and assign responsibility for certain employee, 
compensation and benefits-related Assets and Liabilities in respect of the 
activities of the business of such entities on the Distribution Date.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants 
contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings:

(a) Cut-Off Date shall mean the day immediately preceding the 
Distribution Date.

(b) Employee shall mean, with respect to any entity, an individual who is 
considered, according to the payroll and other records of such entity, to 
be employed by such entity and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not 
include a leased employee (as defined in Section 414(n) of the Code), an 
independent contractor, or other individual performing services with 
respect to any entity who is not on the payroll of such entity.

(c) ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended. Reference to a specific provision of ERISA also includes any 
proposed, temporary or final regulation or other published IRS guidance in 
force under that provision.

(d) Former Employees shall mean, collectively, any Former HGV Employees, 
any Former Hilton Employees and any Former PK Employees.

(e) Former HGV Employee shall mean each Employee of Hilton who provided 
services primarily related to the Timeshare Business and whose employment 
terminated for any reason prior to the Distribution Date.

(f) Former Hilton Employee shall mean each Employee of Hilton who 
provided services primarily related to the HLT Retained Business whose 
employment terminated for any reason prior to the Distribution Date.

(g) Former PK Employee shall mean each Employee of Hilton who provided 
services primarily related to the Ownership Business and whose employment 
terminated for any reason prior to the Distribution Date.

(h) HGV Board shall mean the board of directors of HGV.

(i) HGV Plan shall mean each Plan sponsored or maintained by any member 
of the HGV Group immediately on and after the Plan Effective Time.

(j) HGV Compensation Committee shall mean the compensation committee of 
the HGV Board.

(k) Hilton shall mean HLT or one of its Subsidiaries immediately prior to 
the Plan Effective Time.

(l) Hilton Controlled Group shall mean, as of any date of determination 
prior to the Distribution Date, any trade or business (whether or not 
incorporated) which is considered a member of a controlled group of 
organizations within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) of the 
Code that includes HLT or is considered a single employer under common 
control with HLT under Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(m) Hilton Plan shall mean each Plan sponsored or maintained by HLT or 
one of its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Plan Effective Time.

(n) HLT Compensation Committee shall mean the compensation committee of 
the Board.

(o) HLT Plan shall mean each Plan sponsored or maintained by any member 
of the HLT Group immediately on and after the Plan Effective Time.

(p) Liabilities shall have the same meaning as ascribed to such term in 
the Distribution Agreement, provided, however that for purposes of this 
Agreement, Taxes shall be treated as Liabilities.

(q) PK Board shall mean the board of directors of PK.

(r) PK Compensation Committee shall mean the compensation committee of 
the PK Board.

(s) PK Plan shall mean each Plan sponsored or maintained by any member of 
the PK Group immediately on and after the Plan Effective Time.

(t) Plan shall mean each plan, policy, program, practice, agreement, or 
arrangement providing compensation or benefits for any group of Employees 
or individual Employee, or the dependents or beneficiaries of any such 
Employee(s), including without limitation, each employee benefit plan 
(within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA), whether formal or informal 
or written or unwritten, and including, any means, whether or not legally 
required, pursuant to which any benefit is provided by an employer to any 
Employee or the beneficiaries of any such Employee. The term Plan as used 
in this Agreement does not include any contract, agreement or understanding 
relating to the settlement of actual or potential employment Action.

(u) Plan Effective Time shall mean 12:01 a.m. on the Distribution Date.

(v) Pre-Existing Hilton Employee shall mean each Employee employed by 
Hilton prior to the Distribution Date (other than a Former Employee) 
including each Employee who is absent from work with the HLT Group on the 
Cut-Off Date by reason of layoff, leave of absence or disability.

(w) Terminated Hilton DB Plans shall mean, collectively, the Terminated 
Hilton UK DB Plans and the Terminated Hilton US DB Plans.

(x) Terminated Hilton UK DB Plan shall mean each defined benefit pension 
Plan which was sponsored or maintained by HLT or one of its Subsidiaries 
prior to the Plan Effective Time and that was made available to certain 
Pre-Existing Hilton Employees and Former Employees in the United Kingdom, 
but which, as of the Plan Effective Time, is not a Hilton Plan due to such 
Plans termination prior to such date.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(y) Terminated Hilton US DB Plan shall mean each tax-qualified defined 
benefit pension Plan which was sponsored or maintained by HLT or one of its 
Subsidiaries prior to the Plan Effective Time and that was made available 
to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees and Former Employees in the United 
States, but which, as of the Plan Effective Time, is not a Hilton Plan due 
to such Plans termination prior to such date.

(z) Terminated Japanese DB Plans shall mean each defined benefit pension 
Plan which was sponsored or maintained by Vacations prior to the Plan 
Effective Time and that was made available to certain HGV Employees and 
Former HGV Employees in Japan, but which, as of the Plan Effective Time, is 
not a Japanese DB Plan due to such Plans termination prior to such date.

(aa) Vacations shall mean HGV or one of its Subsidiaries immediately 
prior to the Plan Effective Time.

2. EMPLOYEES. (a) Allocation of Employees. The Parties shall take all steps 
necessary or appropriate so that all of the Employees of HLT and its 
Subsidiaries as of the Cut-Off Date are allocated among the HLT Retained 
Business, the Ownership Business and the Timeshare Business as of the 
Distribution Date in accordance with the principles set forth in this 
Section 2(a). In making such allocation of Employees of HLT and its 
Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 2(a)(i) and (ii), the Parties shall share 
such information regarding the allocation of Employees as is reasonably 
requested. An Employee, other than a PK Employee (as defined below) or an 
HGV Employee (as defined below), who is (1) allocated to the HLT Retained 
Business and (2) employed by a member of the HLT Group as of the 
Distribution Date is a HLT Employee. An Employee who is (1) allocated to 
the Ownership Business and (2) employed by a member of the PK Group as of 
the Distribution Date is a PK Employee. An Employee who is (1) allocated 
to the Timeshare Business and (2) employed by a member of the HGV Group as 
of the Distribution Date is an HGV Employee. All Employees of HLT and its 
Subsidiaries as of the Cut-Off Date shall be allocated as an HLT Employee, 
a PK Employee or an HGV Employee on the Distribution Date. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided for herein or in the Distribution Agreement, a 
member of the HLT Group shall be liable for all Liabilities involving HLT 
Employees and Former Hilton Employees, a member of the PK Group shall be 
liable for all Liabilities involving PK Employees and Former PK Employees 
and a member of the HGV Group shall be liable for all Liabilities involving 
HGV Employees and Former HGV Employees. Notwithstanding anything in Section 
2(a) to the contrary, if the Parties determine after the Distribution Date 
that an Employee was incorrectly allocated to the Ownership Business, the 
Timeshare Business or the HLT Retained Business (or was incorrectly 
employed by a member of the PK Group, the HGV Group or the HLT Group as of 
the Distribution Date), the Parties shall correct such matter as 
appropriate and such correction shall be effective as of the Distribution 
Date.

(i) In making the allocation provided for in this Section 2(a), and subject 
to clause (ii) below, the Parties shall allocate each Employee whose 
employment duties prior to the Distribution Date relate exclusively to the 
Ownership Business to a member of the PK Group and the Timeshare Business 
to a member of the HGV Group. The Parties shall allocate all other 
Employees in a mutually agreeable manner that, to the extent possible, 
takes into account the Employees expertise, experience and existing 
positions and duties and does not
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
unreasonably disrupt the HLT Retained Business, the Ownership Business or 
the Timeshare Business and maximizes the ability of each of the HLT 
Retained Business, the Ownership Business and the Timeshare Business to 
manage and operate their respective businesses on and after the 
Distribution Date, taking into account the respective needs of such 
businesses as established by past practice, to the extent applicable.

(ii) The Parties each agree that, between the date hereof and the 
Distribution Date, Employees shall not be transferred among the HLT 
Retained Business, the Ownership Business and the Timeshare Business except 
(A) as necessary to effectuate the second sentence of clause (i) of this 
Section 2(a), (B) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past 
practice, or (C) in accordance with the procedures described in the next 
sentence. The Parties agree that, between the date hereof and the 
Distribution Date, the senior human resources executives of each Party 
shall consult with one another in connection with the transfer of any 
Employee whose duties relate primarily to the HLT Retained Business, the 
Ownership Business or the Timeshare Business, as the case may be, and whose 
supervisor objects to the transfer. Consent by the transferee Party to any 
such transfer shall not be required.

(b) Leaves of Absence. Employees who are on an approved leave of absence as 
of the Distribution Date shall be treated as HLT Employees, PK Employees or 
HGV Employees, as the case may be, notwithstanding such leave of absence 
and each Party shall continue to apply the same leave of absence policy 
applicable to such inactive Employees as of such date until such inactive 
Employee returns to active employment with the HLT Group, the PK Group or 
the HGV Group, as the case may be.

(c) Subsequent Transfers of Employment. To the extent that the employment 
of any individual transfers among the HLT Group, the PK Group and the HGV 
Group following the Distribution Date but on or prior to December 31, 2017, 
the Parties shall use their reasonable efforts to effect the provisions of 
this Agreement with respect to the compensation and benefits of any such 
individual on and after the date of such transfer, it being understood that 
(i) it may not be possible to replicate the effect of such provisions under 
such circumstances and (ii) none of the Parties shall be bound by the 
provisions of this Section 2(c) to Assume any Liabilities or Transfer any 
Assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for compensation subject to the 
provisions of Section 409A of the Code, any such subsequent transfer, 
regardless of whether prior to, on or after December 31, 2017, shall be a 
separation from service from the applicable employer for purposes of such 
compensation, and the consequences of such separation from service shall be 
determined in accordance with the terms of the applicable Plan.

(d) No Creation/Acceleration of Benefits. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided for herein, no provision of, or event arising under, this 
Agreement, the Distribution Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements 
shall be construed to create any right, or accelerate entitlement, to any 
compensation or benefit whatsoever on the part of any Pre-Existing Hilton 
Employee, Former Employee or other future, present or former Employee of 
any member of the HLT Group, the PK Group or the HGV Group.

(e) At-Will Status. Nothing in this Agreement shall create any obligation 
on the part of any member of the HLT Group, the PK Group or the HGV Group 
to continue the employment of any Employee or permit the return from a 
leave of absence of any Employee following the date of this Agreement or 
the Distribution Date (except as required by applicable Law) or change the 
employment status of any Employee from at-will, to the extent such 
Employee was an at-will employee under applicable Law.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. BENEFIT PROGRAM PARTICIPATION. (a) Except as otherwise expressly 
provided for herein with respect to a particular Plan or otherwise provided 
for under applicable Law, all Employees who will become PK Employees and 
HGV Employees as of the Distribution Date shall cease active participation 
in all Hilton Plans no later than 11:59 p.m. on the Cut-Off Date (or such 
other time as may be required pursuant to applicable local Law).

(b) Recognition of Prior Service; No Duplication of Benefits. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided for under the terms of an HLT Plan, a PK Plan 
or an HGV Plan, each of HLT, PK and HGV shall, or shall cause another 
member or members of their respective Groups to, recognize each HLT 
Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees, as the case may be, service 
with Hilton for purposes of determining such Employees eligibility, vested 
status, benefit levels and benefit accruals under each applicable HLT Plan, 
PK Plan and HGV Plan, as the case may be, and, in each case, to the extent 
required under applicable local Law or, in the event there is no applicable 
local Law, to the same extent such service would be credited under the 
corresponding Hilton Plan, as applicable, or if none, as required by the 
applicable Plan terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of any 
Plans subject to any federal, state or local Laws of the United States, 
hours of service performed outside of the United States are not required to 
be credited for purposes of eligibility under any such HLT Plan, PK Plan or 
HGV Plan that is a welfare plan (within the meaning of Section 3(1) of 
ERISA), to the extent permitted by applicable Law. In addition, to the 
extent it would result in a duplication of benefits or duplication of 
service credit under one or more Plans sponsored or maintained by any 
member of the HLT Group, the PK Group or the HGV Group, as applicable, 
service credit shall not be awarded for purposes of retirement, severance, 
paid time off or any other Plan sponsored or maintained by any member of 
the HLT Group, the PK Group or the HGV Group, if the HLT Employee, PK 
Employee or HGV Employee, as the case may be, is compensated or otherwise 
eligible for a benefit, as applicable, on account of such service under a 
Hilton Plan as in effect on the Cut-Off Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing 
and for the avoidance of doubt, service credit shall be awarded for 
purposes of eligibility for any HLT Plan that is subject to any federal, 
state or local Laws of the United States (as adopted by any member of the 
PK Group or the HGV Group through no later than December 31, 2017), even if 
such award results in duplication of service credit.

(c) Amendment and Termination. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed 
or interpreted to restrict the right or authority of any member of the HLT 
Group, the PK Group or the HGV Group, as applicable, to amend or terminate 
any HLT Plan, PK Plan or HGV Plan, or any Plan that is newly adopted or 
implemented in accordance with the terms hereof after the Distribution 
Date, as applicable, effective as of a date on and after the Distribution 
Date, to the extent permitted by applicable Law.

(d) Non-Termination of Employment. Any Pre-Existing Hilton Employee who, on 
the Distribution Date, is employed by a member of the HLT Group, the PK 
Group or the HGV Group shall not be deemed either to have terminated 
employment, incurred a separation from service or severance from 
employment, or to be in retirement status under any HLT Plan,
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
PK Plan or HGV Plan solely as a result of the Distribution or related 
transactions except to the extent required by applicable Law or the 
applicable Plan terms. Except to the extent required by applicable Law or 
the applicable Plan terms, any Pre-Existing Hilton Employee who, on the 
Distribution Date, is employed by a member of the HLT Group, the PK Group 
or the HGV Group shall not, solely as a result of the Distribution or 
related transactions, be eligible to receive payment of, or exercise any 
portability rights in respect of, such Employees vested benefit or 
retirement allowance under any HLT Plan, PK Plan or HGV Plan; provided that 
each HLT Employee, PK Employee and HGV Employee shall receive credit for 
their service with Hilton prior to the Distribution Date from a member of 
the HLT Group, the PK Group or the HGV Group, as applicable, as provided 
for in this Section 3.

(e) No Change in Control. The Parties acknowledge and agree that neither 
the consummation of the Distribution nor any transaction in connection with 
the Distribution shall be deemed a change of control, a change in 
control or term of similar import for purposes of any Hilton Plan, HLT 
Plan, PK Plan or HGV Plan.

(f) Fiduciary Matters. The Parties acknowledge that actions required to be 
taken pursuant to this Agreement may be subject to fiduciary duties or 
standards of conduct under ERISA or other applicable Law, and no Party 
shall be deemed to be in violation of this Agreement if it fails to comply 
with any provisions hereof based upon its good faith determination (as 
supported by advice from counsel experienced in such matters) that to do so 
would violate such a fiduciary duty or standard. Each Party shall be 
responsible for taking such actions as are deemed necessary and appropriate 
to comply with its own fiduciary responsibilities and shall fully release 
the other Parties for any Liabilities caused by the failure to satisfy any 
such responsibility.

(g) Consent of Third Parties. If any provision of this Agreement is 
dependent on the consent of any third party and such consent is withheld, 
the Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to implement the 
applicable provision of this Agreement to the full extent practicable. If 
any provision of this Agreement cannot be implemented due to the failure of 
such third party to consent, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to 
implement the provision in a mutually satisfactory manner.

4. DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLANS. (a) US Tax-Qualified DB Plans. Effective 
as of the Plan Effective Time, HLT shall, or shall cause another member or 
members or members of the HLT Group to, Assume (i) each tax-qualified 
defined benefit pension Plan sponsored or maintained by Hilton as of the 
Cut-Off Date that is made available to certain Pre-Existing Hilton 
Employees in the United States (or on temporary assignment outside the 
United States, if applicable) as of the Cut-Off Date, including, without 
limitation, the Plans listed on Schedule 4(a)(i) (such Plans, the US DB 
Plans), (ii) all Liabilities associated with the US DB Plans related to 
Former Employees, HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees while such 
Employees were employed by a member of the Hilton Controlled Group, whether 
incurred prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, (iii) all Assets 
and Liabilities related to any Terminated Hilton US DB Plans, and (iv) all 
Assets and accrued benefits associated with the US DB Plans related to 
Former Employees, HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees while such 
Employees were employed by a member of the Hilton Controlled Group, whether 
accrued prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time. On and after the 
Plan Effective Time, no
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
member of the PK Group or the HGV Group shall have any Liabilities related 
to any US DB Plans or any Terminated Hilton US DB Plans. For the avoidance 
of doubt, no member of the HLT Group is Assuming any Assets or Liabilities 
related to non-Hilton participating employers under the US DB Plans.

(b) Non-US DB Plans.

(i) HLT Group. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, except as otherwise 
expressly provided for herein, HLT shall, or shall cause another member or 
members or members of the HLT Group to, Assume (w) each defined benefit 
pension plan sponsored or maintained by Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date that 
is made available to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees outside of the 
United States as of the Cut-Off Date, including without limitation, the 
Plans listed on Schedule 4(b)(i), and any legally enforceable agreements or 
guarantees given by Hilton to support such plans (collectively, the 
Non-US DB Plans), (x) all Liabilities associated with the Non-US DB Plans 
related to HLT Employees and Former Hilton Employees, and, solely with 
respect to the Hilton UK Pension Plan (the UK DB Plan), Liabilities 
relating to benefits built up by any HLT Employees, Former Employees, PK 
Employees, and HGV Employees, in each case, while employed by Hilton, 
whether incurred prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, (y) all 
Assets and Liabilities related to any Terminated Hilton UK DB Plans, and 
(z) all Assets and accrued benefits associated with the Non-US DB Plans 
related to HLT Employees and Former Hilton Employees and, solely with 
respect to the UK DB Plans, Assets related to and accrued benefits built up 
by any HLT Employees, Former Employees, PK Employees, and HGV Employees 
while employed by Hilton, whether accrued prior to, on or after the Plan 
Effective Time. On and after the Plan Effective Time, except as otherwise 
expressly provided for herein, no member of the PK Group or the HGV Group 
shall have any Liabilities related to HLT Employees or Former Employees 
under the Non-US DB Plans, HLT Employees or Former Employees under any 
Terminated Hilton UK DB Plan or, solely with respect to the UK DB Plan, HLT 
Employees, Former Employees, PK Employees, or HGV Employees.

(ii) PK Group.

(A) Establishment of New Non-US DB Plans/Transfer of Assets and Liabilities
. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, PK shall, or shall cause another 
member or members of the PK Group to, Assume (x) a portion of each Non-US 
DB Plan that is made available as of the Cut-Off Date to certain 
Pre-Existing Hilton Employees outside of the United States who become PK 
Employees at PK properties based outside of the United States, including, 
without limitation, the Plans listed on Schedule 4(b)(ii)(A), but excluding 
the UK DB Plan (such Plans, the Non-US PK DB Plans), (y) all Liabilities 
associated with the Non-US PK DB Plans related to PK Employees and Former 
PK Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or after the Plan Effective 
Time, and (z) all Assets and accrued benefits related to PK Employees and 
Former PK Employees associated with the Non-US PK DB Plans, whether accrued 
prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time. On and after the Plan 
Effective Time, no member of the HLT Group or the HGV Group shall have any 
Liabilities related to the Non-US PK DB Plans.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) UK Life Assurance Plans. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, PK 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the PK Group to (x) 
establish, adopt and implement a new life assurance Plan to provide life 
assurance benefits to PK Employees employed in the United Kingdom on 
substantially similar terms, in all material respects, to the terms on 
which the PK Employees employed in the United Kingdom were provided with 
life assurance benefits as of the Cut-Off Date, and, if any member of the 
PK Group provides life assurance benefits to any new Employees employed by 
a member of the PK Group in the United Kingdom after the Distribution Date, 
it shall be through the same Plan and on the same terms as for PK 
Employees, and (y) Assume all Liabilities associated with such Plan related 
to PK Employees (and any new Employees employed by any member of the PK 
Group after the Distribution Date who are provided with life assurance 
benefits).

(C) UK DB Plan Mitigation Arrangements. As a result of ceasing to 
participate in the UK DB Plan, following the Distribution Date, PK shall, 
or shall cause another member or members of the PK Group to pay, on a 
monthly basis, in arrears, to or in respect of each PK Employee who was an 
Active Deferred Member (as defined in the UK DB Plan) participating in the 
UK DB Plan immediately before the Distribution Date, in respect of each 
calendar month in which such PK Employee is employed by a member of the PK 
Group, either (x) a contribution to the defined contribution pension scheme 
that such PK Employee is a member of and provided under Section 
5(b)(ii)(A), based on a fixed percentage (the Mitigation Percentage) of 
such PK Employees basic salary as communicated to such PK Employee before 
the Distribution Date, or (y) a cash salary supplement in an amount equal 
to the product of (I) the Mitigation Percentage and (II) such PK Employees 
basic salary. These payments shall be paid on such terms, including as to 
duration, as are communicated to such PK Employees before the Distribution 
Date, and subject to any ability of PK or any other member or members of 
the PK Group to change the affected PK Employees contractual terms where 
permitted by applicable Law following the Distribution Date. These payments 
are to be provided as mitigation to such PK Employee for the loss of the 
salary linkage feature provided under the UK DB Plan prior to the 
Distribution Date.

(iii) HGV Group.

(A) Establishment of New Non-US DB Plans/Transfer of Assets and Liabilities
. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HGV shall, or shall cause 
another member or members of the HGV Group to, Assume (x) each defined 
benefit pension plan sponsored or maintained by Vacations as of the Cut-Off 
Date that is made available as of the Cut-Off Date to certain Pre-Existing 
Hilton Employees in Japan who become HGV Employees at HGV properties based 
in Japan (such Plans, the Japanese DB Plans), all Liabilities associated 
with the Japanese DB Plans related to HGV Employees and Former HGV 
Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, 
and all Assets and accrued benefits associated with the Japanese DB Plans 
related to HGV Employees and Former HGV Employees, whether incurred prior 
to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, and (y) (I) a portion of each 
other Non-US DB Plan that is made available as of the Cut-Off Date to 
certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees outside of the United States who 
become HGV Employees based outside the United States, including, without 
limitation, the Plans listed on Schedule 4(b)(iii)(A), but excluding the UK 
DB Plan (such Plans, the Non-US HGV DB Plans), (II) all Liabilities 
associated with the Non-US HGV DB Plans related to HGV Employees and Former 
HGV Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or after the Plan Effective 
Time, and (III) all Assets and accrued benefits related to HGV Employees 
and Former HGV Employees associated with the Non-US HGV DB Plans, whether 
accrued prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time. On and after the 
Plan Effective Time, no member of the HLT Group or the PK Group shall have 
any Liabilities related to the Japanese DB Plans and the Non-US HGV DB 
Plans.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) UK Life Assurance Plans. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HGV 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HGV Group to (x) 
establish, adopt and implement a new life assurance Plan to provide life 
assurance benefits to HGV Employees employed in the United Kingdom on 
substantially similar terms, in all material respects, to the terms on 
which the HGV Employees employed in the United Kingdom were provided with 
life assurance benefits as of the Cut-Off Date, and, if any member of the 
HGV Group provides life assurance benefits to any new Employees employed by 
a member of the HGV Group in the United Kingdom after the Distribution 
Date, it shall be through the same Plan and on the same terms as for HGV 
Employees, and (y) Assume all Liabilities associated with such Plan related 
to HGV Employees (and any new Employees employed by any member of the HGV 
Group after the Distribution Date who are provided with life assurance 
benefits).

(C) UK DB Plan Mitigation Arrangements. As a result of ceasing to 
participate in the UK DB Plan, following the Distribution Date, HGV shall, 
or shall cause another member or members of the HGV Group to continue to 
pay, on a monthly basis, in arrears, to or in respect of each HGV Employee 
who was an Active Deferred Member participating in the UK DB Plan 
immediately before the Distribution Date, in respect of each calendar month 
in which such HGV Employee is employed by a member of the HGV Group, either 
(x) a contribution to the defined contribution pension scheme that such HGV 
Employee is a member of and provided under Section 5(b)(ii)(A), based on 
the Mitigation Percentage of such HGV Employees basic salary as 
communicated to such HGV Employee before the Distribution Date, or (y) a 
cash salary supplement in an amount equal to the product of (I) the 
Mitigation Percentage and (II) such HGV Employees basic salary. These 
payments shall be paid on such terms, including as to duration, as are 
communicated to such HGV Employees before the Distribution Date, and 
subject to any ability of HGV or any other member or members of the HGV 
Group to change the affected HGV Employees contractual terms where 
permitted by applicable Law following the Distribution Date. These payments 
are to be provided as mitigation to such HGV Employee for the loss of the 
salary linkage feature provided under the UK DB Plan prior to the 
Distribution Date.

5. DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PENSION PLANS. (a) US Tax-Qualified DC Plans.

(i) General. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, except as otherwise 
expressly provided for herein or in the Transition Services Agreement, HLT 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HLT Group to, Assume 
(x) each tax-qualified defined contribution pension plan sponsored or 
maintained by Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date that is made available to 
certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees in the United States (or on temporary 
assignment outside the United States, if applicable) as of the Cut-Off 
Date, including, without limitation, the Plans listed on Schedule 5(a)(i) 
(such Plans, the US DC Plans), (y) all Liabilities associated with the US 
DC Plans related to Former Employees, HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV 
Employees while such Employees were employed by a member of the Hilton 
Controlled Group, whether incurred prior to, on or after the Plan Effective 
Time, and (z) all Assets and accrued benefits associated with the US DC 
Plans related to Former Employees, HLT
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees while such Employees were 
employed by a member of the Hilton Controlled Group, whether accrued prior 
to, on or after the Plan Effective Time. On and after the Plan Effective 
Time, except as otherwise expressly provided for herein or in the 
Transition Services Agreement, no member of the PK Group or the HGV Group 
shall have any Liabilities related to HLT Employees or Former Employees 
under the US DC Plans. For the avoidance of doubt, no member of the HLT 
Group is Assuming any Assets or Liabilities related to non-Hilton 
participating employers under the US DC Plans.

(ii) Continued Participation in HW 401(k) Plan. Prior to the Plan Effective 
Time, each of (x) the Subsidiaries of HLT and (y) PK, HGV and their 
respective Subsidiaries with Employees who participate in the Hilton 
Worldwide 401(k) Plan as of the Cut-Off Date (the HW 401(k) Plan) shall 
have adopted the HW 401(k) Plan each as a participating employer. Effective 
as of the Plan Effective Time, each of the applicable members of the PK 
Group and the HGV Group shall remain as participating employers in the HW 
401(k) Plan until no later than December 31, 2017 and, in connection 
therewith, each of the HLT Group, the PK Group and the HGV Group shall (x) 
pay their proportional share of the administrative and contribution costs 
associated with the HW 401(k) Plan during such period and (y) Assume all 
Liabilities associated with the HW 401(k) Plan related to HLT Employees, 
Former HLT Employees, PK Employees, Former PK Employees, HGV Employees and 
Former HGV Employees (and any new Employees employed by any member of the 
HLT Group, the PK Group or the HGV Group, as applicable, after the 
Distribution Date), respectively.

(iii) Establishment of New US Tax-Qualified DC Plans/Transfer of Assets and 
Liabilities. Effective no later than January 1, 2018, each of PK and HGV 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the PK Group and the HGV 
Group, as applicable, to establish, adopt and administer one or more new 
defined contribution pension plans that are intended to meet the 
requirements of Sections 401(a) and 401(k) of the Code and a related trust 
that is intended to meet the requirements of Section 501(a) of the Code for 
the benefit of eligible PK Employees and HGV Employees, as applicable, in 
the United States (or on temporary assignment outside of the United States, 
if applicable) (and any new Employees employed by any member of the PK 
Group or HGV Group after the Distribution Date) (collectively, the New 
401(k) Plans), the terms and conditions of which shall be determined by 
the PK Compensation Committee or the HGV Compensation Committee (or their 
respective designees), as applicable, taking into account the terms and 
conditions of the HW 401(k) Plan.

(iv) As soon as practicable following the adoption of each New 401(k) Plan, 
HLT shall, or shall cause the applicable member of the HLT Group to, cause 
the trustee of the HW 401(k) Plan to Transfer to the trustee or other 
funding agent of each New 401(k) Plan the amounts (in cash, securities, 
other property or a combination thereof, including any promissory notes 
reflecting outstanding participant loan balances) representing the account 
balances of all PK Employees, Former PK Employees, HGV Employees and Former 
HGV Employees (and any new Employees employed by any member of the PK Group 
or the HGV Group, as applicable, after the Distribution Date) who were 
participating in the HW 401(k) Plan with said amounts to be established as 
account balances of such Employees under the applicable New 401(k) Plan. 
Each such Transfer shall comply with Section 414(l) of the Code and the 
requirements of ERISA. Each of PK and HGV shall, or shall cause the 
applicable member of the PK Group or the HGV Group, as applicable, to (x) 
cause the trustees or other funding agent of
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the applicable New 401(k) Plan to accept the trust-to-trust Transfer from 
the HW 401(k) Plan, and to credit the accounts of such PK Employees, Former 
PK Employees, HGV Employees and Former HGV Employees, as applicable (and 
any new Employees employed by any member of the PK Group and the HGV Group 
after the Distribution Date, as applicable) under the applicable New 401(k) 
Plan with the amounts Transferred on their behalf and (y) Assume and be 
solely responsible for all Liabilities under the applicable New 401(k) Plan 
relating to the accounts that are so Transferred as of the time of such 
Transfer. In connection with the trust-to-trust Transfer described above, 
the Parties agree to cooperate in making any and all appropriate filings 
required under applicable Law and to take all such action(s) as may be 
necessary or appropriate to cause such plan-to-plan Transfer to take place 
as soon as practicable following the adoption of each New 401(k) Plan.

(b) Non-US DC Plans.

(i) HLT Group. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, except as otherwise 
expressly provided for herein or in the Transition Services Agreement, HLT 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HLT Group to, Assume 
(x) each defined contribution pension plan sponsored or maintained by 
Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date that is made available to certain 
Pre-Existing Hilton Employees outside of the United States as of the 
Cut-Off Date, including, without limitation, the Plans listed on Schedule 
5(b)(i) (such Plans, the Non-US DC Plans), (y) all Liabilities associated 
with (I) the Non-US DC Plans and (II) the HOGARENTE (the Hotel and 
Restaurant Association) and the Pensioenfond Horeca & Catering Retirement 
Plan (such Plans, the Mandatory DC Plans), in each case, related to HLT 
Employees and Former Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or after the 
Plan Effective Time, and (z) all Assets and accrued benefits associated 
with the Non-US DC Plans, in each case, related to HLT Employees and Former 
Employees, whether accrued prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time. 
On and after the Plan Effective Time, except as otherwise expressly 
provided for herein or in the Transition Services Agreement, no member of 
the PK Group or the HGV Group shall have any Liabilities related to HLT 
Employees or Former Employees under the Non-US DC Plans or the Mandatory DC 
Plans.

(ii) PK Group.

(A) Establishment of New Plans in the UK. (1) Effective as of the Plan 
Effective Time, PK shall, or shall cause another member or members of the 
PK Group to, for the purposes of providing defined contribution pension 
benefits for PK Employees employed in the United Kingdom, adopt and 
implement one or more new defined contribution pension Plans that have the 
same terms as to contribution rates and eligibility as the Legal and 
General Group Pension PlanHilton Worldwide Personal UK Retirement Plan 
(the UK GPP) and The Peoples Pension Scheme  Hilton Hotels Worldwide 
Section (the UK Auto-Enrolment Plan) (the UK GPP and the UK 
Auto-Enrolment Plan, collectively, the UK DC Plans).

(2) Following the establishment, adoption and implementation by PK or 
another member or members of the PK Group of one or more new defined 
contribution pension Plans as required by clause (1) above, if it would not 
otherwise automatically happen, PK shall, or shall cause another member or 
members of the PK Group to, request the trustee of the UK Auto-Enrolment 
Plan to Transfer all Assets and
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities of the UK Auto-Enrolment Plan attributable to PK Employees to 
the applicable new defined contribution pension Plan, subject to the 
agreement of the new defined contribution pension Plan trustee or provider. 
Following such Transfer, no member of the HLT Group or the HGV Group shall 
have any Liabilities relating thereto. In addition, if it would not 
otherwise automatically be permitted, PK shall, or shall cause another 
member or members of the PK Group to request that the trustee or provider 
of the new defined contribution pension Plan accept a Transfer of the 
Assets and Liabilities in the UK GPP attributable to any PK Employee who 
wishes to Transfer such Assets and Liabilities to the new defined 
contribution pension Plan, provided such PK Employee is still an active 
member of the new defined contribution pension Plan at the date of the 
Transfer.

(B) Assumption/Establishment of New Plans. Effective as of the Plan 
Effective Time, PK shall, or shall cause another member or members of the 
PK Group to (x) commence participation in the Mandatory DC Plans and (y) 
Assume (I) each Non-US DC Plan that is made available as the Cut-Off Date 
to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees as of the Cut-Off Date in South 
Africa who become PK Employees at PK properties based in South Africa (such 
Plans, the SA DC Plans), all Liabilities associated with the SA DC Plans 
related to PK Employees and Former PK Employees, whether incurred prior to, 
on or after the Plan Effective Time, and all Assets and accrued benefits 
associated with the SA DC Plans related to PK Employees and Former PK 
Employees, whether accrued prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, 
and (II) (1) a portion of each other Non-US DC Plan that is made available 
as of the Cut-Off Date to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees outside of 
the United States who become PK Employees at PK properties based outside of 
the United States, including, without limitation, the Plans listed on 
Schedule 5(b)(ii)(B), but excluding the UK DC Plans (such Plans, PK 
Required Plans), (2) all Liabilities associated with the PK Required Plans 
related to PK Employees and Former PK Employees, whether incurred prior to, 
on or after the Plan Effective Time, and (3) all Assets and accrued 
benefits associated with the PK Required Plans related to PK Employees and 
Former PK Employees, whether accrued prior to, on or after the Plan 
Effective Time. On and after the Plan Effective Time, no member of the HLT 
Group or the HGV Group shall have any Liabilities related to PK Employees 
or Former PK Employees under the SA DC Plans or the PK Required Plans. The 
PK Compensation Committee (or its designee) shall establish, adopt and 
implement one or more new defined contribution pension plans that have 
substantially similar terms, in all material respects, to the PK Required 
Plans. Following the adoption of such plans, HLT shall, or shall cause 
another member or members of the HLT Group to, Transfer all Assets and 
Liabilities attributable to PK Employees and Former PK Employees under the 
respective PK Required Plans to each such newly adopted plan. On and after 
such Transfer, no member of the HLT Group or the HGV Group shall have any 
Liabilities related thereto. Following commencement of participation in the 
Mandatory DC Plans, PK shall, or shall cause another member or members of 
the PK Group to, Assume all Liabilities associated with such the Mandatory 
DC Plans related to PK Employees and Former PK Employees, whether incurred 
prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) HGV Group.

(A) Assumption/Establishment of New Plans Effective as of the Plan 
Effective Time, HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of the 
HGV Group to, Assume (x) each Non-US DC Plan that is made available as of 
the Cut-Off Date to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees in Japan who 
become HGV Employees at HGV properties based in Japan (the Japanese DC 
Plans), all Liabilities associated with the Japanese DC Plans related to 
HGV Employees and Former HGV Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or 
after the Plan Effective Time, and all Assets and accrued benefits 
associated with the Japanese DC Plans related to HGV Employees and Former 
HGV Employees, whether accrued prior to, on or after the Plan Effective 
Time, (y) the defined contribution pension Plans that are made available as 
of the Cut-Off Date to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees in the United 
Kingdom who become HGV Employees at HGV properties based in the United 
Kingdom and that have the same terms as to contribution rates and 
eligibility as the UK DC Plans (the Replacement UK DC Plans), all 
Liabilities associated with the Replacement UK DC Plans related to HGV 
Employees and Former HGV Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or after 
the Plan Effective Time, and all Assets and accrued benefits associated 
with the Replacement UK DC Plans related to HGV Employees and Former HGV 
Employees, whether accrued prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, 
and (z) (I) a portion of each other Non-US DC Plan that is made available 
as of the Cut-Off Date to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees outside of 
the United States who become HGV Employees at HGV properties based outside 
of the United States, including, without limitation, the Plans listed on 
Schedule 5(b)(iii)(A), (such Plans, excluding the UK DC Plans, the Hilton 
International Plan (Hilton Retirement Capital Plan section) and the Hilton 
Worldwide International Retirement Plan, the HGV Required Plans), (II) 
all Liabilities associated with the HGV Required Plans related to HGV 
Employees and Former HGV Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or after 
the Plan Effective Time, and (III) all Assets and accrued benefits 
associated with the HGV Required Plans related to HGV Employees and Former 
HGV Employees, whether accrued prior to, on or after the Plan Effective 
Time. On and after the Plan Effective Time, no member of the HLT Group or 
the PK Group shall have any Liabilities related to HGV Employees or Former 
HGV Employees under the Japanese DC Plans or the HGV Required Plans. The 
HGV Compensation Committee (or its designee) shall establish, adopt and 
implement one or more new defined contribution pension plans that have 
substantially similar terms, in all material respects, to the HGV Required 
Plans, effective as of the Plan Effective Time. Effective as of the Plan 
Effective Time, HLT shall, or shall cause another member or members of the 
HLT Group to, Transfer all Assets and Liabilities attributable to HGV 
Employees and Former HGV Employees under each applicable HGV Required Plan 
to each such newly adopted plan. On and after such Transfer, no member of 
the HLT Group or the PK Group shall have any Liabilities related thereto.

6. NON-QUALIFIED RETIREMENT/DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS. (a) General. 
Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, except as otherwise expressly 
provided for herein, HLT shall, or shall cause another member or members of 
the HLT Group to, Assume (x) each non-qualified retirement and deferred 
compensation plan sponsored or maintained by Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date 
that is made available to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees in the 
United States (or on temporary assignment outside the United States, if 
applicable) as of the Cut-Off Date, including, without limitation, the 
Plans listed on Schedule 6(a), (such Plans, the Hilton Deferred 
Compensation Plans), (y) all Liabilities associated with the Hilton 
Deferred Compensation Plans related to Former Employees, HLT Employees, PK 
Employees and HGV Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or after the 
Plan Effective Time, and (z) all Assets (including any associated rabbi 
trust) and accrued benefits associated with the Hilton Deferred 
Compensation Plans related to Former Employees, HLT Employees, PK
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Employees and HGV Employees, whether accrued prior to, on or after the Plan 
Effective Time. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein, on and 
after the Plan Effective Time, no member of the PK Group or the HGV Group 
shall have any Liabilities related to Former Employees, HLT Employees, PK 
Employees or HGV Employees under the Hilton Deferred Compensation Plans.

(b) New PK and HGV Deferred Compensation Plans/Transfer of Liabilities.

(i) PK Group. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, PK shall, or shall 
cause another member or members of the PK Group to, establish, adopt and 
administer one or more new deferred compensation and/or non-qualified 
retirement plans for eligible PK Employees (and any new Employees employed 
by any member of the PK Group after the Distribution Date) in the United 
States. The terms and conditions of one such plan for PK Employees who 
participated in the Hilton Hotels 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
(the 2005 EDCP) as of the Cut-Off Date shall be substantially similar, in 
all material respects, to the 2005 EDCP. Effective as of the Plan Effective 
Time, PK shall, or shall cause another member or members of the PK Group 
to, Assume all Liabilities related to the 2005 EDCP attributable to PK 
Employees who participated in the 2005 EDCP as of the Cut-Off Date. On and 
after the Plan Effective Time, no member of the HLT Group or the HGV Group 
shall have any Liabilities related to PK Employees under the 2005 EDCP and 
no member of the PK Group shall have any Liabilities related to the HLT 
Employees and Former Employees under the 2005 EDCP. Any such other plans 
that are adopted by any member of the PK Group shall be on such terms and 
conditions as determined by the PK Compensation Committee (or its 
designee).

(ii) HGV Group. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HGV shall, or 
shall cause another member or members of the HGV Group to, establish, adopt 
and administer one or more new deferred compensation and/or non-qualified 
retirement plans for eligible HGV Employees (and any new Employees employed 
by any member of the HGV Group after the Distribution Date) in the United 
States. The terms and conditions of one such plan for HGV Employees who 
participated in the 2005 EDCP as of the Cut-Off Date shall be substantially 
similar, in all material respects, to the 2005 EDCP. Effective as of the 
Plan Effective Time, HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of 
the HGV Group to, Assume all Liabilities related to the 2005 EDCP 
attributable to HGV Employees who participated in the 2005 EDCP as of the 
Cut-Off Date. On and after the Plan Effective Time, no member of the HLT 
Group or the PK Group shall have any Liabilities related to HGV Employees 
under the 2005 EDCP and no member of the HGV Group shall have any 
Liabilities related to the HLT Employees and Former Employees under the 
2005 EDCP. Any such other plans that are adopted by any member of the HGV 
Group shall be on such terms and conditions as determined by the HGV 
Compensation Committee (or its designee).

(iii) No Separation from Service.

(A) The Parties agree that transfers of employment in connection with the 
Distribution shall not be treated as separations from service under any 
Hilton Deferred Compensation Plan, and such employment shall only be 
considered to terminate for purposes of the applicable Hilton Deferred 
Compensation Plans or a PK or HGV non-qualified retirement/deferred 
compensation plan that receives the Liabilities, as applicable, as a result 
of
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(x) a transfer of employment among the HLT Group, the PK Group and the HGV 
Group, or (y) a termination of employment with the HLT Group, the PK Group 
or the HGV Group, as applicable, following the Plan Effective Time. All 
non-qualified retirement/deferred compensation benefits payable on and 
after the Plan Effective Time related to HLT Employees, PK Employees and 
HGV Employees shall be paid under the applicable Hilton Deferred 
Compensation Plans or a PK or HGV non-qualified retirement/deferred 
compensation plan that receives the Liabilities, as applicable.

7. EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND WELFARE BENEFIT PLANS. (a) US H&W Plans.

(i) General. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, except as otherwise 
expressly provided for herein or in the Transition Services Agreement, HLT 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HLT Group to, Assume 
(x) each health and welfare benefit Plan (other than severance Plans) 
sponsored or maintained by Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date that is made 
available to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees in the United States and 
Puerto Rico as of the Cut-Off Date, including, without limitation, the 
Plans listed on Schedule 7(a)(i) (the Hilton H&W Plans), (y) all 
Liabilities associated with the Hilton H&W Plans related to Former 
Employees, HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees, whether incurred 
prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, and (z) all Assets and 
accrued benefits associated with the Hilton H&W Plans related to Former 
Employees, HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees, whether accrued 
prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time. On and after the Plan 
Effective Time, except as otherwise provided for in Section 7(a)(iii), no 
member of the PK Group or the HGV Group shall have any Liabilities related 
to HLT Employees or Former Hilton Employees under the Hilton H&W Plans, no 
member of the HLT Group or the HGV Group shall have any Liabilities related 
to PK Employees or Former PK Employees under the Hilton H&W Plans and no 
member of the HLT Group or the PK Group shall have any Liabilities related 
to HGV Employees or Former HGV Employees under the Hilton H&W Plans.

(ii) COBRA. HLT or another member or members of the HLT Group shall be 
responsible for providing continuation coverage pursuant to the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA) 
(COBRA Coverage) under the applicable HLT Plan with respect to qualified 
beneficiaries whose qualifying event occurred prior to or in conjunction 
with the Distribution. For qualifying events occurring on and after the 
Plan Effective Time, HLT shall, or shall cause another member or members of 
the HLT Group to, be responsible for providing COBRA Coverage to qualified 
beneficiaries whose qualifying event relates to a HLT Employee (and any new 
Employees employed by any member of the HLT Group after the Distribution 
Date), PK shall, or shall cause another member or members of the PK Group 
to, be responsible for providing COBRA Coverage to qualified beneficiaries 
whose qualifying event relates to a PK Employee (and any new Employees 
employed by any member of the PK Group after the Distribution Date), and 
HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HGV Group to, be 
responsible for providing COBRA Coverage to qualified beneficiaries whose 
qualifying event relates to a HGV Employee (and any new Employees employed 
by any member of the HGV Group after the Distribution Date).
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) Continued Participation In Hilton H&W Plans. Subject to the consent 
of the applicable insurers or any other applicable third-parties, as 
needed, effective as of the Plan Effective Time, each of the applicable 
members of the PK Group and the HGV Group shall remain participating 
employers in the Hilton H&W Plans until no later than December 31, 2017, 
but shall cease participating in any cafeteria Plans, salary continuation 
Plans, health savings accounts, health and dependent care flexible spending 
accounts, voluntary benefit Plans, commuter benefit Plans and tuition 
reimbursement Plans, in each case, sponsored or maintained by Hilton as of 
the Cut-Off Date that are made available to certain Pre-Existing Hilton 
Employees in the United States as of the Cut-Off Date (such Plans, the 
Specified H&W Plans) as of the Plan Effective Time. In connection with 
such continued participation, each of the HLT Group, the PK Group and the 
HGV Group shall (x) pay their proportional share of the administrative and 
contribution costs associated with such Plans during such period and (y) 
Assume all Liabilities associated with such Plans related to HLT Employees, 
Former HLT Employees, PK Employees, Former PK Employees, HGV Employees or 
Former HGV Employees (and any new Employees employed by any member of the 
HLT Group, the PK Group or the HGV Group, as applicable, after the 
Distribution Date), respectively. Insurance premiums under the Hilton H&W 
Plans, including premiums related to COBRA Coverage, shall be paid either 
(x) directly to the applicable insurer by a member of each of the HLT 
Group, the PK Group and the HGV Group on behalf of the participating Former 
Employees, Employees and dependents of each, or (y) directly to the 
applicable insurer by a member of the HLT Group on behalf of Former 
Employees, HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees and their 
respective dependents with reimbursement of such amounts being made by a 
member of the PK Group and the HGV Group within the time period required 
under ERISA. During the period commencing on the Distribution Date and 
ending no later than December 31, 2017, the HLT Group, the PK Group and the 
HGV Group shall share proportionally in any credits returned (e.g., MLR 
credits, subrogation recoveries, etc.) to any health and welfare benefit 
Plan sponsored or maintained by any member of the HLT Group in which a 
member of the PK Group and HGV Group continue to participate on and after 
the Plan Effective Time.

(iv) New PK and HGV Health and Welfare Benefit Plans.

(A) Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, each of PK and HGV shall, or 
shall cause another member or members of the PK Group or the HGV Group, as 
applicable, to, establish, adopt and implement one or more new health and 
welfare benefit Plans in which eligible PK Employees and HGV Employees (and 
any new Employees employed by any member of the PK Group and the HGV Group 
after the Distribution Date) in the United States shall participate, with 
terms and conditions that are substantially similar, in all material 
respects, to the terms and conditions of the Specified H&W Plans in which 
such Employees were participating as of the Cut-Off Date.

(B) Effective no later than January 1, 2018, each of PK and HGV shall, or 
shall cause another member or members of the PK Group or the HGV Group, as 
applicable, to, establish, adopt and implement one or more new health and 
welfare benefit Plans (excluding a Retiree Health Plan and retiree life 
insurance arrangements) under which PK Employees and HGV Employees (and any 
new Employees employed by any member of the PK Group and the HGV Group 
after the Distribution Date) in the United States shall participate, the 
terms and conditions of which shall be determined by the PK Compensation 
Committee (or its designee) or the HGV Compensation Committee (or its 
designee), as applicable, taking into account the terms and conditions of 
the corresponding Hilton H&W Plan.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(C) Each of PK and HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of 
the PK Group and the HGV Group, as applicable, to use commercially 
reasonable efforts to waive all pre-existing condition exclusions and 
actively-at-work requirements for each health and welfare benefit Plan in 
which PK Employees and HGV Employees in the United States were 
participating as of the Cut-Off Date or the effective date of the new Plan, 
as applicable.

(D) Each of PK and HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of 
the PK Group and the HGV Group, as applicable, to provide credit for 
expenses incurred by PK Employees and HGV Employees in the United States 
and their eligible dependents during the portion of the plan year that 
includes the Distribution Date for purposes of satisfying all deductible, 
coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to each such 
Employee.

(E) For the plan year in which the Distribution Date occurs, flexible 
spending accounts and health savings accounts of PK Employees and HGV 
Employees shall be transferred to the corresponding PK or HGV health and 
welfare benefit Plan, including contribution and payment history.

(b) Non-US H&W Plans.

(i) HLT Group.

(A) General. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, except as expressly 
provided for herein or in the Transition Services Agreement, HLT shall, or 
shall cause another member or members of the HLT Group to, Assume (x) each 
health and welfare benefit Plan (including each related insurance policy, 
trust instrument and other related contract or agreement) sponsored or 
maintained by Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date that is made available to 
certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees outside of the United States as of 
the Cut-Off Date, including without limitation, the Plans listed on 
Schedule 7(b)(i)(A) (such Plans, the Hilton Non-US H&W Plans), (y) all 
Liabilities associated with the Hilton Non-US H&W Plans related to HLT 
Employees, Former Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees, whether 
incurred prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, and (z) all Assets 
and accrued benefits associated with the Non-US H&W Plans related to HLT 
Employees, Former Hilton Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees. On and 
after the Plan Effective Time, except as expressly provided for herein or 
in the Transition Services Agreement, no member of the PK Group or the HGV 
Group shall have any Liabilities related HLT Employees and Former Employees 
under the Non-US H&W Plans.

(B) Continued Participation in Brazilian H&W Plans/New Brazilian H&W Plans
. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HLT shall, or shall cause 
another member or members of the HLT Group to, for the purposes of 
providing health and welfare and/or life insurance benefits for HLT 
Employees employed in Brazil (and any new Employees employed by any member 
of the HLT Group in Brazil after the Distribution Date), either (x) to
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
establish, adopt or implement one or more new health and welfare and/or 
life insurance benefit plans that have substantially similar terms, in all 
material respects, to the Seguro Saude Empresarial, the Seguro Coletivo 
Empresarial de Assistencia a Saude Na Segmentacao Odontologico and/or the 
Seguro de Vida Em Groupo, as applicable (each such Plan, a Brazilian H&W 
Plan) or (y) subject to consent of the applicable insurer(s) or any other 
applicable third-parties, as needed, effective as of the Plan Effective 
Time, each of the applicable members of the HLT Group shall remain as 
participating employers in one or more Brazilian H&W Plans until no later 
than December 31, 2017 and, in connection therewith, each of the HLT Group 
and the PK Group shall (I) pay their proportional share of the 
administrative and contribution costs associated with the applicable 
Brazilian H&W Plan(s) during such period and (II) Assume all Liabilities 
associated with the applicable Brazilian H&W Plan(s) related to HLT 
Employees, Former HLT Employees, PK Employees and Former PK Employees (and 
any new Employees employed by any member of the HLT Group or the PK Group, 
as applicable, after the Distribution Date), respectively. Effective no 
later than January 1, 2018, HLT shall, or shall cause another member or 
members of the HLT Group to, establish, adopt and implement one or more new 
health and welfare benefit Plans that have substantially similar terms, in 
all material respects, to the applicable Brazilian H&W Plan(s).

(ii) PK Group.

(A) Continued Participation in HLT Plans. Subject to consent of the 
applicable insurers or any other applicable third-parties, as needed, 
effective as of the Plan Effective Time, each of the applicable members of 
the PK Group shall remain as participating employers in the Plans listed on 
Schedule 7(b)(ii)(A) (each such Plan, a Continued PK H&W Plan) until no 
later than December 31, 2017 and, in connection therewith, each of the HLT 
Group and the PK Group shall (x) pay their proportional share of the 
administrative and contribution costs associated with each such Continued 
PK H&W Plan during such period and (y) Assume all Liabilities associated 
with each such Continued PK H&W Plan related to HLT Employees, Former HLT 
Employees, PK Employees and Former PK Employees (and any new Employees 
employed by any member of the HLT Group or the PK Group, as applicable, 
after the Distribution Date), respectively. Effective no later than January 
1, 2018, PK shall, or shall cause another member or members of the PK Group 
to, establish, adopt and implement one or more new health and welfare 
benefit Plans that have substantially similar terms, in all material 
respects, to each applicable Continued PK H&W Plan.

(B) Assumption/Establishment of New Plans. Effective as of the Plan 
Effective Time, PK shall, or shall cause another member or members of the 
PK Group to, Assume (I) each health and welfare benefit Plan sponsored or 
maintained by a member of the PK Group as of the Cut-Off Date that is made 
available as of the Cut-Off Date to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees 
in Brazil and South Africa who become PK Employees at PK properties based 
in Brazil and South Africa (such Plans, collectively, the Brazilian and SA 
H&W Plans), all Liabilities associated with the Brazilian and SA H&W Plans 
related to PK Employees and Former PK Employees, whether incurred prior to, 
on or after the Plan Effective Time, and all Assets (including each related 
insurance policy, trust instrument and other related contract or agreement) 
and accrued benefits associated with the Brazilian and SA H&W Plans related 
to PK Employees and Former PK Employees, whether accrued prior to, on or 
after the Plan Effective Time, and (II) (1) a portion of each other health 
and welfare benefit Plan
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
sponsored or maintained by Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date that is made 
available as of the Cut-Off Date to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees 
outside of the United States who become PK Employees at PK properties based 
outside of the United States, including, without limitation, the Plans 
listed on Schedule 7(b)(ii)(B) (collectively, PK Required H&W Plans), (2) 
all Liabilities associated with the PK Required H&W Plans related to PK 
Employees and Former PK Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or after 
the Plan Effective Time, and (3) all Assets (other than those held in an 
insurance policy or those that the PK Employee has the right to elect to 
retain with the applicable insurer) and accrued benefits associated with 
the PK Required H&W Plans related to PK Employees and Former PK Employees, 
whether accrued prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time. On and after 
the Plan Effective Time, no member of the HLT Group or the HGV Group shall 
have any Liabilities related to PK Employees or Former PK Employees under 
the Brazilian and SA H&W Plans or the PK Required H&W Plans. The PK 
Compensation Committee (or its designee) shall establish, adopt and 
implement one or more new health and welfare benefit Plans that have 
substantially similar terms, in all material respects, to the PK Required 
H&W Plans. Following the adoption of such Plans, HLT shall, or shall cause 
another member or members of the HLT Group to, Transfer all Assets (other 
than those held in an insurance policy or those that the PK Employee or 
Former PK Employee has the right to elect to retain with the applicable 
insurer) and Liabilities attributable to PK Employees and Former PK 
Employees under the respective PK Required H&W Plans to each such newly 
adopted Plan. Following such Transfer, no member of the HLT Group or the 
HGV Group shall have any Liabilities related thereto.

(C) UK Group Medical Insurance Plan. Effective as of the Plan Effective 
Time, PK shall, or shall cause another member or members of the PK Group to 
(x) establish, adopt and implement a new group medical insurance Plan to 
provide group medical insurance benefits to PK Employees employed in the 
United Kingdom on substantially similar terms, in all material respects, to 
the terms on which the PK Employees employed in the United Kingdom were 
provided with group medical insurance benefits as of the Cut-Off Date, and, 
if any member of the PK Group provides group medical insurance benefits to 
any new Employees employed by a member of the PK Group in the United 
Kingdom after the Distribution Date, it shall be through the same Plan and 
on the same terms as for PK Employees, and (y) Assume all Liabilities 
associated with such Plan related to PK Employees (and any new Employees 
employed by any member of the PK Group after the Distribution Date who are 
provided with group medical insurance benefits).

(iii) HGV Group.

(A) Continued Participation in HLT Plans. Subject to consent of the 
applicable insurers or any other applicable third-parties, as needed, 
effective as of the Plan Effective Time, each of the applicable members of 
the HGV Group shall remain as participating employers in the Plans listed 
on Schedule 7(b)(iii)(A) (each such Plan, a Continued HGV H&W Plan) until 
no later than December 31, 2017 and, in connection therewith, each of the 
HLT Group and the HGV Group shall (x) pay their proportional share of the 
administrative and contribution costs associated with each such Continued 
HGV H&W Plan during such period and (y) Assume all Liabilities associated 
with each such Continued HGV H&W Plan related to HLT Employees or HGV 
Employees (and any new Employees employed by any member of the HLT Group or 
the HGV Group, as applicable, after the Distribution Date), respectively. 
Effective no
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
later than January 1, 2018, HGV shall, or shall cause another member or 
members of the HGV Group to, establish, adopt and implement one or more new 
health and welfare benefit Plans that have substantially similar terms, in 
all material respects, to each applicable Continued HGV H&W Plan.

(B) Assumption/Establishment of New Plans. Effective as of the Plan 
Effective Time, HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of the 
HGV Group to, Assume (I) each health and welfare benefit Plan sponsored or 
maintained by a member of the HGV Group as of the Cut-Off Date that is made 
available as of the Cut-Off Date to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees 
in Japan who become HGV Employees at HGV properties based in Japan (such 
Plans, the Japanese H&W Plans), all Liabilities associated with the 
Japanese H&W Plans related to HGV Employees and Former HGV Employees, 
whether incurred prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, and all 
Assets (other than those held in an insurance policy or those that the HGV 
Employee or Former HGV Employee has the right to elect to retain with the 
applicable insurer) and accrued benefits associated with the Japanese H&W 
Plans related to HGV Employees and Former HGV Employees, whether accrued 
prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, (II) the group medical 
insurance Plan sponsored and maintained by a member of the HGV Group as of 
the Cut-Off Date that is made available as of the Cut-Off Date to certain 
Pre-Existing Hilton Employees in the United Kingdom who become HGV 
Employees at HGV properties based in the United Kingdom (such Plan, the 
HGV UK Group Medical Plan), all Liabilities associated with the HGV UK 
Group Medical Plan related to HGV Employees and Former HGV Employees, 
whether incurred prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, and all 
Assets (other than those held in an insurance policy or those that the HGV 
Employee or Former HGV Employee has the right to elect to retain with the 
applicable insurer) and accrued benefits associated with the HGV UK Group 
Medical Plan related to HGV Employees and Former HGV Employees, whether 
accrued prior to, on or after the Plan Effective Time, and (III) (1) a 
portion of each other health and welfare benefit Plan sponsored or 
maintained by Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date that is made available as of 
the Cut-Off Date to certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees outside of the 
United States who become HGV Employees at HGV properties based outside of 
the United States (collectively, HGV Required H&W Plans), (2) all 
Liabilities associated with the HGV Required H&W Plans related to HGV 
Employees and Former HGV Employees, whether incurred prior to, on or after 
the Plan Effective Time, and (3) all Assets (other than those held in an 
insurance policy or those that the HGV Employee or Former HGV Employee has 
the right to elect to retain with the applicable insurer) and accrued 
benefits associated with the HGV Required H&W Plans related to HGV 
Employees and Former HGV Employees, whether accrued prior to, on or after 
the Plan Effective Time. On and after the Plan Effective Time, no member of 
the HLT Group or the PK Group shall have any Liabilities related to HGV 
Employees or Former HGV Employees under the Japanese H&W Plans or the HGV 
Required H&W Plans. The HGV Compensation Committee (or its designee) shall 
establish, adopt and implement one or more new health and welfare benefit 
Plans that have substantially similar terms, in all material respects, to 
the HGV Required H&W Plans. Following the adoption of such Plans, HLT 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HLT Group to, 
Transfer all Assets (other than those held in an insurance policy or those 
that the HGV Employee or Former HGV Employees has the right to elect to 
retain with the applicable insurer) and Liabilities attributable to HGV 
Employees and Former HGV Employees under the respective HGV Required H&W 
Plans to each such newly adopted Plan. Following such Transfer, no member 
of the HLT Group or the PK Group shall have any Liabilities related 
thereto.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) Credit. To the extent available under local Law, PK and HGV shall, or 
shall cause another member or members of the PK Group and the HGV Group, as 
applicable, to use commercially reasonable efforts to waive all 
pre-existing condition exclusions and actively-at-work requirements for 
each Non-US health and welfare benefit Plan in which such PK Employees and 
HGV Employees were participating as of the Cut-Off Date or the effective 
date of such new Plan, as applicable.

(A) PK and HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of the PK 
Group and the HGV Group, as applicable, to provide credit for expenses 
incurred by such PK Employees and HGV Employees and their respective 
eligible dependents during the portion of the plan year that includes the 
Distribution Date for purposes of satisfying all deductible, coinsurance 
and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to each such Employee.

(B) For purposes of this Section 7, a claim or Liability is deemed to be 
incurred (i) with respect to medical, dental, vision and/or prescription 
drug benefits, upon the rendering of health services giving rise to such 
claim or Liability; (ii) with respect to life insurance, accidental death 
and dismemberment and business travel accident insurance, upon the 
occurrence of the event giving rise to such claim or Liability; (iii) with 
respect to disability benefits, upon the date of an Employees disability, 
as determined by the disability benefit insurance carrier or claim 
administrator, giving rise to such claim or Liability; and (iv) with 
respect to a period of continuous hospitalization, upon the date of 
admission to the hospital.

8. SEVERANCE PLANS. (a) US Plans. (i) Effective as of the Plan Effective 
Time, HLT shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HLT Group 
to, Assume (x) each severance plan sponsored or maintained by Hilton as of 
the Cut-Off Date that is made available to certain Pre-Existing Hilton 
Employees in the United States (or on temporary assignment outside the 
United States, if applicable) as of the Cut-Off Date, including, without 
limitation, the Plans listed on Schedule 8(a)(i) (collectively, the 
Hilton Severance Plans), (y) all Liabilities associated with the Hilton 
Severance Plans related to HLT Employees as of the Plan Effective Time, and 
(z) all accrued benefits associated with the Hilton Severance Plans related 
to HLT Employees as of the Plan Effective Time. Effective as of the Plan 
Effective Time, (I) HLT shall, or shall cause another member or members of 
the HLT Group to, Assume all Liabilities associated with the Hilton 
Severance Plans related to Former Hilton Employees, (II) PK shall, or shall 
cause another member or members of the PK Group to, Assume all Liabilities 
associated with the Hilton Severance Plans related to Former PK Employees, 
and (III) HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HGV 
Group to, Assume all Liabilities associated with the Hilton Severance Plans 
related to Former HGV Employees.

(ii) On or after the Plan Effective Time, PK and/or HGV may establish, 
adopt and implement one or more new severance Plans in the United States, 
the terms and conditions of which shall be determined by the PK 
Compensation Committee (or its designee) and/or the HGV Compensation 
Committee (or its designee), as applicable.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) The Parties agree that transfers of employment in connection with the 
Distribution shall not be treated as terminations of employment under any 
Hilton Severance Plan and all severance benefits payable on and after the 
Plan Effective Time related to HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV 
Employees (and any new Employees employed by any member of the HLT Group, 
the PK Group and the HGV Group after the Distribution Date) shall be paid 
under the applicable Hilton Severance Plan or, upon adoption following the 
Distribution Date, the new PK Group severance Plan or HGV Group severance 
Plan, as applicable.

(b) Non-US Plans. HLT, PK and HGV shall, or shall cause another member or 
members of the HLT Group, the PK Group and the HGV Group, as applicable, to 
provide severance or end of service benefits (Non-US Severance), as 
applicable, to their respective Employees to the extent required by 
applicable Law and Assume all such Liabilities related to HLT Employees, PK 
Employees and HGV Employees, as applicable. Effective as of the Plan 
Effective Time, (i) HLT shall, or shall cause another member or members of 
the HLT Group to, Assume all Liabilities associated with Non-US Severance 
related to Former Hilton Employees, (ii) PK shall, or shall cause another 
member or members of the PK Group to, Assume all Liabilities associated 
with Non-US Severance related to Former PK Employees, and (iii) HGV shall, 
or shall cause another member or members of the HGV Group to, Assume all 
Liabilities associated with Non-US Severance related to Former HGV 
Employees.

9. PAID TIME OFF. (a) Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HLT shall, 
or shall cause another member or members of the HLT Group to, Assume each 
US and non-US paid time off Plan sponsored or maintained by Hilton as of 
the Cut-Off Date that is made available to Pre-Existing Hilton Employees as 
of the Cut-Off Date who become HLT Employees (such Plans, the Hilton PTO 
Plans) and all Liabilities associated with the Hilton PTO Plans related to 
HLT Employees as of the Plan Effective Time. On and after the Plan 
Effective Time, no member of the PK Group or the HGV Group shall have any 
Liabilities related to HLT Employees under the Hilton PTO Plans.

(b) Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, PK shall, or shall cause 
another member or members of the PK Group to, establish, adopt and 
implement one or more new US and non-US paid time off Plans (each such 
Plan, a PK PTO Plan), the terms and conditions of which shall be 
determined by one or more members of the PK Group, taking into account the 
terms and conditions of the corresponding Hilton PTO Plan. Effective as of 
the Plan Effective Time, PK shall, or shall cause another member or members 
of the PK Group to, Assume all Liabilities related to PK Employees under 
the applicable Hilton PTO Plan. On and after the Plan Effective Time, no 
member of the HLT Group or the HGV Group shall have any Liabilities related 
thereto.

(c) Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HGV shall, or shall cause 
another member or members of the HGV Group to, establish, adopt and 
implement one or more new US and non-US paid time off plans (each such 
Plan, a HGV PTO Plan), the terms and conditions of which shall be 
determined by one or more members of the HGV Group, taking into account the 
terms and conditions of the corresponding Hilton PTO Plan. Effective as of 
the Plan Effective Time, HGV shall, or shall cause another member or 
members of the HGV Group to, Assume all Liabilities related to HGV 
Employees under the applicable Hilton PTO Plan. On and after the Plan 
Effective Time, no member of the HLT Group or the PK Group shall have any 
Liabilities related thereto.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Unless otherwise required by applicable Law, the Parties agree that 
transfers of employment in connection with the Distribution shall not be 
treated as terminations of employment under any Hilton PTO Plan, PK PTO 
Plan or HGV PTO Plan and all paid time off benefits accrued under any 
Hilton PTO Plan as of the Plan Effective Time related to HLT Employees, PK 
Employees and HGV Employees shall remain with the applicable Hilton PTO 
Plan or transfer to a PK PTO Plan or HGV PTO Plan, as applicable.

(e) To the extent that any member of the HLT Group, PK Group or HGV Group 
(such member, the Paying Entity) is required to pay any amounts relating 
to paid time off benefits associated with HLT Employees, PK Employees or 
HGV Employees who are not Employees of the Paying Entity as of the 
Distribution Date in connection with the Distribution, the employing entity 
agrees to reimburse the Paying Entity for such amounts.

10. PERQUISITES. (a) TMTP/Go Hilton. Effective as of the Plan Effective 
Time, HGV Employees and PK Employees (and any new Employees employed by any 
member of the HGV Group and the PK Group after the Distribution Date) shall 
continue to be eligible to participate in the Go Hilton Program, as amended 
from time to time in the HLT Groups sole discretion (the Program), 
subject to annual review of such participation by the HLT Group and, in the 
case of HGV Employees (and any new Employees employed by any member of the 
HGV Group), payment of any annual participation fees assessed by the HLT 
Group, in its sole discretion, if any. HGV and PK participation in the 
Program is subject to the terms and conditions of reciprocity agreement(s) 
between a member of the HLT Group and a member of the HGV Group or the PK 
Group, as applicable, and reciprocal loading of HGV and PK inventory to be 
centrally managed by the HLT Go Hilton team. Such participation is intended 
to qualify as a fringe benefit excludible from gross income of HLT 
Employees, HGV Employees and PK Employees (and any new Employees employed 
by any member of the HLT Group, PK Group and the HGV Group after the 
Distribution Date) under Section 132(a) of the Code. This Agreement and any 
reciprocity agreement(s) shall each constitute a reciprocal agreement 
between HLT and HGV and HLT and PK, as applicable, within the meaning of 
Section 132(i) of the Code and each of HLT, PK and HGV shall, or shall 
cause another member or members of the HLT Group, the PK Group and the HGV 
Group to, execute such further documentation as may be required for tax 
purposes or otherwise necessary to effect such arrangement.

(b) HGV Discount Program. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HLT 
Employees shall be permitted to continue to participate in the discount 
program offered by the HGV Group with respect to purchases of HGV inventory 
if so requested in writing by one or more members of the HLT Group and PK 
Employees shall no longer participate in such discount program.

(c) HLT Non-US Perquisites. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HLT 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HLT Group to, 
Assume, establish, adopt and implement, as applicable, one or more new 
perquisite policies covering HLT Employees (and any new Employees employed 
by any member of the HLT Group after the Distribution Date) outside of the 
United States, the terms and conditions of which shall be determined by the 
HLT Compensation Committee (or its designee), taking into account the terms 
and conditions of the perquisite policy sponsored or maintained by Hilton 
as of the Cut-Off Date that is made available to certain Pre-Existing 
Hilton Employees outside of the United States as of the Cut-Off Date
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(such plans, the Hilton Non-US Perk Plans). In connection with the 
foregoing, effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HLT shall, or shall 
cause another member or members of the HLT Group to, Assume all Liabilities 
associated with the Hilton Non-US Perk Plans related to HLT Employees and 
Former Hilton Employees. Following the Plan Effective Time, no member of 
the PK Group or the HGV Group shall have any Liabilities related to HLT 
Employees or Former Hilton Employees under the Hilton Non-US Perk Plans.

(d) PK Non-US Perquisites. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, PK 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the PK Group to, 
establish, adopt and implement, as applicable, one or more new perquisite 
policies covering eligible PK Employees (and any new Employees employed by 
any member of the PK Group after the Distribution Date) outside of the 
United States, the terms and conditions of which shall be determined by the 
PK Compensation Committee (or its designee), taking into account the terms 
and conditions of the corresponding Hilton Non-US Perk Plan. Effective as 
of the Plan Effective Time, PK shall, or shall cause another member or 
members of the PK Group to, Assume all Liabilities associated with the 
Hilton Non-US Perk Plans related to PK Employees and Former PK Employees.

(e) HGV Non-US Perquisites. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HGV 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HGV Group to, 
establish, adopt and implement, as applicable, one or more new perquisite 
policies covering eligible HGV Employees (and any new Employees employed by 
any member of the HGV Group after the Distribution Date) outside of the 
United States, the terms and conditions of which shall be determined by the 
HGV Compensation Committee (or its designee), taking into account the terms 
and conditions of the corresponding Hilton Non-US Perk Plan. Effective as 
of the Plan Effective Time, HGV shall, or shall cause another member or 
members of the HGV Group to, Assume all Liabilities associated with the 
Hilton Non-US Perk Plans related to HGV Employees and Former HGV Employees.

11. CASH BONUS PLANS. (a) General. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, 
HLT shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HLT Group to, 
Assume each cash bonus Plan sponsored or maintained by Hilton as of the 
Cut-Off Date that is made available to certain Pre-Existing Hilton 
Employees as of the Cut-Off Date, including, without limitation, the Hilton 
2016 corporate and hotel operations (general managers and hotel management) 
and hotel sales incentive Plans other than the 2016 Assumed HGV Plans (as 
defined below) (such Plans, the Hilton Bonus Plans) and all Assets and 
Liabilities with respect to the bonus amounts earned (or to be earned) 
under the Hilton Bonus Plans based on the performance of Hilton for the 
period beginning on January 1, 2016 and ending on December 31, 2016 with 
respect to HLT Employees and Former Hilton Employees. Such bonus amounts, 
if any, shall be paid, following the determination and certification by the 
HLT Compensation Committee (or its designee), by a member of the HLT Group 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable Hilton Bonus 
Plan.

(b) HGV Cash Bonus Plans. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, HGV 
shall, or shall cause another member or members of the HGV Group to, Assume 
each cash bonus Plan sponsored or maintained by Vacations as of the Cut-Off 
Date in respect of the 2016 fiscal year (the 2016 Assumed HGV Plans) and 
all Assets and Liabilities with respect to bonus amounts earned under the 
2016 Assumed HGV Plans based on the performance of the HGV
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Group for the period commencing on January 1, 2016 and ending on December 
31, 2016 (CY 2016) with respect to HGV Employees and Former HGV 
Employees, as determined and certified by the HGV Compensation Committee 
(or its designee). Such bonus amounts, if any, shall be paid by a member of 
the HGV Group in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable 
2016 Assumed HGV Plan.

(c) 2016 PK and HGV Cash Bonuses. Effective as of the Plan Effective Time, 
each of PK and HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of the 
PK Group and HGV Group, as applicable, to, Assume all Liabilities 
associated with bonuses for CY 2016 under the Hilton Bonus Plans related to 
PK Employees and HGV Employees, as applicable. Such bonus amounts, if any, 
shall be paid, following the determination and certification by the HLT 
Compensation Committee (or its designee), by a member of the PK Group or 
the HGV Group, as applicable, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the applicable Hilton Bonus Plan.

12. EQUITY-BASED AWARDS. (a) General. Effective as of the Plan Effective 
Time, HLT shall Assume each equity-based incentive plan sponsored or 
maintained by Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date that is made available to 
certain Pre-Existing Hilton Employees as of the Cut-Off Date, including, 
without limitation, the HLT 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the OIP) and all 
Assets and Liabilities associated with such plans related to Former 
Employees, HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees, whether incurred 
prior to, on or following the Plan Effective Time. Following the Plan 
Effective Time, no member of the PK Group or the HGV Group shall have any 
Liabilities related to HLT Employees or Former Employees under such plans. 
Employees who separate from service with Hilton prior to the Plan Effective 
Time and whose awards are subject to continued vesting under the retirement 
eligibility provisions of the OIP and the award agreements thereunder shall 
be treated as HLT Employees regardless of their roles with Hilton prior to 
the Plan Effective Time.

(b) New PK and HGV Plans. (i) Effective not later than the Plan Effective 
Time, PK shall have adopted (x) the Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. 2017 Omnibus 
Incentive Plan (the PK OIP), which shall permit the issuance of 
equity-based and cash-based incentive awards denominated in PK Common Stock 
and (y) the Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. 2017 Stock Plan for Non-Employee 
Directors, which shall permit the issuance of equity-based awards 
denominated in PK Common Stock (the PK Director Plan). HLT shall cause 
the PK OIP and the PK Director Plan to both be approved prior to the Plan 
Effective Time by HLT, as PKs sole stockholder.

(ii) Effective not later than the Plan Effective Time, HGV shall have 
adopted (x) the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
(the HGV OIP), which shall permit the issuance of equity-based and 
cash-based incentive awards denominated in HGV Common Stock and (y) the 
Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors, 
which shall permit the issuance of equity-based awards denominated in HGV 
Common Stock (the HGV Director Plan). HLT shall cause the HGV OIP and the 
HGV Director Plan to both be approved prior to the Plan Effective Time by 
HLT, as HGVs sole stockholder.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) No individual awards (other than as expressly contemplated below) 
shall be granted under the PK OIP, the PK Director Plan, the HGV OIP or the 
HGV Director Plan until after the Distribution Date with any such awards at 
the discretion of the PK Board, the PK Compensation Committee, the HGV 
Board or the HGV Compensation Committee, as applicable.

(c) Treatment of Equity-Based Awards. (i) Equity-based awards granted under 
the OIP based on HLT Common Stock held by HLT Employees, Former Employees, 
HLT non-employee Board members and PK Employees who serve as General 
Managers at Hilton-branded PK properties outside of the United States (PK 
Non-US GMs) shall remain outstanding under the OIP and be adjusted, 
effective as of the Distribution Date, in accordance with the terms of the 
OIP in a manner as determined by the HLT Compensation Committee, to reflect 
the impact of the Distribution, but shall otherwise remain subject to the 
same general terms and conditions, including vesting schedule, as the 
original awards.

(ii) Equity-based awards granted under the OIP based on HLT Common Stock 
held by PK Employees (other than PK Non-US GMs) shall be converted, 
effective as of the Distribution Date, into awards under the PK OIP with 
equivalent value based on, and settled in, PK Common Stock but shall 
otherwise remain subject to the same general terms and conditions, 
including vesting schedule, as the original awards, except as expressly 
provided for below.

(iii) Equity-based awards granted under the OIP based on HLT Common Stock 
held by HGV Employees shall be converted, effective as of the Distribution 
Date, into awards under the HGV OIP with equivalent value based on, and 
settled in, HGV Common Stock but shall otherwise remain subject to the same 
general terms and conditions, including vesting schedule, as the original 
awards, except as expressly provided for below.

(iv) Performance-based awards granted in 2014 under the OIP held by PK 
Employees shall be converted, effective as of the Distribution Date, into 
awards under the PK OIP with equivalent value based on, and settled in, PK 
Common Stock but shall otherwise remain subject to the same general terms 
and conditions, including vesting schedule, as the original awards. As soon 
as practicable following the determination by the HLT Compensation 
Committee as to whether and to what extent the performance conditions have 
been satisfied with respect to such performance-based awards, HLT or 
another member of the HLT Group shall notify PK or another member of the PK 
Group of such determination.

(v) Performance-based awards granted in 2014 under the OIP held by HGV 
Employees shall be converted, effective as of the Distribution Date, into 
awards under the HGV OIP with equivalent value based on, and settled in, 
HGV Common Stock but shall otherwise remain subject to the same general 
terms and conditions, including vesting schedule, as the original awards. 
As soon as practicable following the determination by the HLT Compensation 
Committee as to whether and to what extent the performance conditions have 
been satisfied with respect to such performance-based awards, HLT or 
another member of the HLT Group shall notify HGV or another member of the 
HGV Group of such determination.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(vi) Performance-based awards granted in 2015 and 2016 under the OIP held 
by HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees shall be converted into 
time vesting awards, effective as of the Distribution Date, based on a 
performance level determined by the HLT Compensation Committee and, subject 
to continued employment, shall vest on the date that the applicable 
performance period would have otherwise ended, be settled in shares of HLT 
Common Stock, PK Common Stock or HGV Common Stock, as applicable, and 
otherwise remain subject to the same general terms and conditions as the 
original awards.

(d) PK and HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of the PK 
Group or the HGV Group to, Assume all Liabilities related to any cash 
long-term incentive awards granted under the OIP by HLT to PK Employees and 
HGV Employees, respectively, whether incurred prior to, on or following the 
Distribution Date. On and after the Distribution Date, no member of the HLT 
Group shall have any Liabilities related thereto.

(e) All of the adjustments and conversions described in this Section 12 
shall be effected in accordance with Sections 424 and 409A of the Code, as 
applicable.

(f) The Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain 
effective registration statements with the SEC with respect to the awards 
described in this Section 12, to the extent any such registration statement 
is required by applicable Law.

13. COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS. (a) HLT Collective Bargaining 
Agreements. HLT or another member or members of the HLT Group shall 
expressly Assume all collective bargaining or other labor agreements which 
relate to the HLT Retained Business, including, without limitation, those 
so identified on Schedule 13(a) (such agreements, the HLT CBAs) and 
associated Liabilities, in each case, effective as of the Distribution 
Date. For each such HLT CBA in effect as of the Distribution Date, HLT or 
another member or members of the HLT Group, as applicable, agrees to 
recognize the union which is a party to each such HLT CBA as the exclusive 
collective bargaining representative for the HLT Employees covered under 
the terms of each such HLT CBA. PK shall, or shall cause another member or 
members of the PK Group to, at the request of HLT, execute all Owners 
Letters and take all other actions necessary for HLTs and/or PKs 
compliance with any collective bargaining agreement or other labor 
agreement identified on Schedule 13(a) or Schedule 13(c).

(b) PK Collective Bargaining Agreements. PK or a member of the PK Group 
shall expressly Assume all collective bargaining or other labor agreements 
so identified on Schedule 13(b) (such agreements, the PK CBAs) and 
associated Liabilities, in each case, effective as of the Distribution 
Date. For each such PK CBA in effect as of the Distribution Date, PK or 
another member or members of the PK Group agrees to recognize the union 
which is a party to each such PK CBA as the exclusive collective bargaining 
representative for the PK Employees covered under the terms of each such PK 
CBA.

(c) HGV Collective Bargaining Agreements. HGV or a member of the HGV Group 
shall expressly Assume all collective bargaining or other labor agreements 
so identified on Schedule 13(c) (such agreements, the HGV CBAs) and 
associated Liabilities, in each case, effective as of the Distribution 
Date. For each such HGV CBA in effect as of the Distribution Date, HGV or 
another member or members of the HGV Group agrees to recognize the union
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
which is a party to each such HGV CBA as the exclusive collective 
bargaining representative for the HGV Employees covered under the terms of 
each such HGV CBA. HGV shall, or shall cause another member or members of 
the HGV Group to, at the request of HLT, execute all Owners Letters and 
take all other actions necessary to HLTs and/or HGVs compliance with any 
collective bargaining agreement or other labor agreement identified on 
Schedule 13(a) or Schedule 13(c).

(d) EU Directive. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 
13, in countries in which the European Union Acquired Rights Directive 
applies, collective bargaining agreements and any other agreements with 
employee representatives shall continue to apply after the Distribution 
Date to the extent and in the manner provided for by local Law.

14. TRANSITION SERVICES. Each of HLT, PK and HGV and the members of their 
respective Groups shall provide such transition services as required by the 
Transition Services Agreement.

15. ACCESS TO INFORMATION AND DATA EXCHANGE. (a) Provision of Corporate 
Records. (i) Consistent with Section 8.3 of the Distribution Agreement, 
upon the prior written request by PK or HGV for specific and identified 
agreements, documents, books, records or files including, without 
limitation, computer files, microfiche, tape recordings and photographs 
(collectively, Records), relating to or affecting PK or HGV, as 
applicable, HLT shall arrange, as soon as reasonably practicable following 
the receipt of such request, for the provision of appropriate copies of 
such Records (or the originals thereof if the Party making the request has 
a reasonable need for such originals) in the possession of HLT or any of 
its Subsidiaries.

(ii) After the Distribution Date, upon the prior written request by HLT or 
PK for specific and identified Records relating to or affecting HLT or PK, 
as applicable, HGV shall arrange, as soon as practicable following the 
receipt of such request, for the provision of appropriate copies of such 
Records (or the originals thereof if the Party making the request has a 
need for such originals) in the possession of HGV or any of its 
Subsidiaries.

(iii) After the Distribution Date, upon the prior written request by HLT or 
HGV for specific and identified Records relating to or affecting HLT or 
HGV, as applicable, PK shall arrange, as soon as practicable following the 
receipt of such request, for the provision of appropriate copies of such 
Records (or the originals thereof if the Party making the request has a 
need for such originals) in the possession of PK or any of its 
Subsidiaries.

(b) Access to Information. (i) From and after the Distribution Date and 
consistent with Section 8.3 of the Distribution Agreement, each of HLT, PK 
and HGV shall afford to the other and its authorized accountants, counsel 
and other designated representatives reasonable access during normal 
business hours, subject to the appropriate restrictions for classified, 
privileged or confidential information, to the personnel, properties, books 
and Records of such Party and its Subsidiaries insofar as such access is 
reasonably required by the other Party.
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (i), except as 
otherwise provided by applicable Law, each Party shall furnish, or shall 
cause to be furnished to the other Parties, a list of all benefit plan 
participants and employee data or information in its possession which is 
necessary for such other Parties to maintain and implement any benefit plan 
or arrangement covered by this Agreement, or to comply with the provisions 
of this Agreement, and which is not otherwise readily available to such 
other Party.

(c) Reimbursement; Other Matters. (i) Except to the extent otherwise 
specifically identified by the Distribution Agreement or any Ancillary 
Agreement, a Party providing Records or access to information to the other 
Party under this Section 15 shall be entitled to receive from the 
recipient, upon the presentation of invoices therefore, payments for such 
amounts, relating to supplies, disbursements and other out-of-pocket 
expenses, as may be reasonably incurred in providing such Records or access 
to information.

(ii) The Parties shall comply with those document retention policies, cost 
sharing arrangements, expense reimbursement procedures and request 
procedures as shall be established and agreed to in writing by their 
respective authorized officers on or prior to the Distribution Date in 
respect of Records and related matters.

(d) Confidentiality. Each of HLT, PK and HGV shall, or shall cause another 
member or members of the HLT Group, the PK Group, and the HGV Group to, not 
use or permit the use of (without the prior written consent of the other) 
and shall hold, and shall cause its consultants and advisors to hold, in 
strict confidence, all information concerning the other Parties in its 
possession, its custody or under its control (except to the extent that (A) 
such information has been in the public domain through no fault of such 
Party, (B) such information has been later lawfully acquired from other 
sources by such Party, or (C) as may be required under the USA Patriot Act) 
to the extent such information (x) relates to the period up to the Plan 
Effective Time, (y) relates to the Distribution Agreement or any Ancillary 
Agreement or (z) is obtained in the course of performing services for the 
other Party pursuant to the Distribution Agreement or any Ancillary 
Agreement, and each Party shall not (without the prior written consent of 
the other) otherwise release or disclose such information to any other 
Person, except such Partys auditors and attorneys, unless compelled to 
disclose such information by judicial or administrative process or unless 
such disclosure is required by Law and such Party has used commercially 
reasonable efforts to consult with the other affected Party or Parties 
prior to such disclosure. To the extent that a Party is compelled by 
judicial or administrative process to disclose such information under 
circumstances in which any evidentiary privilege would be available, such 
Party agrees to assert such privilege in good faith prior to making such 
disclosure. Each of the Parties agrees to consult with each relevant other 
Party in connection with any such judicial or administrative process, 
including, without limitation, in determining whether any privilege is 
available, and further agrees to allow each such relevant Party and its 
counsel to participate in any hearing or other proceeding (including, 
without limitation, any appeal of an initial order to disclose) in respect 
of such disclosure and assertion of privilege. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained herein, each Party shall be entitled to use 
information disclosed pursuant to this Agreement to the extent reasonably 
necessary for the administration of its employee benefit plans in 
accordance with applicable Law.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Audit Rights with Respect to Information Provided. Each of the Parties 
and their duly authorized representatives shall have the right to conduct 
reasonable audits with respect to all information provided to it by the 
other Party. The Parties shall cooperate to determine the procedures and 
guidelines for conducting audits under this Section 15(e), which shall 
require reasonable advance notice by the auditing Party. The auditing Party 
shall have the right to make copies of any records at its expense, subject 
to applicable Law.

16. NOTICES; COOPERATION. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, all actions contemplated herein with respect to benefit plans 
which are to be consummated pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to 
such notices to, and/or approvals by, the Internal Revenue Service (or 
other Governmental Entity) as are required or deemed appropriate by such 
benefit plans sponsor. Each of HLT, PK and HGV agrees to use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such notices and/or approvals 
to be filed or obtained, as the case may be, in a timely fashion. Each 
Party shall reasonably cooperate with the other Parties with respect to any 
Governmental Approvals, employee notices or any other actions reasonably 
necessary to maintain and implement the employee benefit arrangements 
covered by this Agreement.

17. FURTHER ASSURANCES. From time to time, as and when reasonably requested 
by any other Party, each Party shall execute and deliver, or cause to be 
executed and delivered, all such documents and instruments and shall take, 
or cause to be taken, all such further or other actions as such other Party 
may reasonably deem necessary or desirable to effect the purposes of this 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder.

18. INDEMNIFICATION. (a) Indemnification by HLT. Except as otherwise 
specifically set forth in this Agreement or in Article VII of the 
Distribution Agreement, following the Plan Effective Time, HLT shall, and 
shall cause the other members of the HLT Group to, indemnify, defend and 
hold harmless the Ownership Indemnitees and the Timeshare Indemnitees from 
and against any and all Indemnifiable Losses of the Ownership Indemnitees 
and the Timeshare Indemnitees, respectively, arising out of, by reason of 
or otherwise in connection with (i) any HLT Plan, (ii) any and all 
Liabilities relating primarily to, arising primarily out of or resulting 
primarily from the operation or conduct of any US DB Plan, UK DB Plan or 
Terminated Hilton DB Plan or any individual identified as an HLT Employee 
(and any new Employees employed by any member of the HLT Group after the 
Distribution Date), and (iii) the breach by HLT of any provision of this 
Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, HLT and OpCo shall be jointly 
and severally liable to any of the Ownership Indemnitees for any and all 
Indemnifiable Losses of the Ownership Indemnitees arising out of, by reason 
of or otherwise in connection with the foregoing.

(b) Indemnification by PK. Except as otherwise specifically set forth in 
this Agreement or in Article VII of the Distribution Agreement, following 
the Plan Effective Time, PK shall, and shall cause the other members of the 
PK Group to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Managing and 
Franchising Indemnitees and the Timeshare Indemnitees from and against any 
and all Indemnifiable Losses of the Management and Franchising Indemnitees 
and the Timeshare Indemnitees, respectively, arising out of, by reason of 
or otherwise in connection with (i) any PK Plan, (ii) any and all 
Liabilities relating primarily to, arising primarily out of or resulting 
primarily from the operation or conduct of any Plan sponsored or maintained 
by any
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
member of the PK Group prior to the Distribution Date primarily for the 
benefit of PK Employees and Former PK Employees or any individual 
identified as a PK Employee (and any new Employees employed by any member 
of the PK Group after the Distribution Date), or (iii) the breach by PK of 
any provision of this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, any and 
all payments by PK or any other members of the PK Group in respect of 
Indemnifiable Losses of the Managing and Franchising Indemnitees arising 
out of, by reason of or otherwise in connection with the foregoing shall be 
made directly to OpCo or one of its Subsidiaries.

(c) Indemnification by HGV. Except as otherwise specifically set forth in 
this Agreement or in Article VII of the Distribution Agreement, following 
the Plan Effective Time, HGV shall, and shall cause the other members of 
the HGV Group to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Managing and 
Franchising Indemnitees and the Ownership Indemnitees from and against any 
and all Indemnifiable Losses of the Managing and Franchising Indemnitees 
and the Ownership Indemnitees, respectively, arising out of, by reason of 
or otherwise in connection with (i) any HGV Plan, (ii) any and all 
Liabilities relating primarily to, arising primarily out of or resulting 
primarily from the operation or conduct of any Plan sponsored or maintained 
by Vacations prior to the Distribution Date or any individual identified as 
a HGV Employee (and any new Employees employed by any member of the HGV 
Group after the Distribution Date), or (iii) the breach by HGV of any 
provision of this Agreement.

(d) Limitations on Indemnification Obligations. (i) The amount that any 
Party (an Indemnifying Party) is or may be required to pay to any other 
Person (an Indemnitee) pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this 
Section 18, as applicable, shall be reduced (retroactively or 
prospectively) by any Insurance Proceeds or other amounts actually 
recovered by or on behalf of such Indemnitee in respect of the related 
Indemnifiable Loss. If an Indemnitee shall have received the payment 
required by this Agreement from an Indemnifying Party in respect of an 
Indemnifiable Loss and shall subsequently actually receive Insurance 
Proceeds or other amounts in respect of such Indemnifiable Loss, then such 
Indemnitee shall pay to such Indemnifying Party a sum equal to the amount 
of such Insurance Proceeds or other amounts actually received, up to the 
aggregate amount of any payments received from such Indemnifying Party 
pursuant to this Agreement in respect of such Indemnifiable Loss.

(ii) An Indemnifying Party shall not be required to indemnify or pay an 
Indemnitee pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 18, as 
applicable, for any Indemnifiable Losses relating to or associated with any 
Plan of the Indemnifying Party arising out of, by reason of or otherwise in 
connection with any act or failure to act on the part of such Indemnitee 
(including for this purpose any Subsidiaries, businesses or operations 
which become associated with the Indemnitee by virtue of or in connection 
with the Distribution) with respect to or in connection with such Plan, 
including, without limitation, any such act or failure to act in connection 
with the administration by the Indemnitee of such Plan.

(e) Survival of Indemnities. The obligations of HLT, PK and HGV under this 
Section 18 shall survive the sale or other Transfer by any of them of any 
assets or businesses or the assignment by any of them of any Liabilities, 
with respect to any Indemnifiable Loss of the other related to such assets, 
businesses or Liabilities.
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) REIT Status Considerations. The principles of Section 7.9(c) of the 
Distribution Agreement shall apply to indemnification payments due under 
this Agreement.

19. DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(a) Negotiation. In the event of a dispute arising out of or in connection 
with this Agreement (including its interpretation, performance or validity) 
(collectively, Agreement Disputes), the general counsels of the relevant 
Parties (or such other individuals designated thereby) shall negotiate for 
a maximum of 21 days (or a mutually-agreed extension) (such period of days, 
the Negotiation Period) from the time of receipt by a Party of written 
notice of such Agreement Dispute. The relevant Parties shall not assert the 
defenses of statute of limitations and laches for any delays arising due to 
the procedures in Section 19(a) or Section 19(b).

(b) Mediation. If the Parties have not timely resolved the Agreement 
Dispute under Section 19(a), the Parties agree to submit the Agreement 
Dispute to mediation no later than 10 days following the end of the 
Negotiation Period, with such mediation conducted in accordance with the 
Mediation Procedure of the International Institute for Conflict Prevention 
and Resolution (CPR). The Parties to the Agreement Dispute agree to bear 
equally the CPR and mediators costs. The Parties agree to participate in 
good faith in the mediation for a maximum of 14 days (or a mutually agreed 
extension). If the Parties have not timely resolved the Agreement Dispute 
pursuant to this Section 19(b), either Party may then bring an action in 
accordance with Sections 21(r) and 21(s) herein.

(c ) Confidentiality. All information and communications between the 
Parties relating to an Agreement Dispute and/or under the procedures in 
Sections 19(a) and 19(b) shall be considered Confidential Information for 
which the provisions of Section 15(d) herein apply.

(d ) Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the Parties shall continue to 
perform under this Agreement during the course of dispute resolution under 
this Section 19 with respect to all matters not subject thereto.

20. PAYROLL REPORTING AND TAX WITHHOLDING. (a) Form W-2 Reporting. The 
Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to follow the 
alternate procedure for United States employment tax withholding as 
provided in Section 5 of Rev. Proc. 2004-53, I.R.B. 2004-35.

(b) Garnishments, Tax Levies, Child Support orders and Wage Assignments. 
With respect to Employees with garnishments, tax levies, child support 
orders and wage assignments in effect with Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date, 
PK and HGV, as the successor employers to each such PK Employee and HGV 
Employee, as applicable, shall, or shall cause another member of the PK 
Group or the HGV Group, as applicable, to honor such payroll deduction 
authorizations and shall continue to make payroll deductions and payments 
to the authorized payee, as specified by the court or governmental order 
which was filed with Hilton. HLT shall, or shall cause another member of 
the HLT Group to provide each of PK and HGV with a list of the PK Employees 
and HGV Employees who have garnishments, tax levies, child support orders 
and wage assignments in effect as of the Cut-Off Date.
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Authorization for Payroll Deductions. Unless otherwise prohibited by 
this Agreement, another Ancillary Agreement, a Plan document or applicable 
Law, with respect to Employees with authorizations for payroll deductions 
and direct deposits in effect with Hilton as of the Cut-Off Date, PK and 
HGV, as the successor employers, shall, or shall cause another member or 
members of the PK Group and the HGV Group, as applicable, to honor such 
payroll deduction authorizations relating to each PK Employee and HGV 
Employee, as applicable, and shall not require that such PK Employee or HGV 
Employee, as applicable, submit a new authorization to the extent that the 
type of deduction by PK or HGV, as applicable, does not differ from that 
made by Hilton.

21. MISCELLANEOUS. (a) Complete Agreement; Construction. This Agreement, 
including any schedules hereto and the Distribution Agreement, shall 
constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and shall supersede all previous negotiations, 
commitments, course of dealings and writings with respect to such subject 
matter. In the event and to the extent that there shall be a conflict 
between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the 
Distribution Agreement, this Agreement shall control unless specifically 
stated otherwise in this Agreement. In the event and to the extent that 
there shall be a conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the 
provisions of any other Ancillary Agreement, this Agreement shall control 
unless specifically stated otherwise in this Agreement.

(b) Data Privacy. The Parties agree that any applicable data privacy Laws 
and any other obligations of the HLT Group, PK Group and the HGV Group to 
maintain the confidentiality of any employee information or information 
held by any Plan in accordance with applicable Law shall govern the 
disclosure of employee information among the Parties under this Agreement. 
The Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to have in place 
appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the 
personal data of the HLT Employees, PK Employees and HGV Employees.

(c) Ancillary Agreements. Except as expressly set forth herein, this 
Agreement is not intended to address, and should not be interpreted to 
address, the matters specifically and expressly covered by any other 
Ancillary Agreement.

(d) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in more than one 
counterpart, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, 
and shall become effective when one or more such counterparts have been 
signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties.

(e) Survival of Agreements. Except as otherwise contemplated by this 
Agreement, all covenants and agreements of the Parties contained in this 
Agreement shall survive the Plan Effective Time and remain in full force 
and effect in accordance with their applicable terms.

(f) Expenses. All out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred, or to be 
incurred and directly related to the transactions contemplated hereby shall 
be paid as described in Section 11.5 of the Distribution Agreement.
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other 
communications under this Agreement shall be made as described in Section 
11.6 of the Distribution Agreement.

(h) Consents. Any consent required or permitted to be given by any Party to 
the other Parties under this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by 
the Party giving such consent and shall be effective only against such 
Party (and its Group).

(i) Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assignable, in whole or in 
part, directly or indirectly, by any Party without the prior written 
consent of the other Parties (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), 
and any attempt to assign any rights or obligations arising under this 
Agreement without such consent shall be void. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, this Agreement shall be assignable in whole in connection with a 
merger or consolidation or the sale of all or substantially all the assets 
of a Party so long as the resulting, surviving or transferee Business 
Entity assumes all the obligations of the relevant Party by operation of 
Law or pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the other Parties. No assignment permitted by this Section 
21(i) shall release the assigning Party from liability for the full 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

(j) Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement and the 
obligations and rights hereunder shall be binding upon, inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by (and against) the Parties and their 
respective successors and permitted transferees and assigns.

(k) Termination and Amendment. This Agreement may be terminated, amended, 
or modified and the Distribution may be amended, modified or abandoned at 
any time prior to the Effective Time by and in the sole discretion of HLT 
without the approval of PK, HGV or the stockholders of HLT. In the event of 
such termination, no Party shall have any Liability of any kind to any 
other Party or any other Person. After the Effective Time, this Agreement 
may not be terminated, modified or amended except by an agreement in 
writing signed by HLT, PK and HGV.

(l) Payment Terms. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this 
Agreement or the Transition Services Agreement, any amount to be paid or 
reimbursed by any Party (and/or a member of such Partys Group), on the one 
hand, to any other Party or Parties (and/or a member of such Partys or 
Parties Group), on the other hand, under this Agreement shall be paid or 
reimbursed hereunder within sixty (60) days after presentation of an 
invoice or a written demand therefor and setting forth, or accompanied by, 
reasonable documentation or other reasonable explanation supporting such 
amount. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, any 
amount not paid when due pursuant to this Agreement (and any amount billed 
or otherwise invoiced or demanded and properly payable that is not paid 
within sixty (60) days of such bill, invoice or other demand) shall bear 
interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR, from time to time in effect, 
calculated for the actual number of days elapsed, accrued from the date on 
which such payment was due up to the date of the actual receipt of payment. 
Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, a Party (or 
any member of a Partys Group) may direct that any payment owed such Party 
(or member of such Partys Group) hereunder be paid directly to a member of 
the same Group.
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(m) No Circumvention. The Parties agree not to directly or indirectly take 
any actions, act in concert with any Person who takes an action, or cause 
or allow any member of any such Partys Group to take any actions 
(including the failure to take a reasonable action) such that the resulting 
effect is to materially undermine the effectiveness of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement (including adversely affecting the rights or 
ability of any Party to successfully pursue indemnification or payment 
pursuant to Section 18).

(n) Subsidiaries. Each of the Parties shall cause to be performed, and 
hereby guarantees the performance of, all actions, agreements and 
obligations set forth herein to be performed by any Subsidiary of such 
Party or by any entity that becomes a Subsidiary of such Party at and after 
the Plan Effective Time, to the extent such Subsidiary remains a Subsidiary 
of the applicable Party.

(o) Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as provided in Section 18 relating to 
Indemnitees, this Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties and 
should not be deemed to confer upon third parties any remedy, claim, 
Liability, reimbursement, claim of action or other right in excess of those 
existing without reference to this Agreement.

(p) Title and Headings. Titles and headings to sections herein are inserted 
for the convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of 
or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

(q) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without reference to any 
choice-of-law or conflict of law principles that would result in the 
applicable of Laws of a different jurisdiction.

(r) Consent to Jurisdiction. Each Party irrevocably submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of (a) the Court of Chancery of the State of 
Delaware or (b) if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, 
any other state or federal court located within the County of New Castle in 
the State of Delaware, to resolve any Agreement Dispute that is not 
resolved pursuant to Sections 19(a) or 19(b). Any judgment of such court 
may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. Further, 
notwithstanding Sections 19(a) or 19(b), either Party may apply to the 
above courts set forth in Section 21(r)(a) and 21(r)(b) above for a 
temporary restraining order or similar emergency relief during the process 
set forth in Sections 19(a) and 19(b). Each of the Parties agrees that 
service by U.S. registered mail to such Partys respective address set 
forth above shall be effective service of process for any of the above 
Actions and irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the 
laying of venue of any Action in accordance with this Section 21(r). 
Nothing in this Section 21(r) shall limit or restrict the Parties from 
agreeing to arbitrate any Agreement Dispute pursuant to mutually-agreed 
procedures.

(s) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST 
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY 
WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS 
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY AGREEMENT DISPUTE.
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(t) Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained 
in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way be affected or 
impaired thereby. The Parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to 
replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid 
provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that 
of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

(u) Force Majeure. No Party (or any Person acting on its behalf) shall have 
any Liability for failure to fulfill any obligation (other than a payment 
obligation) under this Agreement, so long as and to the extent to which the 
fulfillment of such obligation is prevented, frustrated, hindered or 
delayed as a consequence of circumstances of Force Majeure. A Party 
claiming the benefit of this provision shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the occurrence of any such event: (i) notify the other 
applicable Parties of the nature and extent of any such Force Majeure 
condition and (ii) use due diligence to remove any such causes and resume 
performance under this Agreement as soon as feasible.

(v) Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in the 
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be 
construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction 
or interpretation against the Party drafting or causing any instrument to 
be drafted.

(w) No Duplication; No Double Recovery. Nothing in this Agreement is 
intended to confer to or impose upon any Party a duplicative right, 
entitlement, obligation or recovery with respect to any matter arising out 
of the same facts and circumstances.

(x) No Waiver. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the 
part of any Party, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver hereof or thereof; nor shall any single or partial 
exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other 
right, remedy, power or privilege.

(y) No Admission of Liability. The allocation of Assets and Liabilities 
herein is solely for the purpose of allocating such Assets and Liabilities 
among the HLT Group, the PK Group and the HGV Group and is not intended as 
an admission of liability or responsibility for any alleged Liabilities 
vis-a-vis any third party, including with respect to the Liabilities of any 
non-wholly owned Subsidiary of HLT, PK or HGV.

(z) Effect if Distribution Does Not Occur. If the Distribution does not 
occur, then all actions that are, under this Agreement, to be take or occur 
effective as of the Distribution, or otherwise in connection with the 
Distribution, shall not be taken or occur except to the extent specifically 
agreed by the Parties.

(aa) Relationship of Parties. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or 
construed by the Parties or any third party as creating the relationship of 
principal and agent, partnership or joint venture between the Parties, it 
being understood and agreed that no provision contained herein, and no act 
of the Parties, shall be deemed to create any relationship between the 
Parties other than the relationship set forth herein.
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Signature Page Follows]
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC.
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
HILTON DOMESTIC OPERATING COMPANY INC. (solely for purposes of Section 18)
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINAL

SCHEDULE 4(a)(i)
HLT US DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLANS
 
1. 	Hilton Hotels Retirement Plan
 
2. 	Hilton International Cash Balance Plan
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 4(b)(i)
HLT NON-US DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLANS
 
1. 	Hilton UK Pension Plan
 
  	a. 	Guarantee, dated May 18, 2015, by Hilton Worldwide Manage Limited 
for Hilton UK Trustee Limited as trustee of the Hilton UK Pension
 
  	b. 	Hilton UK Pension Plan Funding Support Plan
 
2. 	Hilton International Wien GmbH
 
3. 	Delta Lloyd Life Defined Benefits Plan
 
4. 	Hilton UK Hotels Limited Unfunded Retirement Benefit Scheme
 
5. 	Germany GmbH mit Diensteintritt ab dem 01.05.1988
 
6. 	Germany GmbH mit Diensteintritt bis zum 30.04.1988
 
7. 	Hilton International Plan (Hilton International Retirement Plan 
section)
 
8. 	Hilton Hotels Egypt End of Service Plan for General Managers and Senior 
Regional SpecialistsEgypt
 
9. 	Hilton Hotels in Egypt End of Service Plan (for non-Senior Managers)
 
10. 	Conrad Cairo End of Service Plan
 
11. 	Bituah Pensioni
 
12. 	Japan Defined Benefit Plan
 
13. 	Stichting Pension Fund (the A Plan)
 
14. 	Statutory Old Age and Collectively Bargained Pension Benefits
 
15. 	Trinidad Hilton Limited Pension Fund
 
16. 	Hilton Trinidad Plan (unionized)
 
17. 	Switzerland Defined Benefit Plan
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 4(b)(ii)(A)
PK NON-US DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLANS
 
1. 	Stichting Pension Fund (the A Plan)
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 4(b)(iii)(A)
HGV NON-US DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLANS
 
1. 	Japan Social Pension Insurance
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 5(a)(i)
HLT US DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PENSION PLANS
 
1. 	Hilton 401(k) Plan
 
2. 	Hilton Resorts 401(k) Plan
 
3. 	Hilton Puerto Rico Retirement Savings Plan
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 5(b)(i)
HLT NON-US DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PENSION PLANS
 
1. 	Hilton Worldwide UK Retirement Plan
 
2. 	UK Auto-Enrollment Plan
 
3. 	Alexander Forbes Retirement Fund
 
4. 	Stichting Pension Fund (B, C and Nettopensioen Plans)
 
5. 	HOGARENTE through the Hotel and Restaurant Association
 
6. 	Pensioenfond Horeca & Catering
 
7. 	DEBEKA/MIKU (for non-Nuremburg employees)
 
8. 	Personal Retirement Savings Accounts
 
9. 	Hilton International Plan (Hilton Retirement Capital Plan section)
 
10. 	Hilton Worldwide International Retirement Plan
 
11. 	Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan
 
12. 	Conrad International Retirement Plan
 
13. 	Bituah Pensioni
 
14. 	Hilton Nairobi Ltd. Staff Pension Scheme (and Trust)
 
15. 	Hilton Addis Ababa Provident Fund
 
16. 	Australasia  Hilton Australia Retirement Plan (HARP)
 
17. 	Zurich Hilton Ireland Management Pension Plan 60515438
 
18. 	Delta Lloyd Defined Contribution Plan
 
19. 	Japan Defined Contribution Plan
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 5(b)(ii)(B)
PK ASSUMED AND NEW NON-US DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PENSION PLANS
 
1. 	Alexander Forbes Retirement Fund
 
2. 	Personal Retirement Savings Accounts
 
3. 	Stichting Pension Fund (B and Nettopensioen Plans)
 
4. 	Debeka Lebensversicherung AG-Debeka
 
5. 	HOGARENTE through the Hotel and Restaurant Association
 
6. 	Pensioenfond Horeca & Catering
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 5(b)(iii)(A)
HGV ASSUMED AND NEW NON-US DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PENSION PLANS
 
1. 	Japan Defined Contribution Retirement Plan
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 6(a)
HLT US NON-QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS
 
1. 	Hilton Hotels Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (pre-2005)
 
2. 	Hilton Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
 
3. 	Hilton Hotels Retirement Benefit Replacement Plan
 
4. 	Promus Hotel Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
 
5. 	Promus Hotel Capital Accumulation Plan for Executives
 
6. 	Promus Hotel Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan
 
7. 	Hilton International Co. Deferred Compensation Plan 2005 for Management 
Employees in US and Puerto Rico
 
8. 	Hilton 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
 
9. 	Deferred Compensation Trust Between Hilton Domestic Operating Company 
Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
 
10. 	Various Individual Arrangements
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7(a)(i)
HLT US HEALTH & WELFARE PLANS
 
1. 	Hilton Health & Welfare Plan
 
2. 	Salary Continuation Plan (SALCO)
 
3. 	Voluntary Insurance Benefits
 
4. 	Commuter Benefits
 
5. 	Paid Maternity Leave Program
 
6. 	Paid Parental Leave Program
 
7. 	Educational Assistance Program
 
8. 	Retiree Health Access Plan
 
9. 	Washington Hilton Medical Plan
 
10. 	Embassy Suites Washington, D.C. Convention Center Medical Plan
 
11. 	Hilton-McLean Welfare Benefits Plan
 
12. 	DoubleTree-Crystal City Welfare Benefits Plan
 
13. 	Capital Hilton Medical Plan
 
14. 	Hilton Worldwide, Inc. Texas Occupational Injury Benefit Plan
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7(b)(i)(A)
HLT NON-US HEALTH AND WELFARE PLANS
 
1. 	UK Group Medical Insurance
 
2. 	UK Voluntary Dental Coverage
 
3. 	UK Employee Assistance Program
 
4. 	UK Long-Term Disability Insurance
 
5. 	UK Life Insurance
 
6. 	UK Business Travel Insurance
 
7. 	Hilton Hotels Ireland Ltd. Life Assurance Plan
 
8. 	Long-Term Disability Insurance
 
9. 	UK Cash Medical Plan Insurance
 
10. 	Group Term Life, Total Permanent Disability Insurance
 
11. 	Group Personal Accident Insurance Plan
 
12. 	Group Hospitalization, Major Medical Insurance, Outpatient, Dental 
Plans
 
13. 	Hilton International Retiree Medical Plan and Trust
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7(b)(ii)(A)
PK CONTINUED PARTICIPATION NON-US HEALTH AND WELFARE PLANS
 
1. 	UK Voluntary Dental Coverage
 
2. 	UK Employee Assistance Program
 
3. 	UK Long-Term Disability Insurance
 
4. 	UK Cash Medical Plan Insurance
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7(b)(ii)(B)
PK NEW NON-US HEALTH AND WELFARE PLANS
 
1. 	UK Group Medical Insurance
 
2. 	Discovery Health Medical Scheme (and associated Medical Savings 
Accounts)
 
3. 	Life Insurance
 
4. 	Disability Income Benefit
 
5. 	Seguro Saude Empresarial
 
6. 	Seguro de Vida Em Grupo
 
7. 	Seguro Coletivo Empresarial de Assistencia a Saude Na Segmentacao 
Odontologico
 
8. 	Long-Term Disability Insurance
 
9. 	UK Life Insurance
 
10. 	Conrad Dublin Life Assurance Plan
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7(b)(iii)(A)
HGV CONTINUED PARTICIPATION NON-US HEALTH AND WELFARE PLANS
 
1. 	UK Voluntary Dental Coverage
 
2. 	UK Employee Assistance Program
 
3. 	UK Long-Term Disability Insurance
 
4. 	UK Cash Medical Plan Insurance
 
5. 	Singapore Group Term Life, Total Permanent Disability Insurance
 
6. 	Singapore Group Personal Accident Insurance Plan
 
7. 	Singapore Group Hospitalization, Major Medical Insurance, Outpatient, 
Dental Plans
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 8(a)(i)
HLT US SEVERANCE PLANS
 
1. 	Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc. 2013 Executive Severance Plan
 
2. 	Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Severance Plan for General Managers, 
Directors, Senior Directors and Vice Presidents
 
3. 	Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Severance Plan for Non-Exempt and 
Certain Exempt Employees
 
4. 	Agreement dated April 2015, by and between, the Waldorf=Astoria Hotel 
and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO
 
5. 	Side Letter to the Agreement dated April 2015, by and between, the 
Waldorf=Astoria Hotel and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, 
AFL-CIO
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 13(a)
HLT COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS
 
1. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Unite Here, Local 7 & 
International Union of Operating Engineers, AFL-CIO, Local 37 and Hilton 
Management, LLC d/b/a Hilton Baltimore (February 1, 2012  March 31, 2019)
 
2. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Doubletree by Hilton San Jose 
and UNITE HERE! Local 19 International Union (July 1, 2011  November 30, 
2017)
 
3. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hilton Rosemont and Unite Here 
Local 450 (Effective November 1, 2015  October 31, 2020)
 
4. 	Agreement between Waldorf-Astoria Management, LLC, as Operator of the 
Arizona Biltmore and The International Union of Operating Engineers Local 
No, 428, AFL-CIO (Term: March 16. 2016  March 16, 2019)
 
5. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hotel Association of New York 
City, Inc. and New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO (extended 
by memorandum of agreement through June 30, 2026)
 
6. 	Plaza Collective Bargaining Agreement between UNITE HERE Local 610 and 
Hilton Worldwide International Puerto Rico, LLC d/b/a Condado Plaza Hilton 
(2016-2018)
 
7. 	Unite HERE Local 610 and Hilton International Manage LLC d/b/a Caribe 
Hilton Hotel Memorandum of Agreement 2016-2018
 
8. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hilton Minneapolis and 
Miscellaneous Driver, Helper and Warehousemans Union Local 638 Affiliated 
with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters May 1, 2016  April 30, 
2021
 
9. 	Collective Agreement between MH HOTELS (Meadowvale Hotel & Conference 
Centre) Ltd. doing business as the Hilton Mississauga Meadowvale, the 
Employer and United Food & Commercial Workers International Union, Local 
333 (May 6, 2016  May 5, 2020)
 
10. 	Contract between Oakland Airport Hilton and Freight Checkers, Clerical 
Employees & Helpers; Union Local No. 856 International Brotherhood of 
Teamsters (June 1, 2013  May 31, 2016)1
 
11. 	Agreement between Painting and Decorating Contractors Association, 
Chicago Council and Painters District Council No. 14 of the International 
Union of Painters and Allied Trades (of Chicago, Cook, Lake, Will and 
Grundy Counties, Illinois) (subject to automatic annual extensions)
 
12. 	Agreement between Hilton Worldwide, Inc. (HWI) as Agent for Oasis West 
Realty, LLC a Delaware Limited Liability Company d/b/a The Beverly Hilton 
and International Union of Operating Engineers Local No. 501, AFL-CIO and 
Painters & Allied Trades District Council No. 36 (August 1, 2013  July 31, 
2016)1
 
13. 	Convention Collective de Travail Entre Innvest REIT; Royal Bank Plaza, 
South Tower, 200, Bay Street, suite 3205; P.O. Box 126, Toronto (Ontario) 
M5J 2S1 Etablissement Vise: Hilton Quebec; 1100, boulevard Rene-Levesque 
Est; C.P. 157, succ. Haute-Ville; Quebec (Quebec) G1R 4P3 Ci-apres appelee: 
LEMPLOYEUR ET Syndicat Des Travailleuses Et Travailleurs de Hilton Quebec 
(CSN); 155, boulevard Charest Est, bureau 400 Quebec (Quebec) G1K 3G6; 
Ci-apres appele: LE SYNDICAT (2016-2020)
 
1  	Expired and negotiations are underway for a new agreement.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Hilton Waikoloa Village 
and I.L.W.U Local 142 (October 1, 2016  September 30, 2020)
 
15. 	Agreement between Hilton Worldwide, Inc. d/b/a Hilton Chicago and 
Chicago and Midwest Regional Joint Board, An Affiliate Workers 
United/S.E.I.U. (Effective: November 16, 2013  November 15, 2019)
 
16. 	Agreement between Hilton Worldwide, Inc. d/b/a Palmer House Chicago 
and Chicago and Midwest Regional Joint Board, An Affiliate Workers 
United/S.E.I.U. (Effective: November 16, 2013  November 15, 2019)
 
17. 	Agreement between Hilton Worldwide, Inc. d/b/a The Drake and Chicago 
and Midwest Regional Joint Board, An Affiliate Workers United/S.E.I.U. 
(Effective: November 16, 2013  November 15, 2019)
 
18. 	Agreement between Teamsters Local Union No. 727 and Hilton OHare 
(January 1, 2012  December 31, 2016)
 
19. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Interstate Management 
Company, LLC as Agent for BVP Tenant LLC d/b/a Buena Vista Palace and UNITE 
HERE Local 737 (extended by memorandum of agreement through December 31, 
2016) and Assumption Agreement: Entered into by and between Hilton 
Management, LLC as agent for BVP Tenant, LLC d/b/a Buena Vista Palace
 
20. 	The Beverly Hilton and General Teamsters, Airline, Aerospace and 
Allied Employees, Warehousemen, Drivers, Construction, Rock and Sand, Local 
986 (May 1, 2014  April 30, 2017)
 
21. 	Agreement between UNITE HERE, Local #8 and Doubletree Management, LLC 
as Operator of Doubletree Hotel, Seattle Airport 18740 International 
Boulevard, Seattle, WA 98188 (206) 246-8600 (Effective June 1, 2014  May 
31, 2017)
 
22. 	Agreement between Unite Here, Local #8 and Doubletree Management, LLC 
as Operator of Hilton Seattle Airport 18740 International Boulevard, 
Seattle, WA 98188 (206) 246-8600 (Effective June 1, 2014  May 31, 2017)
 
23. 	Agreement between Plumbing Contractors Association of Chicago and Cook 
County and Chicago Journeymen Plumbers Local Union 130, U.A. (subject to 
automatic annual extensions)
 
24. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Hilton Worldwide, Inc. 
(Hilton Washington Hotel) and The Metropolitan Regional Council of 
Carpenters (June 1, 2014  May 31, 2017)
 
25. 	Agreement between Hilton Chicago and The United Steelworkers 
AFL-CIO-CLC on behalf of Drapery, Slip Cover, Window Shade, Venetian 
Blinds, Exhibition, Flag and Bunting USW Decorators Union, Local Union No. 
17U (July 1, 2012  June 30, 2017)
 
26. 	Agreement between Palmer House and The United Steelworkers AFL-CIO-CLC 
on behalf of Drapery, Slip Cover, Window Shade, Venetian Blinds, 
Exhibition, Flag and Bunting USW Decorators Union, Local Union No. 17U 
(July 1, 2012  June 30, 2018)
 
27. 	Agreement between The Drake Hotel and The United Steelworkers 
AFL-CIO-CLC on behalf of Drapery, Slip Cover, Window Shade, Venetian 
Blinds, Exhibition, Flag and Bunting USW Decorators Union, Local Union No. 
17U (July 1, 2012  June 30, 2019)
 
28. 	Contract and Agreement Between the Hilton Hotel, Vancouver, Washington 
and Unite Here Local 8 Affiliated with Unite Here International Union (July 
1, 2014  June 30, 2017)
 
29. 	Collective Agreement between The Westin Diplomat Resort and Spa and 
UNITE HERE Local 355 (July 1, 2013  June 30, 2017)
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
30. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Painters and Allied Trades 
District Council 16 & Hilton San Francisco Union Square (August 1, 2012  
July 31, 2017)
 
31. 	Contract and Agreement between Hilton Management LLC and Unite Here 
Local 8 Affiliated with Unite Here International Union, AFL-CIO/CLC (August 
1, 2014  July 31, 2017)
 
32. 	Agreement between Unite Here, Local 1 and Waldorf-Astoria Management, 
LLC as Operator of the Waldorf-Astoria Chicago (September 1, 2013  August 
31, 2017)
 
33. 	International Union of Operating Engineers Local 68-68A  68B, AFL-CIO 
and Hilton Management , LLC d/b/a Hilton Newark Airport Hotel (May 1, 2016 
 April 30, 2020)
 
34. 	Agreement by and between Hilton Management, LLC operators of the 
Washington Hilton and UNITE HERE Local 25 (October 16, 2010  October 15, 
2017)
 
35. 	Agreement by and between Hilton Management, LLC operators of the 
Capital Hilton and UNITE HERE Local 25 (October 16, 2010  October 15, 
2017)
 
36. 	Agreement by and between Embassy Suites Management Company, LLC 
operators of the Embassy Suites Washington D.C., Convention Center and 
UNITE HERE Local 25 (October 16, 2010  October 15, 2017)
 
37. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Hilton Oakland Airport 
and the International Union of Operating Engineers, Stationary Engineers, 
Local 39 (November 16, 2014  November 15, 2017)
 
38. 	Agreement between Hilton San Diego Bayfront and UNITE HERE Local 30 
(February 1, 2014  November 28, 2016)2
 
39. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Doubletree by Hilton 
Hotel San Jose and the International Union of Operating Engineers, 
Stationary Engineers, Local 39 (December 1, 2014  November 30, 2017)
 
40. 	Agreement between Hilton Atlanta and Service Employees International 
Union/National Association of Government Employees, Local #679 (December 
23, 2012  December 22, 2017)
 
41. 	Clerical Agreement between Teamsters Local Union No. 856, I.B.T. and 
Hilton San Francisco Union Square (January 1, 2013  December 31, 2017)
 
42. 	Collective Agreement Between Hilton Saint John and National 
Automobile, Aerospace, Transportation and General Workers Union of Canada 
(Unifor  Canada), Local 2002 (2014  2017)
 
43. 	Agreement between Hilton Chicago & Towers International Brotherhood of 
Electrical Workers, Local Union No. 134 AFL-CIO (July 1, 2015  June 30, 
2019)
 
44. 	Agreement between Palmer House of Chicago, Illinois and International 
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local Union No. 134 AFL-CIO (July 1, 
2015  June 30, 2019)
 
45. 	Agreement between Drake Hotel of Chicago, Illinois and International 
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local Union No. 134 AFL-CIO (July 1, 
2015  June 30, 2019)
 
46. 	Agreement between Hilton Chicago OHare Airport of Chicago, Illinois 
and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local Union No. 134 
AFL-CIO (July 1, 2015  June 30, 2019)
 
47. 	Clerical Agreement between Parc 55 A Hilton Hotel and Teamsters Union 
Local No. 856, International Brotherhood of Teamsters (January 1, 2013  
December 31, 2017)
 
2  	Expired and negotiations are underway for a new agreement.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
48. 	Collective Agreement as of the 1st day of February, 2006 between 
Hilton Toronto Airport (hereinafter referred to as the Employer ) and 
UNITE HERE Local 75 UNITE HERE Ontario Council (hereinafter referred to as 
the Union) (extended through January 31, 2019 per National Agreement 
Memorandum of Agreement)
 
49. 	Collective Agreement between Hilton Toronto and UNITE HERE Local 75 
(extended through January 31, 2019 per National Agreement Memorandum of 
Agreement)
 
50. 	Agreement between UNITE HERE Local 26 and Hilton Management, LLC as 
operator of the Hilton Boston Logan Airport (March 1, 2013  February 28, 
2018)
 
51. 	Agreement between The Hilton Oakland Airport and District Council 16; 
Painters and Drywall Finishers Local Union #3 (April 1, 2013  March 31, 
2018)
 
52. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between 90210 Grand Wailea 
Management Company, LLC d/b/a Grand Wailea Resort Hotel & Spa and ILWU, 
Local 142 (April 1, 2013  March 31, 2018) (for hotel and restaurant 
employees)
 
53. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between 90210 Grand Wailea 
Management Company, LLC d/b/a Grand Wailea Resort Hotel & Spa and ILWU, 
Local 142 (January 1, 2015  December 31, 2018) (for retail employees)
 
54. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between UNITE HERE! Local 5 and 
Hilton Management, LLC d/b/a Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort 
(July 1, 2013  June 30, 2018)
 
55. 	Bargaining Agreement by and between the Journeymen Plasters P&B 
Society Local No. 5 and the Midwest Ceiling Contractors Association 
(expires June 30, 2018)
 
56. 	Agreement between HLT CA Hilton LLC d/b/a Hilton Oakland Airport and 
Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees Local #2850 (July 7, 2013  July 
6, 2018)
 
57. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between the International Union 
of Operating Engineers, Stationary Engineers, Local 39 and the San 
Francisco Hilton (July 16, 2013  July 15, 2018)
 
58. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between the International Union 
of Operating Engineers, Stationary Engineers, Local 39 and the Parc 55 
Wyndham Union Square Hotel (August 1, 2013  July 31, 2018)
 
59. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between The Hotels and Unite Here, 
Local 2 (extended through August 14, 2018 by Memorandum of Agreement 
Concerning Modifications to Collective Bargaining Agreement)
 
60. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between The Hotels and Hotel Employees 
and Restaurant Employees Union, Local 2 (extended through August 14, 2018 
by Memorandum of Agreement Concerning Modifications to Collective 
Bargaining Agreement)
 
61. 	Agreement between Chicago Joint Executive Board of the UNITE HERE 
Local 1 and UNITE HERE Local 450 and Hilton Management, LLC d/b/a Hilton 
Chicago (September 1, 2013  August 31, 2018)
 
62. 	Agreement between Chicago Joint Executive Board of the UNITE HERE 
Local 1 and UNITE HERE Local 450 and HLT PALMER d/b/a Palmer House 
(September 1, 2013  August 31, 2018)
 
63. 	Agreement between Chicago Joint Executive Board of the UNITE HERE 
Local 1 and UNITE HERE Local 450 and HLT DRAKE d/b/a The Drake (September 
1, 2013  August 31, 2018)
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
64. 	Agreement between Chicago Joint Executive Board of the UNITE HERE 
Local 1 and UNITE HERE Local 450 and Hilton Management, LLC d/b/a Hilton 
Chicago OHare Airport (September 1, 2013  August 31, 2018)
 
65. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Hilton Management, LLC 
The Employer at the Hilton Washington and Painters and Allied Trades 
District Council No. 51, of the International Union of Painters and Allied 
Trade, AFL-CIO (September 1, 2014  August 31, 2018)
 
66. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Hilton Management, LLC 
The Employer at the Capital Hilton Hotel and Painters and Allied Trades 
District Council No. 51, of the International Union of Painters and Allied 
Trade, AFL-CIO (September 1, 2014  August 31, 2018)
 
67. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Embassy Suites 
Management, LLC Employer at 1000 K, LLC d/b/a Embassy Suites DC Convention 
Center and Painters and Allied Trades District Council No. 51, of the 
International Union of Painters and Allied Trade, AFL-CIO (September 1, 
2014  August 31, 2018)
 
68. 	Maintenance Agreement by and between Local 26, International 
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and the Washington Hilton Hotel 
(September 1, 2015  August 31, 2018)
 
69. 	Agreement between HLT Conrad Domestic, LLC d/b/a Hilton San Diego 
Bayfront and International Union of Operating Engineers Local 501, AFL-CIO 
(September 1, 2015  August 31, 2018)
 
70. 	Agreement between Hilton Worldwide, Inc. d/b/a Hilton Chicago and 
Chicago and Midwest Regional Joint Board, an affiliate Workers 
United/S.E.I.U. (November 16, 2013  November 15, 2016)3
 
71. 	Agreement between Hilton Illinois Corp d/b/a Palmer House Hilton and 
Chicago and Midwest Regional Joint Board, an affiliate Workers 
United/S.E.I.U. (November 16, 2013  November 15, 2016)3
 
72. 	Agreement between Vista International Ill, Inc. d/b/a The Drake Hotel 
and Chicago and Midwest Regional Joint Board, an affiliate Workers 
United/S.E.I.U. (November 16, 2013  November 15, 2016)3
 
73. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement Hilton Worldwide, Inc. d/b/a The 
Crystal City Embassy Suites and Unite Here Local 25 (October 16, 2010  
October 15, 2017)
 
74. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement DT Management, LLC d/b/a Doubletree 
Hotel Crystal City and Unite Here Local 25 (October 16, 2010  October 15, 
2017)
 
75. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement Hilton Worldwide, Inc. d/b/a The 
Hilton McLean and Unite Here Local 25 (October 16, 2010  October 15, 2017)
 
76. 	Agreement between Unite Here Local 26 and Doubletree Management, LLC, 
as operator of the Doubletree Suits by Hilton Hotel Boston  Cambridge 
(November 1, 2015  February 28, 2018)
 
77. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between International Union of 
Operating Engineers, Local 99 99A, AFL CIO and Embassy Suites Management, 
LLC as agent for Ashford TRS Crystal City, LLC d/b/a Embassy Suites Crystal 
City (November 1, 2014  October 31, 2018)
 
78. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between IUOE, Local 99 and Hilton 
Management, LLC as agent for Hilton McLean, LLC d/b/a Hilton McLean 
(November 1, 2014  October 31, 2018)
 
79. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Hilton Management LLC 
for The Capital Hilton Hotel and Local 99-99A, International Union of 
Operating Engineers, affiliated with the Greater Washington Central Labor 
Council, AFL-CIO and the Maryland State and District of Columbia AFL-CIO 
(November 1, 2014  October 31, 2018)
 
3  	Expired and negotiations are underway for a new agreement.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
80. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Hilton Management LLC 
for Washington Hilton Hotel & Towers and Local 99-99A, International Union 
of Operating Engineers, affiliated with the Greater Washington Central 
Labor Council, AFL-CIO and the Maryland State and District of Columbia 
AFL-CIO (November 1, 2014  October 31, 2018)
 
81. 	Agreement between Hilton Management, LLC as operator of The Hilton 
Anaheim Hotel and UNITE HERE! Local 11 (May 16, 2013  May 15, 2018)
 
82. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hilton Boston Logan Airport 
Hotel and Firemen and Oilers Local 3, S.E.I.U. (December 1, 2015  November 
30, 2018)
 
83. 	Agreement between Hilton Management LLC and International Union of 
Operating Engineers Local Union No, 701 (January 1, 2016  December 31, 
2018)
 
84. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hilton Minneapolis and Unite 
Here Local 17 AFL-CIO (May 1, 2014  April 30, 2019)
 
85. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Irvine Hilton and Unite Here 
Local 11 (June 1, 2014  May 31, 2019)
 
86. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Unite Here International Union 
Local 631 and Hilton Management LLC (September 1, 2014  October 1, 2019)
 
87. 	Agreement between Hampton Inn  Milford and Local 371 United Food & 
Commercial Workers Union Westport, Connecticut (September 11, 2015  
September 10, 2019)
 
88. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between International Union of 
Operating Engineers Local 68-68A-68B, AFL-CIO and Hilton Worldwide (October 
1, 2015  September 30, 2019)
 
89. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between United Association of 
Journeymen & Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipefitting Industry of the 
United State and Canada or Broward County, Florida and Starwood Hotels & 
Resorts Worldwide, Inc. d/b/a Westin Diplomat Resort & Spa (assumed by 
Hilton Worldwide, Inc. December 2014) (January 21, 2014  January 20, 2020)
 
90. 	Hilton Americas-Houston Labor Agreement with Unite Here International 
Union Local 23, AFL-CIO, CLC and The International Union of Operating 
Engineers Local 564 (The Engineers) AFL-CIO (July 1, 2015  June 30, 2020)
 
91. 	Chicago Regional Council of Carpenters United Brotherhood of 
Carpenters and Joiners of America Commercial Area Agreement Cook, Lake and 
DuPage Counties, in Illinois (June 1, 2014  May 31, 2019)
 
92. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Hilton Chicago & Towers 
and International Union of Operating Engineers of Chicago, Illinois and 
Vicinity Local No. 399 (July 1, 2015  June 30, 2019)
 
93. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Palmer House and 
International Union of Operating Engineers of Chicago, Illinois and 
Vicinity Local No. 399 (July 1, 2015  June 30, 2019)
 
94. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Drake Hotel and 
International Union of Operating Engineers of Chicago, Illinois and 
Vicinity Local No. 399 (July 1, 2015  June 30, 2019)
 
95. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Hilton Chicago OHare 
Airport and International Union of Operating Engineers of Chicago, Illinois 
and Vicinity Local No. 399 (July 1, 2015  June 30, 2019)
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
96. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Embassy Suites-Chicago 
Downtown Lakefront and International Union of Operating Engineers of 
Chicago, Illinois and Vicinity Local No. 399 (July 1, 2015  June 30, 2019)
 
97. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Waldorf-Astoria 
Management, LLC and International Union of Operating Engineers of Chicago, 
Illinois and Vicinity Local No. 399 (July 1, 2015  June 30, 2019).
 
98. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Conrad Chicago and 
International Union of Operating Engineers of Chicago, Illinois and 
Vicinity Local No. 399 (July 1, 2015  June 30, 2019).
 
99. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between International Union of 
Operating Engineers Local 68-68A-68B, AFL-CIO and Embassy Suites Management 
LLC d/b/a Embassy Suites Parsippany (December 1, 2015  November 30, 2019)
 
100. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between International Union of 
Operating Engineers Local 68-68A-68B, AFL-CIO and Embassy Suites Management 
LLC d/b/a Embassy Suites Secaucus (December 1, 2015  November 30, 2019)
 
101. 	Agreement between Greater Regional Bargaining Group Hotels and Hotel 
Association of New York City, Inc. (party to agreement via property riders 
below) (April 1, 2013  March 31, 2018)
 
102. 	Agreement between Hilton Management, LLC, doing business as the 
Hilton Westchester, its owner(s), and operator(s) and manager(s) on their 
own behalf and on behalf of any affiliated or related entity and their 
respective successors or assigns and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades 
Council, ALF-CIO (Rider) (December 1, 2015  March 31, 2018)
 
103. 	Agreement by and among Hilton Short Hills Hotel, its current and 
future owner(s), operator(s) and manager(s) on their own behalf and on 
behalf of any of their respective affiliated or related entity, as well as 
their successors or assigns and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades 
Council, ALF-CIO (Rider) (January 1, 2015  March 31, 2018)
 
104. 	Agreement by and among Embassy Suites Parsippany, its current and 
future owner(s), operator(s) and manager(s) on their own behalf and on 
behalf of any of their respective affiliated or related entity, as well as 
their successors or assigns and the New York Hotel and Motel Trades 
Council, ALF-CIO (Rider) (September 17, 2015  March 31, 2018)
 
105. 	Agreement by and among Embassy Suites Secaucus-Meadowlands, its 
current and future owner(s), operator(s) and manager(s) on their own 
behalf and on behalf of any of their respective affiliated or related 
entity, as well as their successors or assigns and the New York Hotel and 
Motel Trades Council, ALF-CIO (Rider) (August 18, 2015  March 31, 2018)
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 13(b)
PK COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS
 
1. 	Agreement between Tex Holding, Inc. DBA Meritex and Chicago and Midwest 
Regional Joint Board, an Affiliate of Workers United/SEIU (Effective 
Duration: January 1, 2015  December 31, 2016)4
 
2. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement by and between Meritex Laundry Portage 
Meritex and International Union of Operating Engineers of Chicago, Illinois 
and Vicinity Local No. 399 June 1, 2012  May, 31 2017
 
3. 	Labor Agreement between Meritex LLC and Laundry, Distribution & Food 
Service Joint Board, Workers United, Affiliated with the SEIU (September 2, 
2014  September 1, 2017)
 
4. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between International Union of 
Operating Engineers Local 68-68A-68B, AFL-CIO and Meritex, LLC (October 1, 
2013  September 30, 2018)
 
 
4  	Negotiations expected to commence prior to expiration.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 13(c)
HGV COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS
 
1. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hilton Grand Vacations Company, 
LLC d/b/a Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Las Vegas Hilton and 
International Union of Operating Engineers, Local 501, AFL-CIO July 1, 2011 
 June 30, 20145
 
2. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hilton Grand Vacations Company, 
LLC A Delaware Limited Liability Company and Local Joint Executive Board of 
Las Vegas (for Elara) (expires 2018)
 
3. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hilton Grand Vacations Company, 
LLC A Delaware Limited Liability Company and Local Joint Executive Board of 
Las Vegas (for Boulevard/Karen/Flamingo) (expires 2018)
 
4. 	Labor Agreements between Hilton Grand Vacations, LLC at the Elara Hotel 
and General Teamsters, Airline, Aerospace and Allied Employers, 
Warehousemen, Drivers, Constructions, Rock and Sand Teamsters Local 986 
(Valet/Bell Department) June 1, 2015  May 31, 2019
 
5. 	Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hotel Association of New York 
City, Inc. and New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO (July 1, 
2012  June 30, 2019, extended through June 30, 2026 by memorandum of 
agreement)
 
5  	Expired and negotiations are underway for a new agreement.
 
24