 EX-10.1 2 ex10_1.htm
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
 
           AMENDMENT NO. 1 dated as of February 13, 2017 (this “Amendment
           ”), to the CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 21, 2016 (as
           amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
           the “Credit Agreement”; capitalized terms used and not defined
           herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the
           Credit Agreement), among CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP., a
           Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the LENDERS and ISSUING
           BANKS party thereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. (“JPMorgan”),
           as Administrative Agent (the “Administrative Agent”).

WHEREAS, the Borrower, in accordance with Section 2.21 of the Credit 
Agreement, has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Maturity Date 
Extension Request dated as of January 19, 2017, requesting the extension of 
the Revolving Maturity Date and the Term Maturity Date by one year to 
January 21, 2022 (the “Maturity Date Extension”);

WHEREAS, (a) each Lender holding Revolving Commitments and/or Revolving 
Loans immediately prior to the consummation of the transactions specified 
in Section 3 hereof (each, an “Existing Revolving Lender”) and each Lender 
holding Term Loans immediately prior to the consummation of the 
transactions specified in Section 3 hereof (each, an “Existing Term Lender
” and, together with each Existing Revolving Lender, collectively, the “
Existing Lenders”) that executes and delivers a signature page to this 
Amendment (each, a “Consenting Revolving Lender” or a “Consenting Term 
Lender”, as applicable, and collectively, the “Consenting Lenders”) at or 
prior to 10:00 p.m., New York City time, on February 10, 2017 (the “
Delivery Time”), will have agreed to the terms of this Amendment upon the 
effectiveness of this Amendment on the Amendment Effective Date (as defined 
below), and (b) each Existing Lender that does not execute and deliver a 
signature page to this Amendment at or prior to the Delivery Time (each, a 
“Declining Revolving Lender” or a “Declining Term Lender”, as applicable, 
and collectively, the “Declining Lenders”) will be deemed not to have 
agreed to this Amendment and will be subject to the mandatory assignment 
provisions of Sections 2.18(b) and 2.21(c) of the Credit Agreement upon the 
effectiveness of this Amendment on the Amendment Effective Date (it being 
understood that the interests, rights and obligations of the Declining 
Lenders under the Loan Documents will be assumed by (a) certain Consenting 
Lenders and (b) certain financial institutions that are not Existing 
Lenders and that are party hereto (each, a “New Revolving Lender” or “New 
Term Lender”, as applicable, and collectively, the “New Lenders”), in each 
case in accordance with Sections 2.18(b), 2.21(c) and 9.04(b) of the Credit 
Agreement and Sections 3(a) and 3(b) hereof);

WHEREAS, with respect to the foregoing, this Amendment is an amendment 
entered into pursuant to Section 2.21 of the Credit Agreement to provide 
for the Maturity Date Extension;

WHEREAS, the Borrower intends to incur additional Term Loans in an 
aggregate principal amount not to exceed $500,000,000.00 (the “Tack-On Term
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

2

 
 
Loans”), which Tack-On Term Loans shall, on and after the Amendment 
Effective Date, be part of the same Class of Term Loans as the Term Loans 
made under Section 2.01(a) of the Credit Agreement on the Effective Date 
(the “Existing Term Loans”) and the proceeds of which will be used to pay 
all fees and expenses of the Borrower payable in connection with this 
Amendment and for general corporate purposes;

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that certain provisions of the Credit 
Agreement be amended as set forth herein to permit the incurrence of the 
Tack-On Term Loans under the Credit Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, 
the incurrence of the Tack-On Term Loans will not be a Term Loan Increase 
under Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the financial institutions set 
forth on Schedule III hereto (the “Tack-On Term Lenders”) commit to make 
the Tack-On Term Loans on the Amendment Effective Date (the commitment of 
each Tack-On Term Lender to provide its applicable portion of the Tack-On 
Term Loans, as set forth opposite such Tack-On Term Lender’s name on 
Schedule III hereto, is such Tack-On Term Lender’s “Tack-On Term Commitment
”); and

WHEREAS, the Tack-On Term Lenders are willing to make the Tack-On Term 
Loans to the Borrower on the Amendment Effective Date on the terms and 
subject to the conditions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained 
and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of 
which are hereby acknowledged, and subject to the conditions set forth 
herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

SECTION 1.  Rules of Interpretation.  The rules of interpretation set forth 
in Section 1.03 of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by 
reference herein, mutatis mutandis.

SECTION 2.  Amendments to Credit Agreement.

(a)  Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the 
following definitions in the appropriate alphabetical order:

    “First Amendment Effective Date” means February 13, 2017.

    “First Amendment” means Amendment No. 1, dated as of the First
    Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent,
    the Lenders party thereto and the Issuing Banks party thereto.

    “Tack-On Term Commitment” has the meaning assigned to such term in the
    First Amendment.

    “Tack-On Term Lender” has the meaning assigned to such term in the
    First Amendment.
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

3


 
    “Tack-On Term Loans” has the meaning assigned to such term in the First
    Amendment.

(b)  Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing 
the text “2021” in each of the definitions of “Revolving Maturity Date” and 
“Term Maturity Date” with the text “2022”.

(c)  Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting 
the text “initial” immediately prior to each occurrence of the text “Term 
Commitment” in the definition of “Term Commitments”.

(d)  Section 2.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by (i) 
replacing the text “a Term Loan” with the text “an initial Term Loan” in 
clause (a) thereof, (ii) adding the text “initial” immediately before the 
text “Term Commitment” in clause (a) thereof, and (iii) adding the 
following text at the end of the first sentence thereof:

           Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the First
           Amendment, each Tack-On Term Lender agrees to make a Tack-On
           Term Loan to the Borrower on the First Amendment Effective Date
           in a principal amount not exceeding such Tack-On Term Lender’s
           Tack-On Term Commitment.

(e)  Section 2.07(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing 
such Section in its entirety with the following text:

           (a)  Unless previously terminated, (i) the initial Term
           Commitments shall automatically terminate upon the initial
           funding of the initial Term Loans on the Effective Date, (ii)
           the Tack-On Term Commitments shall automatically terminate upon
           the funding of the Tack-On Term Loans on the First Amendment
           Effective Date, (iii) the Revolving Commitments shall
           automatically terminate on the Revolving Maturity Date, and (iv)
           the 364-Day Commitments shall automatically terminate on the
           364-Day Maturity Date.

(f)  Section 2.09(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing 
such Section in its entirety with the following text:

           (a)  Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 2.10(d), the
           Borrower shall repay Term Borrowings, if any, on the last day of
           each March, June, September and December, beginning on June 30,
           2016, in an aggregate principal amount equal to (i) for each
           such date occurring on or prior to the third anniversary of the
           Effective Date, 0.625% of the aggregate principal amount of the
           Term Borrowings outstanding on the First Amendment Effective
           Date, (ii) for each such date occurring after the third
           anniversary of the Effective Date but on or prior to the fifth
           anniversary of the 
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

4

 
 
           Effective Date, 1.250% of the aggregate principal amount of the
           Term Borrowings outstanding on the First Amendment Effective
           Date and (iii) for each such date occurring after the fifth
           anniversary of the Effective Date but prior to the Term Maturity
           Date, 2.500% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term
           Borrowings outstanding on the First Amendment Effective Date.

SECTION 3.  Transactions on the Amendment Effective Date.

(a)  Concerning the Revolving Lenders, the Revolving Commitments and the 
Revolving Loans.

       (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, on the
       Amendment Effective Date, (A) each New Revolving Lender shall
       become, and each Consenting Revolving Lender shall continue to be, a
       “Revolving Lender” and a “Lender” under the Credit Agreement and (B)
       each New Revolving Lender shall have, and each Consenting Revolving
       Lender shall continue to have, all the rights and obligations of a
       “Revolving Lender” and a “Lender” holding a Revolving Commitment or
       a Revolving Loan under the Credit Agreement.

       (ii) Pursuant to Sections 2.18(b), 2.21(c) and 9.04(b) of the Credit
       Agreement, on the Amendment Effective Date, (A) each Declining
       Revolving Lender shall be deemed to have assigned, delegated and
       transferred its Revolving Commitments and its Revolving Loans, as
       applicable, including any participations in LC Disbursements, and
       (B) each Consenting Revolving Lender that will be allocated an
       aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments as of the Amendment
       Effective Date that is less than the aggregate amount of Revolving
       Commitments of such Consenting Revolving Lender immediately prior to
       the Amendment Effective Date (as disclosed to such Consenting
       Revolving Lender by the Administrative Agent prior to the date
       hereof) shall be deemed to have assigned, delegated and transferred
       the portion of its Revolving Commitments in excess of such allocated
       amount (together with a proportionate principal amount of the
       Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements of such
       Consenting Revolving Lender), in each case together with all its
       interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments
       pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16 of the Credit Agreement) and
       obligations under the Loan Documents in respect thereof, to
       JPMorgan, as assignee, and, in the case of its Revolving Loans and
       participations in LC Disbursements, at a purchase price equal to par
       (the “Revolving Loan Purchase Price”).  Upon (1) payment to a
       Declining Revolving Lender of (x) the Revolving Loan Purchase Price
       with respect to its Revolving Loans and participations in LC
       Disbursements so assigned, delegated and transferred pursuant to
       this paragraph (ii) (which shall be paid by JPMorgan) and (y)
       accrued and unpaid interest and fees and other amounts owing under
       the Credit Agreement, in each case with respect to the
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5

 
 
       Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans through but excluding the
       Amendment Effective Date (which shall be paid by the Borrower), and
       (2) the satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in
       Sections 2.18(b), 2.21(c), 2.21(e) and 9.04(b) of the Credit
       Agreement (but without the requirement of any further action on the
       part of such Declining Revolving Lender, the Borrower or the
       Administrative Agent), such Declining Revolving Lender shall cease
       to be a party to the Credit Agreement in its capacity as a Revolving
       Lender and a Lender.

       (iii) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, on the
       Amendment Effective Date, (A) to the extent any Consenting Revolving
       Lender will be allocated an aggregate amount of the Revolving
       Commitments as of the Amendment Effective Date that is more than the
       aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments of such Consenting
       Revolving Lender immediately prior to the Amendment Effective Date
       (as disclosed to such Consenting Revolving Lender by the
       Administrative Agent prior to the date hereof), each such Consenting
       Revolving Lender agrees to assume from JPMorgan the portion of such
       excess amount (together with a proportionate principal amount of the
       Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements (in the case
       of the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements, at a
       purchase price equal to par)) and (B) each New Revolving Lender, if
       any, set forth on Schedule I hereto agrees to assume from JPMorgan
       Revolving Commitments in an aggregate amount equal to the amount
       disclosed to such New Revolving Lender by the Administrative Agent
       prior to the date hereof (together with a proportionate principal
       amount of the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements
       (in the case of the Revolving Loans and participations in LC
       Disbursements, at a purchase price equal to par)).

       (iv) Each New Revolving Lender, if any, by delivering its signature
       page to this Amendment and assuming Revolving Commitments and
       Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 3(a)(iii) hereof, shall
       be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and
       approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be
       approved by the Administrative Agent or any Lenders, as applicable,
       on the Amendment Effective Date.

       (v) For purposes of clarity, all Revolving Loans, Revolving
       Commitments and Letters of Credit outstanding immediately prior to
       the Amendment Effective Date shall continue to be outstanding as
       Revolving Loans, Revolving Commitments and Letters of Credit,
       respectively, under the Credit Agreement on and after the Amendment
       Effective Date, subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement.

       (vi) The transactions described in this Section 3(a) will be deemed
       to satisfy the requirements of Sections 2.18(b) and 9.04 of the
       Credit Agreement in respect of the assignment of the Revolving
       Commitments,
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

6

 
 
       Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements so assigned,
       delegated and transferred pursuant to Section 3(a)(ii) hereof, and
       this Amendment will be deemed to be an Assignment and Assumption
       with respect to such assignments.

       (vii) Immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the
       transactions described in this Section 3(a), the aggregate amount of
       the Revolving Commitments of each Consenting Revolving Lender and
       each New Revolving Lender is set forth opposite such Lender’s name
       on Schedule I hereto.

    (b)  Concerning the Term Lenders and the Term Loans.

       (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, on the
       Amendment Effective Date, (A) each New Term Lender shall become, and
       each Consenting Term Lender shall continue to be, a “Term Lender”
       and a “Lender” under the Credit Agreement and (B) each New Term
       Lender shall have, and each Consenting Term Lender shall continue to
       have, all the rights and obligations of a “Term Lender” and a
       “Lender” holding a Term Loan under the Credit Agreement.

       (ii) Pursuant to Sections 2.18(b), 2.21(c) and 9.04(b) of the Credit
       Agreement, on the Amendment Effective Date, (A) each Declining Term
       Lender shall be deemed to have assigned, delegated and transferred
       its Term Loans, and (B) each Consenting Term Lender that will be
       allocated an aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans as of the
       Amendment Effective Date that is less than the aggregate principal
       amount of Term Loans of such Consenting Term Lender immediately
       prior to the Amendment Effective Date (as disclosed to such
       Consenting Term Lender by the Administrative Agent prior to the date
       hereof) shall be deemed to have assigned, delegated and transferred
       the portion of its Term Loans in excess of such allocated amount, in
       each case together with all its interests, rights (other than its
       existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16 of the
       Credit Agreement) and obligations under the Loan Documents in
       respect thereof, to JPMorgan, as assignee, at a purchase price equal
       to par (the “Term Loan Purchase Price”).  Upon (1) payment to a
       Declining Term Lender of (x) the Term Loan Purchase Price with
       respect to its Term Loans so assigned, delegated and transferred
       pursuant to this paragraph (ii) (which shall be paid by JPMorgan)
       and (y) accrued and unpaid interest and fees and other amounts owing
       under the Credit Agreement, in each case with respect to the Term
       Loans through but excluding the Amendment Effective Date (which
       shall be paid by the Borrower), and (2) the satisfaction of the
       applicable conditions set forth in Sections 2.18(b), 2.21(c),
       2.21(e) and 9.04(b) of the Credit Agreement (but without the
       requirement of any further action on the part of such Declining Term
       Lender, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), such Declining
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

7

 
 
       Term Lender shall cease to be a party to the Credit Agreement in its
       capacity as a Term Lender and a Lender.

       (iii) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, on the
       Amendment Effective Date, (A) to the extent any Consenting Term
       Lender will be allocated an aggregate principal amount of the Term
       Loans as of the Amendment Effective Date that is more than the
       aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans of such Consenting Term
       Lender immediately prior to the Amendment Effective Date (as
       disclosed to such Consenting Term Lender by the Administrative Agent
       prior to the date hereof), each such Consenting Term Lender agrees
       to assume from JPMorgan, at a purchase price equal to par, the
       portion of such excess amount and (B) each New Term Lender, if any,
       set forth on Schedule II hereto agrees to assume from JPMorgan, at a
       purchase price equal to par, Term Loans in an aggregate principal
       amount equal to the amount disclosed to such New Term Lender by the
       Administrative Agent prior to the date hereof.

       (iv) Each New Term Lender, if any, by delivering its signature page
       to this Amendment and assuming Term Loans in accordance with Section
       3(b)(iii) hereof, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of,
       and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other
       document required to be approved by the Administrative Agent or any
       Lenders, as applicable, on the Amendment Effective Date.

       (v) For purposes of clarity, all Term Loans outstanding immediately
       prior to the Amendment Effective Date shall continue to be
       outstanding as Term Loans under the Credit Agreement on and after
       the Amendment Effective Date, subject to the terms of the Credit
       Agreement.

       (vi) The transactions described in this Section 3(b) will be deemed
       to satisfy the requirements of Sections 2.18(b) and 9.04 of the
       Credit Agreement in respect of the assignment of the Term Loans so
       assigned, delegated and transferred pursuant to Section 3(b)(ii)
       hereof, and this Amendment will be deemed to be an Assignment and
       Assumption with respect to such assignments.

SECTION 4.  Tack-On Term Loans.

(a)  Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in 
Section 6 hereof, each Tack-On Term Lender agrees, severally and not 
jointly, to make, on the Amendment Effective Date, a Tack-On Term Loan to 
the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount equal to its Tack-On Term 
Commitment.  The Tack-On Term Commitment of each Tack-On Term Lender shall 
automatically terminate upon the making of the Tack-On Term Loans on the 
Amendment Effective Date.  The net proceeds of the Tack-On Term Loans shall 
be used by the Borrower to pay all fees and expenses of the Borrower 
payable in connection with this Amendment and for general
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

8

 
 
corporate purposes.  The transactions contemplated by this Section 4(a) are 
collectively referred to as the “Tack-On Facility Transactions”.

(b)  Immediately upon the consummation of the Tack-On Facility 
Transactions, (i) each reference to the terms “Term Lender” and “Lender” in 
the Loan Documents shall be deemed to include the Tack-On Term Lenders and 
(ii) each reference to the term “Term Loans” in the Loan Documents shall be 
deemed to include the Tack-On Term Loans.

(c)  On and after the Amendment Effective Date, all Existing Term Loans and 
all Tack-On Term Loans shall constitute the same Class of Loans for all 
purposes of the Credit Agreement.  Commencing on the Amendment Effective 
Date, the initial Interest Period for all Term Loans (including, for 
purposes of clarity, the Tack-On Term Loans) shall be the Interest Period 
specified in the Borrowing Request submitted by the Borrower with respect 
the Term Borrowing consisting of the Tack-On Term Loans to be made on the 
Amendment Effective Date.

(d)  Immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the 
transactions described in Section 3(b) hereof and this Section 4, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans held by each Tack-On Term 
Lender, each Consenting Term Lender and each New Term Lender is set forth 
opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule II hereto.

SECTION 5.  Representations and Warranties.  The Borrower represents and 
warrants to the Administrative Agent and to each of the Lenders that:

(a)  This Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the 
Borrower and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement, as amended 
hereby, constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable 
against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting 
creditors’ rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, 
regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

(b)  The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the 
Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the 
case of representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, in all 
respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, except in the case of 
any such representation and warranty that expressly relates to a prior 
date, in which case such representation and warranty is true and correct in 
all material respects (or in all respects, as applicable) as of such 
earlier date.

(c)  At the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, 
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

SECTION 6.  Effectiveness.  This Amendment shall become effective as of the 
date first above written (the “Amendment Effective Date”) when:
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

9


 
(a)  the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of this 
Amendment that, when taken together, bear the signatures of the Borrower, 
each of the Consenting Lenders, each of the New Lenders and each of the 
Tack-On Term Lenders, (ii) a certificate of the Borrower in substantially 
the form of the certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant 
to Section 4.01(c) of the Credit Agreement on the Effective Date and (iii) 
a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent, the 
Issuing Bank and the Lenders (including the Consenting Lenders, the New 
Lenders and the Tack-On Term Lenders)) of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, 
special New York counsel to the Borrower, dated as of the Amendment 
Effective Date;

(b)  each of the applicable conditions set forth in Sections 2.18(b), 
2.21(c), 2.21(e) and 9.04(b) of the Credit Agreement shall have been 
satisfied;

(c)  each of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 
hereof shall be true and correct;

(d)  the Borrower shall (i) be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis after 
giving effect to the incurrence of the Tack-On Term Loans (and the 
application of the proceeds therefrom) with the covenants contained in 
Sections 6.09 (if applicable) and 6.10 of the Credit Agreement recomputed 
as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the 
Borrower for which financial statements are required to have been delivered 
pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) of the Credit Agreement and 
(ii) have delivered a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying as to 
compliance with clause (i) above, together with reasonably detailed 
calculations demonstrating such compliance;

(e)  The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated as 
of the Amendment Effective Date, and signed by a Responsible Officer, 
confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in Sections 4.02(a) and 
4.02(b) of the Credit Agreement;

(f)  the Lenders (including the Consenting Lenders, the New Lenders and the 
Tack-On Term Lenders) shall have received all documentation and other 
information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable “know 
your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including 
the USA PATRIOT Act, in each case to the extent requested in writing to the 
Borrower not later than five Business Days prior to the proposed Amendment 
Effective Date;

(g)  the Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all fees and 
expenses required to be paid or reimbursed by the Borrower under or in 
connection with this Amendment, including those fees and expenses set forth 
in Section 10 hereof;

(h)  the Borrower shall have paid all unpaid interest and any other amounts 
(including any breakage costs) in respect of the Existing Term Loans and, 
solely to the extent required under Section 3(a)(ii) hereof, the 
outstanding Revolving Loans, that has accrued to but excluding the 
Amendment Effective Date; and
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

10


 
(i)  the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a 
Borrowing Request with respect to the Borrowing of the Tack-On Term Loans 
to be made on the Amendment Effective Date.

SECTION 7.  Credit Agreement.  Except as expressly set forth herein, this 
Amendment (a) shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, 
constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the 
Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower under the Credit 
Agreement or any other Loan Document and (b) shall not alter, modify, amend 
or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants 
or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue 
in full force and effect.  Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the 
Borrower to any future consent to, or waiver, amendment, modification or 
other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or 
agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in 
similar or different circumstances.  After the Amendment Effective Date, 
any reference in the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement shall mean the 
Credit Agreement as modified hereby.  This Amendment shall constitute a 
“Loan Document”, the New Revolving Lenders shall constitute “Revolving 
Lenders” and “Lenders”, and the New Term Lenders and the Tack-On Term 
Lenders shall constitute “Term Lenders” and “Lenders”, in each case for all 
purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

SECTION 8.  Applicable Law; Waiver of Jury Trial.  (a)  THIS AMENDMENT AND 
ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR 
TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT 
AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b)  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY AGREES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.10 OF THE 
CREDIT AGREEMENT AS IF SUCH SECTION WERE SET FORTH IN FULL HEREIN.

SECTION 9.  Counterparts; Amendment.  This Amendment may be executed in 
counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), 
each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken 
together shall constitute a single contract.  Delivery of an executed 
counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission 
or other electronic imaging shall be effective as delivery of an original 
executed counterpart of this Amendment.  This Amendment may not be amended 
nor may any provision hereof be waived except pursuant to a writing signed 
by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders.

SECTION 10.  Fees and Expenses.  (a)   The Borrower agrees to pay to the 
Administrative Agent, for the account of each Consenting Lender and each 
New Lender, an extension consent fee equal to  0.04% of the sum of the 
aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments and the aggregate principal 
amount of Term Loans, in each case
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

11

 
 
of such Lender immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the 
transactions specified in Section 3 hereof (but, for the avoidance of 
doubt, prior to giving effect to the transactions specified in Section 4 
hereof).  The fees payable pursuant to this Section 10(a) will be paid in 
dollars in immediately available funds on the Amendment Effective Date.

(b)  The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the 
account of each Tack-On Term Lender, an upfront fee equal to 0.20% of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Tack-On Term Loans funded by such Tack-On 
Term Lender on the Amendment Effective Date.  The fees payable pursuant to 
this Section 10(b) will be paid in dollars in immediately available funds 
on the Amendment Effective Date.

(c)  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to the 
transactions contemplated by this Amendment, (i) the Administrative Agent 
hereby agrees to waive payment of the processing and recordation fee of 
$3,500 to the extent such fee is required under Section 9.04(b)(ii) of the 
Credit Agreement and (ii) each Lender that has separately notified the 
Borrower that it has agreed to waive payment of the break funding costs 
required to be paid under Section 2.15 of the Credit Agreement in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by Section 4 hereof hereby 
agrees to such waiver.

(d)  The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this Amendment to the 
extent required under Section 9.03 of the Credit Agreement.

SECTION 11.  Headings.  The Section headings used herein are for 
convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not 
to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in 
interpreting, this Amendment.
 
[Signature Pages Follow]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and 
year first written above.
 
 
  	CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP., as the Borrower 	 
  	  	  	 
 
By
 
  	  	 /s/ Jay A. Brown 	 
  	  	Name:  Jay A. Brown 	 
  	  	Title:    President and Chief Executive Officer 	 
  	  	  	 
 
 

[First Amendment Signature Page]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
  	
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
individually (solely for purposes of Sections 3(a)(ii) and
3(b)(ii) hereof) and as Administrative Agent and an
Issuing Bank
 
  	  	  	 
 
By
 
  	  	 /s/ David Migliardi 	 
  	  	Name:  David Migliardi 	 
  	  	Title:    Vice President 	 
  	  	  	 
 
 

[First Amendment Signature Page]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
  	BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as an Issuing Bank 	 
  	  	  	 
 
By
 
  	  	 /s/ Jonathan Tristan 	 
  	  	Name:  Jonathan Tristan 	 
  	  	Title:    Vice President 	 
  	  	  	 
 
 

[First Amendment Signature Page]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
[Lender Signature Pages on file with the Administrative Agent]
 
 

[First Amendment Signature Page]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE I

New Revolving Lenders and Consenting Revolving Lenders
 
[On file with the Administrative Agent]


------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

SCHEDULE II

New Term Lenders, Consenting Term Lenders and Tack-On Term Lenders

[On file with the Administrative Agent]
 
 


------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
SCHEDULE III

Tack-On Term Lenders

[On file with the Administrative Agent]

 
 