 EX-10.24 40 d201422dex1024.htm EX-10.24
Exhibit 10.24

EXECUTION VERSION

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of 
June 1, 2015 (the Effective Date) by and between KINEX POLYMED HONG KONG 
LTD, a company existing under the laws of Hong Kong, having its principal 
office at 18th Floor, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark, 15 Queens Road 
Central, Hong Kong (the Company), and WILLIAM ZUO, PhD an individual 
residing at ### # ##### ##, #######, ## ##### (Executive).


W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in certain pharmaceutical and medical 
device manufacturing;

WHEREAS, the Company, contemporaneously, is being acquired by merger (the 
Acquisition) such that the Executive (who previously controlled the 
Company) is transferring control of the Company to Kinex Polymed Limited 
(Kinex);

WHEREAS, Kinex would not enter into the Acquisition but for Executives 
execution of this Agreement including, without limitation, the restrictive 
covenants set forth in Sections 5 and 6 hereof;

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to enter into this Agreement 
concerning the terms and conditions applicable to the Executives 
employment by the Company; and

WHEREAS, certain defined terms used herein are set forth in Section 12 
hereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein 
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, 
Executive and the Company (each, individually, a Party; collectively, the 
Parties) agree as follows:

1. Employment; Term. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement, the Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive 
hereby accepts employment, as President of the Company, for the period 
beginning on the Effective Date of this Agreement and continuing for a term 
of three (3) years (the Term) unless earlier terminated as hereinafter 
set forth. Upon expiration of the Term, the Executives terms of employment 
will be at will.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
2. Position and Duties. During the employment relationship, Executive shall 
serve as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and will 
have such responsibilities, duties and authorities, and render such 
services to the Company as are reasonably consistent with such positions 
and as Flint D. Besecker, Sole Director of the Company (Sole Director), 
may from time to time direct. Executive acknowledges that his duties and 
responsibilities will require no less than 80% of his full-time business 
efforts and agrees that during the employment relationship, he will not 
engage in any other business activity or have any business pursuits or 
interests except activities or interests which the Sole Director has 
determined, in his reasonable judgment, after notice by Executive, do not 
conflict with the business of the Company or interfere with the performance 
of Executives duties hereunder. Executive agrees to perform his duties and 
discharge his responsibilities in a diligent, efficient and faithful 
manner, and to promote the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Executive may devote a reasonable amount of time to civic, 
educational, community, or charitable activities that do not interfere with 
the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder and, 
with the prior consent of the Sole Director, serve as a director of 
entities other than the Company. Executives duties (the Executive 
Duties) shall include such duties as are assigned to Executive by the Sole 
Director from time to time and:
 
  	a. 	preserving the business relationships of the Company;
 
  	b. 	participating in the creation, communication, and implementation of 
the Companys vision, mission, and overall direction;
 
  	c. 	participating in the creation of the long- and short-term strategies 
surrounding the marketing of products and services, as well as the research 
and development of current and new products;
 
  	d. 	participating in the execution of delivering the Companys products 
and services;
 
  	e. 	advising and consulting with the Sole Director regarding employee 
performance, evaluating employees, hiring and firing employees;
 
  	f. 	actively advancing, developing, and improving the products and 
services of the Company; and
 
  	g. 	becoming an active member of Kinexs executive management team.

3. Salary and Benefits. As consideration and compensation for the Executive 
Duties, the Company shall compensate Executive in the following manner:
 
  	a. 	Base Salary. The Company shall pay Executive a salary of not less 
than Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000) per year, as may be adjusted 
upward from time to time (the Base Salary), payable in accordance with 
the customary payroll practices of the Company.
 
  	b. 	Other Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to fifteen (15) business 
days of paid time off and all paid holidays provided by Kinex to its senior 
executives. At the end of the annual measurement period, any accrued and 
unused paid time off shall be forfeited, except that Executive may defer, 
for a period not to exceed one (1) year, up to five (5) business days of 
his accrued and unused paid time off. In addition, Executive shall, during 
the Term, be entitled to participate in any and all employee welfare 
(including health) plans, fringe benefits, employee benefit plans and 
similar plans of the Company, which shall be comparable to those offered by 
Kinex to its senior executives (collectively, Company Benefits), now or 
hereafter in effect and open to participation by qualifying employees of 
the Company generally. Said participation shall be in accordance with 
eligibility and other requirements, and on terms and conditions, no less 
generous than as provided to senior executives of Kinex.
 
  	c. 	Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all 
reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive in 
the performance of his Executive Duties, subject to the presentation of 
appropriate receipts and expense reports in accordance with the Companys 
policies for expense verification.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
4. Termination.

The Executive and the Company agree that both the employment of the 
Executive and this Agreement may be terminated early, prior to the 
expiration of the existing term of the Agreement, for any of the following 
causes:

A. Voluntary Termination. The Executive may voluntarily terminate his 
employment and this Agreement at any time by giving written notice to the 
Company at least 60 days before the desired termination date. In such 
event, the Executive will continue to provide services to the Company until 
the desired termination date, he will be compensated for his services in 
the ordinary course until the termination date pursuant to this Agreement, 
and he will work with the Company until such termination date to find an 
appropriate successor. The Executive will also be entitled to the 
additional benefits described in this Section 4G (Severance Benefits).

B. Termination on Death. If the Executive dies during the term of this 
Agreement, his employment will be deemed to have terminated as of the date 
of death. His estate will be paid the Executives compensation in the 
ordinary course hereunder, including all PTO accruals through the date of 
death and a pro-rated bonus for the year in which the death occurs. This 
Agreement, as well as the Executives compensation and other employment 
benefits (including all PTO accruals), will cease and terminate on the date 
of the Executives death.

C. Termination on Disability. If the Executive becomes ill or otherwise 
incapacitated during the term of this Agreement, so that he is unable to 
perform his duties as President and Chief Executive Officer for a period of 
six consecutive months, then the Company may terminate this Agreement as of 
the later of: (1) the date that is six months after the onset of such 
disability, and (2) the date that is 60 days after written notice of such 
determination is given to the Executive or his legal representative. Under 
such circumstances, the Executive will be compensated in the ordinary 
course and will receive all of his other employment benefits, including all 
PTO accruals, until such termination date. As severance, the Company agrees 
to pay to the Executive a lump sum equivalent to one year of health 
insurance coverage under the plan the Executive has at the termination 
date.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
D. Termination by Company for Cause. The Company may obtain an early 
termination of this Agreement in the event that there is cause regarding 
the Executives performance of his duties to justify such an early 
termination. Cause, for purposes of this Agreement, means (1) an act or 
acts committed by the Executive that is to be judged by an impartial and 
qualified third party as having demonstrated gross incompetence, or 
insubordination of sufficient degree as to cause substantial harm to the 
Companys program, clients and/or staff; (2) an act of fraud, dishonesty or 
misappropriation of funds by the Executive with respect to the Company; or 
(3) the Executives conviction of, or plea of no contest to, a felony of a 
Crime of Moral Turpitude. Upon the Company believing that it has just cause 
to terminate Executive, Company shall provide written notice to Executive 
of its belief and the reason(s). Thereafter, Executive shall have twenty 
(20) business days to address the Companys stated reason(s) and to cure 
the reason(s) cited by the Company. If the Executive fails to cure the 
stated reason(s) cited by the Company, the Company shall then provide the 
Executive with written notice of its decision at least 15 days in advance 
of the desired termination date, together with written documentation of the 
Cause that is the basis for the Company to seek such early termination. The 
Executive will continue to provide services to the Company from the date he 
receives the notice and documentation until the desired termination date, 
if requested to do so by the Company. The Executive will also be entitled 
to the Severance Benefits described in this Section 4G (Severance 
Benefits).

E. Termination by Company Without Cause. The Company may obtain an early 
discontinuance of the services of the Executive during the term of this 
Agreement for any reason other than for Cause, the death of the Executive, 
or the illness or incapacity of the Executive, by providing the Executive 
with at least 90 days notice of its decision, in writing, in advance of 
the desired discontinuance of services date. The Executive will be 
obligated to continue to perform his services for the Company only through 
the date of the desired discontinuance of services date, and the Executive 
will be compensated in the ordinary course, and will receive all of his 
other employment benefits, including all PTO accruals, until such 
termination date. The Executive will also be paid his Base Salary until the 
date of the expiration of the Term of this Agreement. In the event that the 
expiration date of the Term is more than 12 months from the date of 
termination of the Executives employment, or in the event the Executive is 
otherwise paid his Base Salary for longer than 12 months after the date of 
termination, the Executives non-solicitation and non-competition 
obligations set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement shall continue until 
while the Executive is being paid his Base Salary; i.e., the Executives 
obligations under Section 5 shall continue during the period the Executive 
is being paid his Base Salary.

F. Termination by Executive for Good Reason. The Executive may obtain an 
early discontinuance of his services during the term of this Agreement for 
Good Reason as set forth in Section 12 of this Agreement. The Executive 
will be obligated to continue to perform his services for the Company only 
through the date of the discontinuance of services date, and the Executive 
will be compensated in the ordinary course, and will receive all of his 
other employment benefits, including all PTO accruals, until such 
termination date. The Executive will also be paid his Base Salary until the 
date of the expiration of the Term of this Agreement. In the event that the 
expiration date of the Term is more than 12 months from the date of 
termination of the Executives employment, the Executives 
non-solicitation and non-competition obligations set forth in Section 5 of 
this Agreement shall continue until the expiration of the Term; i.e., the 
Executives obligations under Section 5 shall continue during the period 
the Executive is being paid his Base Salary.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
G. Salary Continuation. Upon voluntary termination or termination for 
Cause, the Executive will be entitled to salary continuation for the lesser 
of either a period of twelve (12) months following termination of his 
employment, or a period equal to the remainder of the Term, in accordance 
with subsections A and D, respectively. Upon termination without Cause, or 
for Good Reason, the Executive will be entitled to salary continuation for 
the remainder of the Term in accordance with subsection E and F, 
respectively, of this Section 4. Upon termination without Cause prior to 
the end of the Performance Period, as defined in the Earn-Out Agreement 
between the Parties of even date, Executive will be entitled to his Base 
Salary for three (3) years from the date of termination, in accordance with 
subsection E of this Section 4. Salary continuation under this subsection G 
shall be in an amount equal to his Base Salary in effect at the time of 
termination. The salary continuation will be payable in accordance with the 
Companys standard payroll practices and will be subject to normal 
employment and withholding taxes.

5. Non-Solicitation; Non-Competition.

Executive acknowledges and agrees that his expertise and experience in the 
business of the Company is essential for the growth, success and stability 
of the Company. Executive further agrees that Company has global presence, 
and that any geographic limitation on the restrictions contained in this 
paragraph would be of no impact because of the Companys global presence 
and Executives duties and knowledge. Executive further acknowledges and 
understands that the covenants set forth in this Section 5 are reasonable 
and necessary and part of the consideration provided to Executive by 
Company. Therefore, in consideration of the various covenants and 
obligations of the Company pursuant to this Agreement and the other 
agreements described herein, as long as Executive receives the Base Salary, 
or if applicable, amounts paid during the Non-Compete Period, Executive 
shall not, directly or indirectly:
 
  	a. 	during the employment relationship and one (1) year following the 
termination of the employment relationship, knowingly solicit any Person in 
the employment of the Company (other than via a general advertisement or 
other solicitation not addressed specifically to such Person) to: (i) 
terminate such employment, and/or (ii) accept employment or enter into any 
consulting arrangements with any Person other than the Company; provided, 
however, this provision is not intended to and does not preclude Executive, 
on behalf of himself or another, from offering employment to or hiring any 
Person in the employment of the Company who initiates contact with 
Executive, inquires about employment or consulting opportunities, and/or 
otherwise responds to a general employment or similar notice issued on 
behalf of the Executive or another Person, in each case, without any 
inducement from or on behalf of the Executive. The prohibitions in this 
Section 5.a. include, but are not limited to using social media, such as 
LinkedIn, Facebook, and/or Twitter, to directly communicate with any 
employee, customer, supplier, licensee, licensor, Prospective Customer or 
other business relation of the Company or any of its Affiliates, it being 
understood that any general update to Executives title or employer on 
Executives profile on such social media shall not be considered such 
direct communication;
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
  	b. 	during the employment relationship and one (1) year following the 
termination of the employment relationship, call on, solicit, accept 
business from, or provide service to, or sell to any supplier, licensee, 
licensor, customer, Prospective Customer, or other business relation of the 
Company, or induce, encourage or cause any such supplier, licensee, 
licensor, customer, Prospective Customer, or other business relation to 
reduce or terminate its business relationship with the Company;
 
  	c. 	During the employment relationship and one (1) year following the 
termination of the employment relationship (the Non-Compete Period), 
either for himself or for any other Person, own, manage, control, 
participate in, consult with, render services for, permit his name to be 
used or in any other manner or capacity engage in any business or 
enterprise which constitutes a Competitive Business. For purposes of this 
Agreement, the term participate includes any direct or indirect interest 
in any enterprise, whether as an officer, director, employee, partner, sole 
proprietor, agent, representative, independent contractor, consultant, 
executive, franchisor, franchisee, creditor, owner, member, shareholder or 
otherwise; provided, that the Competitive Business activities prohibited 
hereunder shall not include passive ownership of less than 5% of the stock 
of a privately-held or publicly-held corporation.
 
  	d. 	The Executive and the Company agree that should a Change in 
Control occur (as defined in section 12 of this Agreement), the 
restrictions contained in this Section 5 shall be in effect for only 60 
days from the effective date the Change in Control occurs.

6. Confidential Information, Work Product; Confidentiality of Terms.
 
  	a. 	Executive shall keep secret and retain the confidential nature of 
all Confidential Information (as hereinafter defined) of or belonging to 
the Company or any of its Affiliates and take such other precautions with 
respect thereto as the Company, in its sole discretion, may reasonably 
request. Executive shall not at any time, whether before or after the 
termination of his employment hereunder, use, copy, disclose, divulge or 
make available any Confidential Information or Work Product to any natural 
person, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, trust, 
governmental body or any other legal entity; except that Executive may use, 
copy or disclose to any Person any Confidential Information (i) to the 
extent required in the performance of his duties pursuant to this 
Agreement, (ii) to the extent it becomes publicly available through no 
fault of Executive, (iii) to the extent he is required to do so pursuant to 
applicable law, court order and/or court-issued subpoena, or (iv) with the 
prior written consent of the Sole Director.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
  	b. 	Executive agrees, subject to applicable law, to treat the terms of 
this Agreement as Confidential Information and to not disclose or discuss 
or release any such terms to any Person (except to Executives attorneys, 
accountants and other consultants who have agreed to keep such information 
confidential) without the consent of the Sole Director.
 
  	c. 	If, during the employment relationship, Executive is engaged in or 
associated with the research, investigation, planning or implementation of 
any project, program or venture on behalf of or involving the Company, all 
rights in the project, program or venture shall belong exclusively to the 
Company and shall constitute an opportunity belonging exclusively to the 
Company. Except as approved in advance and in writing by the Board of 
Directors of Kinex, Executive shall not be entitled to any interest in such 
project, program or venture or to any commission, finders fee or other 
compensation in connection therewith, other than the compensation to be 
paid to Executive by the Company as provided herein. Moreover, Executive 
hereby acknowledges that all Work Product is owned by the Company, and 
Executive covenants not to take any position or action contrary to such 
acknowledgement.
 
  	d. 	All Confidential Information disclosed or made available by the 
Company or its Affiliates to Executive shall at all times remain the 
personal property of the Company or such Affiliates as the case may be, and 
all documents, lists, plans, proposals, records, computer disks and other 
tangible items supplied to Executive that constitute or contain 
Confidential Information shall, together with all copies thereof, and all 
other property of the Company, be returned to the Company immediately upon 
termination of employment for whatever reason or if sooner, immediately 
upon demand by the Company.

7. Enforcement.
 
  	a. 	Executive further acknowledges that the scope of the business of the 
Company and its Affiliates is independent of location in the Territory and 
that as a senior executive of the Company, Executive has and will have 
direct and indirect responsibility, oversight and duties with respect to 
all of the businesses and enterprises of the Company and its controlled 
Affiliates and its and their current and prospective employees, vendors, 
customers, clients and other business relations, and that, accordingly, the 
restrictions contained in Sections 5 and 6 are reasonable in all respects 
and necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information, customer 
relationships and Work Product of the Company and its Affiliates and that, 
without such protection, the Companys and its Affiliates customer and 
client relations and competitive advantage would be materially adversely 
affected. It is specifically recognized by Executive that (i) Executive is 
significantly responsible for the growth and development of the Company and 
its Affiliates and the creation and preservation of their goodwill, (ii) 
money damages are insufficient to protect such interests, (iii) such 
prohibitions would be necessary and appropriate without regard to 
compensation being provided to Executive hereunder, and (iv) the Company 
would not enter into this Agreement with Executive without the restrictions 
contained in Sections 5 and 6. Executive further acknowledges that the 
restrictions contained in Sections 5 and 6 do not impose an undue hardship 
on him and that, since he has general business skills which may be used for 
a business other than a Competitive Business, do not deprive Executive of 
his livelihood. Executive agrees that the covenants made in Sections 5 and 
6 shall be construed as agreements independent of any other provision(s) of 
this Agreement and shall survive any order of a court of competent 
jurisdiction terminating any other provision(s) of this Agreement.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
  	b. 	If, at the time of enforcement of Section 5 or 6, a court holds that 
the restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then 
existing, the Parties agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical 
area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the 
stated period, scope or area. Because Executives services are unique and 
because Executive has access to Confidential Information, customers and 
Prospective Customers of the Company and Work Product, and for the other 
reasons set forth herein, the Parties agree that money damages would not be 
an adequate remedy for any breach of this Agreement. Therefore, in the 
event of a breach or threatened breach of any of Sections 5 or 6 of this 
Agreement, the Company and its successors and assigns shall, in addition to 
other rights and remedies existing in their favor, be entitled to obtain 
specific performance and injunctive or other relief in order to enforce, or 
prevent any violations of, the provisions hereof (without posting a bond or 
other security). To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in the 
event of a breach by Executive of Section 5 hereof, the Restricted Period 
shall be tolled until such breach or violation has been duly cured. 
Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 7 are reasonable and 
necessary to protect the Company.

8. Notices. Any notice provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing 
and shall be either personally delivered, mailed by first class mail 
(return receipt requested), or sent by overnight courier service: if to 
Kinex, to Kinexs then-current headquarters, attention: Teresa Bair, Esq., 
SVP of Corporate Development and Legal Affairs, and if to Executive, to 
Executives primary residence then on record with the Company (the Company 
shall be entitled to rely upon information provided by Executive from time 
to time concerning the address of Executives primary residence). Any 
notice under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the 
earlier of when so delivered or three (3) business days after being 
deposited in the mail (as the case may be).

9. Cooperation; Return of Company Property. For a period of one (1) year 
following termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive 
agrees to cooperate in good faith with the Company and to be reasonably 
available to the Company with respect to continuing or future matters 
arising out of Executives services to the Company and its Affiliates in 
exchange for compensation at an hourly rate of one hundred fifty dollars 
($150.00), provided, however, that the Executive shall provide such 
cooperation at no additional charge to the Company during any periods in 
which Executive is receiving compensation from the Company pursuant to 
Sections 4.b.iii., 4.d.ii., or 4.f. Upon termination, Executive shall 
promptly return to the Company all property of the Company and its 
Affiliates, whether tangible or intangible, which he possessed or had 
control over at any time during the employment relationship, including, 
without limitation, credit cards, building and office access cards, keys, 
computer equipment, cell phones, electronic devices, manuals, files, 
documents, records, software, customer database and other data, research, 
financial data and information, correspondence, statistics and payroll and 
other data, and any copies, compilations, extracts, excerpts, summaries and 
other notes thereof or relating thereto.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
10. Executives Representations. Executive hereby represents and warrants 
to the Company that: (a) the execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement by Executive do not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate 
or cause a default under any contract, agreement, instrument, order, 
judgment or decree to which Executive is a party or by which he is bound; 
and (b) this Agreement is the valid and binding obligation of Executive, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

11. Definitions.

Affiliate shall mean any of the following: (a) any affiliate as defined 
under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (b) 
any individual or entity who directly or indirectly controls, is controlled 
by or is under common control with the specified individual or entity, and 
(c) any pair of entities or an individual and an entity in which one of the 
two parties (in such pair) owns, directly or indirectly, at least twenty 
percent (20%) of the outstanding equity interests of the other party.

Cause shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

Change in Control shall mean (i) any merger, reorganization, or 
consolidation transaction or series of transactions, whether or not Kinex 
is the surviving or continuing corporation in such transaction; provided 
that such transaction or series of related transactions shall not be a 
Change in Control if the holders of the equity interests in Kinex 
immediately prior to such transaction or transactions will, immediately 
after such transaction or transactions (by virtue of securities issued as 
consideration for the transaction or otherwise) hold at least fifty percent 
(50%) of the voting power of the surviving, continuing or purchasing 
entity; or (B) any sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially 
all of the assets (tangible or intangible) of Kinex; or (C) any transfer, 
or series of related transfers, of at least 50% of the outstanding equity 
interests of Kinex, other than to Affiliates of Kinex and/or the existing 
stockholders.

Competitive Business shall mean any business or enterprise engaged in or 
contemplated to be engaged in the manufacturing of active pharmaceutical 
ingredients.

Crime of Moral Turpitude shall mean a crime involving conduct that shocks 
the public conscience as being inherently base, vile, or depraved, contrary 
to the rules of morality and the duties owed between man and man, either 
ones fellow man or society in general. The person committing it should 
have had either an evil intent or been acting recklessly.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, proprietary 
information, Intellectual Property, technical data, and trade secrets 
concerning or consisting of research, development, manufacturing and 
production of pharmaceutical products and/or medical devices, product 
plans, products, services, customer proposals and contracts, customer lists 
and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company or 
any of the Companys Affiliates on whom Executive called or with whom 
Executive became acquainted during the course of employment), requirements 
and contact information of customers and suppliers, customer leads, data, 
markets, software, programs, source codes and object codes, developments, 
inventions, processes, designs, product designs, drawing, engineering, 
hardware configuration information, formulas, formulations, prototypes, 
products, compositions, manuals, research, studies, equipment, machines, 
blueprints, specifications, discoveries, concepts, patent applications, 
technology, licenses, trade secrets, know-how, techniques, original works 
of authorship and any other information of a similar nature, whether or not 
patentable or copyrightable, documents or data stamped Confidential, 
marketing plans, this Agreement, any document related to the Acquisition, 
finances or other business information or strategies disclosed to 
Executive, either directly or indirectly, in writing, by drawings or by 
observation; provided, that Confidential Information shall not include 
information that: (a) is generally known to the public prior to disclosure, 
or after disclosure becomes generally known to the public through no act or 
failure to act on the part of the Executive; or (b) is rightfully furnished 
to the Executive by a Person without breaching any agreement, understanding 
or confidential relationship between such Person and the Company.

Good Reason shall mean, without Executives consent, the occurrence of 
one of the following: (i) a material diminution of the Executive Duties or 
change in Executives position or compensation or change or removal of both 
titles specified in Section 2; (ii) the Executives principal place of work 
is relocated by the Company or any acquiring or successor entity (or parent 
or subsidiary thereof) to a location more than one hundred (100) miles from 
the Companys present location in Clarence, New York; (iii) the Companys 
material breach of any provision of this Agreement; or (iv) resignation by 
the Executive after an act by the Sole Director or the Board of Directors 
of Kinex that would constitute a breach of the Companys or Kinexs code of 
ethics, if any, or fiduciary duties, a crime or material fraud; provided, 
however, Executives termination pursuant to Section 4.a.ii. shall not be 
for Good Reason unless Executive shall have given written notice to the 
Company within ninety (90) days after any event which has resulted in any 
such material diminution and the Company has failed to cure any such 
material diminution within thirty (30) days of receipt of such written 
notice from Executive.

Intellectual Property shall mean (a) all Work Product (whether or not 
patentable and whether or not reduced to practice), all improvements 
thereto, and all patents, patent applications, and patent disclosures, 
together with all reissuances, continuations, continuations-in-part, 
revisions, extensions, and reexaminations thereof, (b) all trademarks, 
service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, and corporate names, 
together with all translations, adaptations, derivations, and combinations 
thereof and including all goodwill associated therewith, and all 
applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (c) all 
copyrightable works, all copyrights, and all applications, registrations, 
and renewals in connection therewith, (d) all mask works and all 
applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (e) all 
trade secrets (as defined in the Uniform Trade Secrets Act and under 
corresponding foreign statutory and common law) and confidential business 
information (including ideas, research and development, formulas, 
compositions, manufacturing and production processes and techniques, 
technical data, designs, drawings, specifications, customer and supplier 
lists, pricing and cost information, and business and marketing plans and 
proposals) related to the Work Product, (f) all software (including 
firmware and other software embedded in hardware devices), software code 
(including source code and executable or object code), subroutines, 
interfaces, including APIs, and algorithms, (g) all other proprietary 
rights, and (h) all copies and tangible embodiments thereof (in whatever 
form or medium).
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
Person shall mean an individual, a partnership, a limited liability 
company, a corporation, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a 
joint venture, an unincorporated organization and a governmental entity or 
any department, agency or political subdivision thereof.

Prospective Customer shall mean a Person (i) to whom the Company or any 
Affiliate of the Company previously provided services within the two (2) 
years immediately preceding Executives termination, (ii) from whom the 
Company or any Affiliate of the Company has actively solicited business 
within the two (2) years immediately preceding the Executives termination, 
or (iii) to whom the Company or any Affiliate of the Company has planned to 
solicit business within the six (6) months immediately preceding the 
Executives termination as evidenced by inclusion on a prospective customer 
list, business plans, pipeline reports, or sales meetings.

Work Product shall mean any and all inventions, innovations, 
improvements, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, 
methods, trade secrets, designs, analyses, drawings, reports and all 
similar or related information (whether or not patentable or registrable 
under copyright or similar laws) which are solely or jointly conceived, 
developed, made or reduced to practice, or caused to be conceived, 
developed, made or reduced to practice, by Executive while employed by the 
Company or any of its Affiliates with respect to pharmaceutical products 
and/or medical devices; provided, however, that Work Product shall not 
include any invention that Executive developed entirely on his own time 
without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities or Confidential 
Information except for those inventions that either (a) relate at the time 
of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the Companys 
business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of 
the Company, or (b) result from any work performed by Executive for the 
Company or any of its Affiliates.

12. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall 
be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable 
law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any 
jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not 
affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement 
shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained 
herein.

13. Complete Agreement. This Agreement, including all Exhibits attached 
hereto, and the Proprietary Rights Agreement between the Company and 
Executive, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit A hereto, embodies the 
complete agreement and understanding among the Parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes and preempts any prior 
understandings, agreements or representations by or among the Parties, 
written or oral, that may have related to the subject matter hereof or 
thereof in any way.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by electronic or facsimile 
signature and in separate counterparts, each of which is deemed to be an 
original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same 
agreement.

15. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to 
the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and the Company, and their 
respective heirs, successors and assigns. Executive may not assign his 
rights or delegate his obligations hereunder without the prior written 
consent of the Company. Any attempted assignment of this Agreement in 
contravention of this Section 15 shall be null and void.

16. Jurisdiction and Venue. Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out 
of or relating to any provision of this Agreement (collectively, a 
Dispute) shall be venued exclusively in the state or federal courts 
located in the Western District of New York. Such courts are together 
referred to as the Exclusive Venues for litigation. The Parties agree not 
to institute any litigation except in the Exclusive Venues and further 
agree that specific enforcement of this covenant with respect to Exclusive 
Venues may be awarded to the Parties by means of all available legal or 
equitable remedies, including, without limitation, a temporary restraining 
order. The Parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of the 
Exclusive Venues, and waive any defense of inconvenient forum to the 
maintenance of any action or proceeding to be brought.

17. Amendment. The provisions of this Agreement may be amended or waived 
only with the prior written consent of the Company and Executive, and no 
course of conduct or failure or delay in enforcing the provisions of this 
Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of 
this Agreement.

18. Survival. The obligations of the Parties in Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 
16, 19 and 20 shall survive indefinitely (unless otherwise limited in 
duration in this Agreement) regardless of any termination or cancellation 
(for any reason) of this Agreement.

19. Costs and Expenses. In the event of any legal proceedings in connection 
with this Agreement, the non-prevailing party shall pay the reasonable fees 
and costs (including without limitation, attorneys fees, costs and 
expenses) of the prevailing party.

20. Governing Law. The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of New 
York without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or 
rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that 
would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the 
State of New York.

21. No Strict Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in the 
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Executive was represented by 
and consulted with counsel during the negotiation and preparation of this 
Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or 
interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted 
jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise 
favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any 
provisions of this Agreement.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
22. Paragraph Headings. Headings and subheadings herein are for convenience 
of reference only and are not of substantive effect.

23. Incorporation of Recitals. The recitals in the preamble of this 
Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement in their 
entirety.

24. Taxes. The Company may withhold from any payments made under this 
Agreement all applicable taxes, including but not limited to income, 
employment and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law.

[Signature Page Follows.]
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Employment Agreement as 
of the Effective Date.
 
KINEX POLYMED HONG KONG LTD
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	Flint D. Besecker
  	Title: 	  	Sole Director
 
 
 
William Zuo, Ph.D.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
EXHIBIT A

Proprietary Rights Agreement
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered 
into as of June 1, 2015 (the Effective Date) by and between KINEX 
POLYMED HONG KONG LTD, a company organized and existing under the laws of 
Hong Kong, its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns (the 
Company), and William Zuo, Ph.D.

In consideration of my employment, by the Company, I, William Zuo, Ph.D., 
agree to the following as a further condition to my Employment Agreement 
with the Company, dated of even date herewith (the Employment Agreement):

1. Inventions Retained and Licensed. I represent and agree that all 
inventions, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, 
improvements, trade secrets, scientific know-how, and intellectual property 
specifically related to the manufacturing of pharmaceutical products or 
medical devices developed by me, in whole or in part, during the term of my 
employment with the Company or any predecessor of the Company, under the 
scope of the terms and duties from the Employment Agreement, whether prior 
to, during or after the term of the Employment Agreement, whether 
patentable or not, (collectively referred to as, Inventions) shall be 
assigned by me to the Company. If in the course of my employment with the 
Company, I incorporate into a Company product, process or machine or other 
Company document or material an invention developed by me prior to my 
employment with the Company (Prior Invention) owned by me or in which I 
have an interest, the Company is hereby granted and shall have an 
exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to make, 
have made, modify, use and sell such Prior Invention as part of or in 
connection with the product, process or machine made by the Company. The 
provisions of this Section 1 will apply to all Inventions which are 
conceived or developed during the term of my employment, whether before or 
after the date of this Agreement, and whether further development or 
reduction to practice may take place after my employment terminates.

2. Assignment of Inventions. I agree that I will promptly make full written 
disclosure to the Company, will hold in trust for the sole right and 
benefit of the Company, and hereby assign to the Company, or its designee, 
all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Inventions, whether 
or not patentable or registrable under copyright laws, which I may solely 
or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be 
conceived or developed or reduced to practice, during the period of time I 
am employed by the Company. I further acknowledge that all original works 
or authorship, etc., which are made by me (solely or jointly with others) 
within the scope of and during the period of my employment with the Company 
and which are protectable by copyright are works made for hire as that 
term is defined under the United States Copyright Act.

3. Maintenance of Records. I agree to keep and maintain adequate and 
current records of all Inventions during the term of my employment with the 
Company. The records shall be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, and 
any other format that may be specified by the Company. The records shall be 
available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times.
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
4. Patent and Copyright Restrictions. I agree to assist the Company, or its 
designee, at the Companys expense, in every proper way to secure the 
Companys rights in any Inventions and any copyrights, patents, mask work 
rights or other intellectual property rights relating thereto in any and 
all countries, including the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent 
information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all 
applications, specifications, oaths, assignments and all other instruments 
which the Company shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain 
such rights and in order to assign and convey to the Company, its 
successors, assigns, and nominees the sole and exclusive rights, title and 
interest in and to such Inventions, and any copyrights, patents, mask work 
rights or other intellectual property rights relating thereto. I further 
agree that the foregoing obligation shall continue after the termination of 
my employment and/or of this Agreement. If the Company is unable because of 
my mental or physical incapacity, or for any other reason, to secure my 
signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any United States 
or foreign patents or copyright registrations covering Inventions or 
original works of authorship assigned to the Company as above, then I 
hereby irrevocable designate and appoint the Company and its duly 
authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney in fact, to act for 
and, in my behalf and stead, to execute and file any such applications and 
to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and 
issuance of letters patent or copyright registrations thereon with the same 
legal force and effect as if executed by me.

5. Notification of New Employer. Upon leaving the employ of the Company for 
any reason, I hereby grant consent to the Company to notify my new employer 
about my rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Employment 
Agreement, and I will furnish the Company with the name and address of my 
new employer, with respect to my next employment which occurs two (2) years 
thereafter.

6. Term. The term of this Agreement shall be perpetual and shall survive 
termination of the Employment Agreement regardless of the cause of 
termination of the Employment Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows.]
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement shall be binding upon my heirs, 
executors, administrators and other legal representatives and shall be for 
the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns.
 
Witness:
 
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Flint D. Besecker
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Sole Director
  	 	  	Date: 	  	
Witness:
 
  	 	  	
 
  	 	  	
Name: William Zuo, Ph.D.
  	 	  	Date:
 
3