 EX-10 13 filename13.htm
Exhibit 10.12

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

LICENSE AGREEMENT

by and between

Kinex Pharmaceuticals, INC.

and

ZenRx Limited

April 25, 2013
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
   	  	1 	  
 ARTICLE 2 GRANT OF RIGHTS
   	  	13 	  
 ARTICLE 3 INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;
 REGULATORY MATTERS
   	  	14 	  
 ARTICLE 4 PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS
   	  	23 	  
 ARTICLE 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   	  	31 	  
 ARTICLE 6 PATENT MATTERS
   	  	34 	  
 ARTICLE 7 CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY
   	  	42 	  
 ARTICLE 8 TERM AND TERMINATION
   	  	44 	  
 ARTICLE 9 INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
   	  	48 	  
 ARTICLE 10 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	51 	  
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of April 25, 2013, 
(Effective Date), by and between KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a 
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware 
and having its principal office at 701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, New York 
14203, USA (Kinex) and ZENRX LIMITED, a corporation existing under the 
laws of New Zealand and having its principal office at 156 Frederick 
Street, PO Box 1777, Dunedin 9054, New Zealand (ZenRx).


B A C K G R O U N D:

Kinex owns or Controls the Kinex Intellectual Property necessary for the 
manufacture and sale of the Oraxol and Oratecan (as such capitalized terms 
are hereinafter defined) including an exclusive license from Hanmi 
Pharmaceutical Ltd. to Kinex of the Patent Rights set forth in Schedule 1.2 
to this Agreement in the Territory and elsewhere (Hanmi License).

ZenRx and its Affiliates have experience in the development, marketing, 
promotion and sale of pharmaceutical products; and ZenRx desires to obtain 
the exclusive right and license in the Territory to further develop and 
thereafter commercialize the Licensed Products for indications in the Field 
(as such capitalized terms are hereinafter defined); and Kinex desires to 
grant to ZenRx such exclusive right and license in the Territory, all on 
the terms and conditions set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties 
and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Unless specifically set forth to the contrary herein, the following terms, 
whether used in the singular or plural, shall have the respective meanings 
set forth below:

1.1 Act means the United States Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as 
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any 
successor act, as the same shall be in effect from time to time.
 
1
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.2 Affiliate means with respect to a Party (a) any corporation or 
business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the securities or 
other ownership interests representing the equity, the voting stock or 
general partnership interest are owned, controlled or held, directly or 
indirectly, by a Party; (b) any corporation or business entity which, 
directly or indirectly, owns, controls or holds more than fifty percent 
(50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of a Party; (c) any corporation or 
business entity of which, directly or indirectly, an entity described in 
the immediately preceding subsection (b) controls or holds more than fifty 
percent (50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of such corporation or entity; or (d) 
any corporation or business entity of which a Party has the right to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest thereof.

1.3 Agreement Term has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(a).

1.4 Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(b).

1.5 Business Day means any calendar day, except that if an activity to be 
performed or an event to occur falls on a Saturday, Sunday or a day which 
is recognized as a national holiday in the place of performance of an 
applicable activity or occurrence of an applicable event, then the activity 
may be performed or the event may occur on the next day that is not a 
Saturday, Sunday or nationally recognized holiday.
 
2
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.6 Calendar Quarter means for each Calendar Year, each of the three (3) 
month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; 
provided, however, (i) that the first Calendar Quarter of any period 
specified under this Agreement shall extend from the commencement of such 
period to the end of the first complete Calendar Quarter thereafter; and 
(ii) the last Calendar Quarter shall end upon the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement.

1.7 Calendar Year means, for the year of execution of this Agreement, the 
period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2013, 
and for each year thereafter, each successive period beginning on January 1 
and ending twelve (12) consecutive calendar months later on December 31.

1.8 CFR means the United States Code of Federal Regulations.

1.9 cGMP means current good manufacturing practices.

1.10 Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.

1.11 Clinical Study(ies) means any clinical study of a Licensed Product 
conducted on humans.

1.12 Commercialize or Commercialization means promotion, marketing, 
sale, supply, manufacture, import, export and distribution of Licensed 
Products, including any educational or pre-launch activities.

1.13 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means exerting such efforts and 
employing such resources as would normally be exerted or employed by a 
Party for its other drug candidates and pharmaceutical products of a 
comparable stage of development and commercial potential; and for this 
Agreement, with respect to Regulatory Approval and First Commercial Sale of 
Licensed Product, means (i) Completion by ZenRx of one or more Clinical 
Study(ies) in New Zealand with a minimum of eighty
 
3
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(80) patients (and projected to be up to one hundred twenty (120) patients 
for Clinical Studies for both Oraxol and Oratecan) within four (4) years 
after the approval of the study plan approved by the Steering Committee 
(Clause 3.2), (ii) filing of an application for Regulatory Approval in New 
Zealand within four (4) years after the approval of the study plan approved 
by the Steering Committee (Clause 3.2), and filing of an application for 
Regulatory Approval in Australia within 12 months of receiving the US or EU 
application dossier, (iii) achieving First Commercial Sale of Licensed 
Product in each country in the Territory within 120 days of PBS listed in 
Australia unless ZenRx has reasonable grounds to believe that by doing so, 
the rights of third party might be breached. In such a case, payments as 
indicated in 4.1 e would be postponed till the issue is resolved; provided, 
however, Kinex shall grant a six month extension on the foregoing timelines 
at the reasonable request of ZenRx.

1.14 Completion means, with respect to any Clinical Study, the completion 
of treatment for the necessary number of patients required by the 
applicable protocol and completion of the statistical analysis of the study 
data.

1.15 Compound(s) means the pump inhibiting compound known as HM30181A (a 
P-Glycoprotein inhibitor) as diagrammed on Schedule 1.1 attached hereto, 
and any pharmaceutically acceptable salts, hydrates, solvates, amides, 
prodrugs, metabolites, and esters of the foregoing, or mixtures or 
combinations of such compound.

1.16 Control means possession of the ability to grant the rights and 
licenses as provided for herein without violating the terms of any 
agreement or arrangement with any Third Party.

1.17 Copyright means the right granted to an author or creator of an 
original work fixed in any tangible medium of expression, including without 
limitation, books, literary works, computer programs, and pictorial, 
graphic, dramatic and sculptured works, as well as derivative works and 
translations.
 
4
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.18 Data means any and all research data, pharmacology data, preclinical 
data, clinical data, chemistry, manufacturing and control (CMC) data, 
cGMP data, and/or all other similar documentation necessary or useful for 
the Development or Commercialization of the Licensed Products.

1.19 Develop or Development means those activities undertaken with 
respect to the Compound or Licensed Products which are devoted to the 
progression of a potential pharmaceutical product in Clinical Studies and 
any other activities directed toward quality issues, publication, 
Regulatory Approval, formulation, production or CMC of the Compound or 
Licensed Products, including any other pre-launch activities.

1.20 Disputed Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(b).

1.21 Dollar or $ means the lawful currency of the United States.

1.22 Drug Approval Application means an application for Regulatory 
Approval of a Licensed Product as a pharmaceutical product in a regulatory 
jurisdiction.

1.23 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereof.

1.24 Field means oral dosage pharmaceutical preparations for use in the 
treatment of oncologic indications.

1.25 First Commercial Sale means, with respect to any Licensed Product, 
the first sale to a Third Party for end use or consumption of such Licensed 
Product in a country in the Territory by ZenRx, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees (within 120 days after approval) or, where Regulatory Approval 
is not required, then the first sale for end use or consumption of a 
Licensed Product to a Third Party in that country in the Territory in 
connection with the nationwide introduction of such Licensed Product in 
that country in the Territory by ZenRx, its Affiliates or sublicensees.
 
5
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.26 Free Sell Certificate means a document issued by the Regulatory 
Authority of an exporting country certifying that Licensed Product imported 
by any another country is Licensed Product normally and freely sold in the 
exporting countrys open markets and approved for export. In Australia and 
New Zealand, the relevant document is called Certificate of Pharmaceutical 
Product.

1.27 Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist for a specific Licensed 
Product in a particular country as of any date if, during the two (2) 
immediately preceding Calendar Years, (a) Generic Products have a market 
share in the applicable country of at least thirty percent (30%) of the 
then combined unit volume of the applicable Licensed Product and Generic 
Products, or (b) at least one Generic Product is commercially introduced in 
such country and the Net Sales by ZenRx of the applicable Licensed Product 
in the applicable country decrease by at least thirty percent (30%) with 
each of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over such two (2) Calendar 
Years and compared to the Calendar Year immediately preceding the beginning 
of such two (2) Calendar Year period.

1.28 Generic Product means any pharmaceutical product that is (i) sold by 
a Third Party that is not a licensee or sublicensee of ZenRx or its 
Affiliates or sublicensees, under a marketing authorization granted by a 
Regulatory Authority to such Third Party, (ii) contains the Compound as an 
active pharmaceutical ingredient, and (iii) is approved in reliance on the 
prior approval of a Licensed Product as determined by the applicable 
Regulatory Authority in the applicable country.

1.29 Hanmi means Hanmi Pharmaceutical Ltd., a South Korean corporation, 
and the owner of the Patent Rights set forth in Schedule 1.2.

1.30 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the International Accounting Standard Board, consistently applied.

1.31 Improvements means all inventions and Know-How, patentable or 
otherwise, made, created, developed, conceived or reduced to practice by or 
on behalf of a Party and/or any of its Affiliates
 
6
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
pursuant to activities relating to or contemplated by this Agreement during 
the Agreement Term, that are necessary or useful for the Development or 
Commercialization of the Compound or Licensed Product for use in the Field 
including developments in the manufacture, formulation, ingredients, 
preparation, presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, 
indication, methods of use or packaging and/or sale of the Compound or 
Licensed Product.

1.32 IND means an Investigational New Drug application, this carries the 
same meaning in each of the countries in the Territory similar to what is 
described in the United States in 21 C.F.R. Section 312.23, obtained for 
purposes of conducting Clinical Studies in accordance with the requirements 
of the Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including all 
supplements and amendments thereto relating to the use of the Compound or 
Licensed Product in the Field.

1.33 Insurance has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6(a).

1.34 Intellectual Property means Patent Rights, Know-How, Copyrights and 
Trademarks collectively, that are necessary or useful for the Development 
or Commercialization of the Compound or Licensee Products, including any 
Improvements thereto.

1.35 Kinex Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

1.36 Kinex Intellectual Property means the Kinex Patent Rights, Kinex 
Know-How and other Intellectual Property owned or Controlled by Kinex or 
any of its Affiliates.

1.37 Kinex Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Kinex or any of its Affiliates.

1.38 Kinex Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Kinex, Hanmi or any of its Affiliates and as provided in 
Section 6.1, including the Patent Rights owned by Hanmi and listed in 
Schedule 1.2.
 
7
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.39 Know-How means all proprietary information and technology, including 
trade secret information, developments, discoveries, methods, techniques, 
formulations, Data, and other information, whether or not patentable, that 
are necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of the 
Compound or Licensed Product, or any Improvement thereto, in the Field.

1.40 Law(s) means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and 
other pronouncements having the binding effect of law of any governmental 
authority.

1.41 Licensed Product(s) means Oratecan and Oraxol for use in the 
Territory.

1.42 Losses means any and all damages, awards, deficiencies, settlement 
amounts, defaults, assessments, fines, dues, penalties (including penalties 
imposed by any governmental authority), costs, fees, liabilities, 
obligations, taxes, liens, losses, lost profits and expenses (including 
court costs, interest and reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and 
other experts) awarded or otherwise paid or payable to Third Parties.

1.43 NDA means a new drug application in any of the countries in the 
Territory similar to the new drug application submitted to obtain approval 
for the marketing of a Licensed Product in the United States, together with 
all subsequent submissions, supplements and amendments thereto.

1.44 Net Sales means the gross sales amount of Licensed Products invoiced 
to Third Parties by ZenRx, its Affiliates and sublicensees, less the 
following deductions (to the extent included in such gross sales amount):

(a) quantity and/or cash discounts therefor;

(b) customs, duties, sales and similar taxes;

(c) amounts allowed or credited by reason of rejections, return of goods 
(including as a result of recalls, market withdrawals and other corrective 
actions), and retroactive price reductions or allowances specifically 
identifiable as relating to a Licensed Product including allowances and 
credits related to inventory management or similar agreements with 
wholesalers;
 
8
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) amounts incurred resulting from government (or any agency thereof) 
mandated rebate programs in the Territory;

(e) Third Party rebates, patient discount programs, administrative fees and 
chargebacks or similar price concessions related to the sale of a Licensed 
Product;

(f) bad debt actually included on ZenRxs financial statements, provided 
that ZenRx has made Commercially Reasonable Efforts to collect on such 
debts;

(g) the expenses for insurance, freight, packing, shipping and 
transportation;

(h) commissions paid to agents or distributors to secure tender offers or 
other purchases by local authorities; and

(i) as agreed by the Parties, such agreement not to be unreasonably 
withheld, any other specifically identifiable amounts included in a 
Licensed Products gross sales amount that were or ultimately will be 
credited and that are similar to those listed above, all in accordance with 
IFRS.

All such discounts, allowances, credits, rebates and other deductions shall 
be fairly and equitably allocated to the Licensed Product, and, to the 
extent applicable, other products or services of ZenRx or its Affiliates or 
its sublicensees such that the Licensed Products do not bear a 
disproportionate portion of such deductions. For the avoidance of doubt, 
Net Sales shall not include sales by ZenRx to its Affiliates or 
sublicensees for resale; provided that, if ZenRx sells a Licensed Product 
to an Affiliate or sublicensee for resale, then the Net Sales calculation 
shall base on the higher of (i) the amount invoiced ZenRx to such Affiliate 
or sublicensee or (ii) the amount invoiced by such Affiliate or sublicensee 
to the Third Parties on the resale of such Licensed Product. For purposes 
of this Agreement, sale shall not include
 
9
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
transfers or other distributions or dispositions of a Licensed Product, at 
no charge, for regulatory purposes, clinical trials, samples, free products 
or in connection with patient assistance programs or other charitable 
purposes or to physicians or hospitals for promotional purposes. A Licensed 
Product shall be considered sold only when billed or invoiced.

1.45 Ongoing Clinical Study(ies) means Clinical Studies with enrolled 
patients that are in the process of being conducted. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this does not include Clinical Studies where no patient dosing has 
occurred.

1.46 Oratecan means any oral dosage, chemotherapy drug that contain the 
Compound and Irinotecan as active pharmaceutical ingredients.

1.47 Oraxol means any oral dosage, chemotherapy drug that contain the 
Compound and Paclitaxel as active pharmaceutical ingredients

1.48 Party means Kinex or ZenRx, as the context may require.

1.49 Parties Patent Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).

1.50 Patent Rights means any patents, patent applications, certificates 
of invention, or applications for certificates of invention and any 
supplemental protection certificates, together with any extensions, 
registrations, confirmations, reissues, substitutions, divisions, 
continuations or continuations-in-part, reexaminations or renewals thereof 
that claim or cover any of the Compound, Licensed Product or any 
Improvement, including methods of development, manufacture, formulation, 
preparation, presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, 
packaging, sale or use thereof.

1.51 PBS means Pharmaceutical Benefit Scheme of Australia.
 
10
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.52 Phase I Clinical Study(ies) means a Clinical Study that is intended 
to initially evaluate the safety or pharmacological effect of a Licensed 
Product in the Field in subjects or that would otherwise satisfy 
requirements of 21 CFR 312.2(a), or its foreign equivalent.

1.53 Phase II Clinical Study(ies) means a Clinical Study that is intended 
to initially evaluate the effectiveness of a Licensed Product in the Field 
in subjects or that would otherwise satisfy requirements of 21 CFR 
312.21(b), or its foreign equivalent.

1.54 Phase III Clinical Study(ies) means a pivotal Clinical Study, the 
results of which could be used to establish safety and efficacy of a 
Licensed Product in the Field as a basis for Regulatory Approval or that 
would otherwise satisfy requirements of 21 CFR 312.21(c), or its foreign 
equivalent.

1.55 Prime Rate means the rate announced from time to time by HSBC Bank, 
N.A. as its prime rate in New York, New York USA which is the base rate 
upon which other rates charged at such bank are based, and is the best rate 
available to premium customers at such bank.

1.56 Product Label(ing) shall have the same meaning as defined in the Act 
and as interpreted by the Regulatory Authority in each country in the 
Territory.

1.57 Proprietary Information means any and all scientific, clinical, 
technological, regulatory, marketing, financial and commercial information 
or data, whether communicated in writing, orally or by any other means, 
which is owned and under the protection of one Party and is provided by 
that Party to the other Party in connection with this Agreement, and shall 
include Kinex Know-How and ZenRx Know-How, as applicable, and the Data.

1.58 Regulatory Approval means approval by the relevant Regulatory 
Authority of an NDA or other Drug Approval Application, health 
registration, common technical document, regulatory submission, notice of 
compliance and any other license or permit required to be approved for the 
supply, manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product in a country, region or 
other regulatory jurisdiction.
 
11
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.59 Regulatory Authority means any governmental authority in a country, 
region or other regulatory jurisdiction that regulates the supply, 
manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product.

1.60 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and 
any successor agency having substantially the same functions.

1.61 Substantial Level Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist for a 
Licensed Product in a particular country as of any date if, during the two 
(2) immediately preceding Calendar Years, (a) Generic Products have a 
market share in the applicable country of at least sixty percent (60%) of 
the then combined unit volume of the applicable Licensed Product and 
Generic Products, or (b) at least one Generic Product is commercially 
introduced in such country and Net Sales of the applicable Licensed Product 
by ZenRx in the applicable country decrease by at least sixty percent (60%) 
with each of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over such two (2) 
Calendar Years and compared to the Calendar Year immediately preceding the 
beginning of such two (2) Calendar Year period.

1.62 Territory means the following designated countries only: Australia 
and New Zealand. All other countries are expressly excluded and retained by 
Kinex.

1.63 Third Party(ies) means a person or entity who or which is neither a 
Party nor an Affiliate of a Party.

1.64 Trademark means the trademark(s) for which either Party or any 
licensor to either Party has sought registration and all related service 
marks, domain names and other trademark related rights that are necessary 
or useful for the Development or Commercialization of the Licensed Products 
in the Field.
 
12
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.65 Valid Claim means any claim in an active patent application or 
issued in an unexpired patent which has not been held unenforceable, 
unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental 
agency of competent jurisdiction following exhaustion of all possible 
appeal processes, and which has not been admitted to be invalid or 
unenforceable through reissue, reexamination or disclaimer and has not been 
terminated for failure to pay maintenance fees.

1.66 ZenRx Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

1.67 ZenRx Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
ZenRx as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term.

1.68 ZenRx Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by ZenRx as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term, 
including as provided in Section 6.1.


ARTICLE 2

GRANT OF RIGHTS

2.1 Grants by Kinex. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Kinex hereby grants to ZenRx an exclusive right and license throughout the 
Territory (and with the right to grant sublicenses, with the prior written 
consent of Kinex) in and to the Kinex Intellectual Property, to develop, 
label, package, import, export, promote, distribute, make, use, sell, offer 
for sale, register, commercialize and otherwise exploit the Licensed 
Product(s) in the Field during the Term and a non-exclusive right to 
manufacture the Compound but solely for use in the Licensed Products. Any 
Affiliates of ZenRx exercising any rights of ZenRx under this Agreement 
shall be located within the Territory; provided, however, that ZenRx may 
use Affiliates or Third Parties located outside the Territory to assist in 
the development of Licensed Products with the prior written consent of 
Kinex. With respect to sales to Third Party distributors or other parties 
purchasing Licensed Product for resale, ZenRx shall use Commercially 
Reasonable Efforts to restrict such resales to within the Territory, 
including termination of sales to such parties if required by Kinex. 
Agreements with distributors and other parties purchasing Licensed Product 
solely for resale shall not require the prior written consent of Kinex.
 
13
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If ZenRx does not manufacture the Compound or Licensed Product(s) in the 
Territory, it shall only manufacture the Compound or Licensed Product(s) 
through manufacturers approved by Kinex; provided, however, that Kinex 
shall, upon request from ZenRx, provide ZenRx with information about, 
access to, and assist with agreements with, any manufacturers used by Kinex 
to manufacture Licensed Product and any such manufacturer shall be deemed 
approved by Kinex for use by ZenRx. If Kinex manufactures the Licensed 
Product internally, it shall, upon request from ZenRx, manufacture Licensed 
Product for ZenRx and provide at cost, with prices to be comparable to the 
cost of manufacture by third party manufacturers.

2.2 Retained Rights; No Implied Licenses. All rights not specifically 
granted to ZenRx under this Agreement are reserved and retained by Kinex. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of any 
license or other right to ZenRx, to or in respect of any product, patent, 
trademark, Proprietary Information, trade secret or other data or any other 
Intellectual Property of the other Party, except as set forth under this 
Agreement (including, but not limited to, the Mimetica and Opal discovery 
platforms or any compound or molecule in the Kinex libraries other than the 
Compound). Kinex expressly reserves and retains the right to develop or 
manufacture Licensed Products within the Territory for sale outside the 
Territory.


ARTICLE 3

INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND

COMMERCIALIZATION; REGULATORY MATTERS

3.1 Information and Transfer of Kinex Intellectual Property. As soon as 
practicable, but in no event later than forty-five (45) days after the 
Effective Date, Kinex shall disclose and deliver to ZenRx
 
14
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
electronic copies (or, upon ZenRx s request, copy of the originals) in the 
English language of all Data for continued Development and 
Commercialization in the Territory. In addition to the foregoing, Kinex 
shall provide ZenRx with such assistance as ZenRx may reasonably request 
(at ZenRxs cost and expenses) in connection with the foregoing 
disclosures, including making available at their place of employment (or 
such other location as the Parties may mutually agree upon) the assistance 
of such persons that were involved with the Kinex Intellectual Property.

3.2 Development and Commercialization.

(a) General. ZenRx shall be responsible for and shall itself, or through 
its Affiliates or sublicensees, conduct Development and Commercialization 
in the Territory in the Field during the Agreement Term as described by 
this Agreement. Within 90 days after receiving the US IND approval and 
after meeting with New Zealand MEDSAFE, ZenRx shall prepare a draft plan 
(in English) for Development and Commercialization in each of the countries 
within the Territory and send such draft plan to the Development and 
Commercialization Steering Committee (as defined in Section 3.4) which will 
provide advice on and input into the plan for Development and 
Commercialization during the Agreement Term. If ZenRx fails to prepare the 
draft plan within 90 days after receiving the US IND approval and after 
meeting with New Zealand MEDSAFE Oraxol, all rights and licenses under this 
Agreement shall immediately terminate, provided, however, Kinex shall grant 
a six month extension on any of the foregoing timelines at the reasonable 
request of ZenRx prior to any termination of this Agreement. If New Zealand 
MEDSAFE does not accept provisional registration of the products based 
mainly on the bioequivalence data, both parties shall meet and negotiate in 
good faith the best way to develop and commercialize the products in the 
territory. If New Zealand MEDSAFE will consider accepting the 
bioequivalence data, the timeline of development will then be determined by 
the Joint Steering Committee.
 
15
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Summary Reports. Upon Kinexs sixty (60) day prior written request, 
made within thirty (30) days of the end of the first Calendar Year 
following the Effective Date and each year thereafter during the Agreement 
Term, ZenRx shall provide Kinex with a written summary of Development and 
Commercialization undertaken on a country by country basis during the then 
current Calendar Year consistent with written reports issued by ZenRx in 
the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Clinical Studies. ZenRx will be responsible for, and conduct and 
administer at its sole cost and expense, all the local studies required for 
Regulatory Approval in each of countries within the Territory. 
Specifically, ZenRx will:

(i) Conduct all Clinical Studies in New Zealand for both Oraxol and 
Oratecan in support of the clinical strategy for cancer indications as 
identified in the Development Plan approved by the Development and 
Commercialization Steering Committee; and

(ii) Participate in the global Phase III Studies for Oraxol and Oratecan in 
such a manner in conjunction with Kinex that will support the approval of 
Licensed Products in each of the countries within the Territory.

Any failure to comply with the foregoing will be considered a breach of 
this Agreement.

(d) Referencing Data. The Data and results of any Clinical Studies or other 
studies conducted by a Party or its ex-Territory partners shall be made 
available to the other Party for referencing at no cost to the requesting 
Party for regulatory filing purposes, and each party hereby grants to the 
other Party a right of reference to use such Data for the Development and 
Commercialization of the Compound and Licensed Products, provided, however, 
that with respect to the right granted to ZenRx, such right shall be 
limited to the Development and Commercialization of the Licensed Products 
in the Field in the Territory. Each party shall make such Data and result 
of any Clinical Studies available to the other party in the English 
language within forty-five (45) days of first receipt of such Data or 
results of any Clinical Studies.
 
16
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Payment of Development and Commercialization Costs. ZenRx shall be 
responsible for all costs associated with Development and Commercialization 
of Licensed Products in the Territory. Notwithstanding the generality of 
the foregoing, (i) ZenRx shall reimburse Kinex for the direct costs 
incurred by Kinex in carrying out any Development within the Territory that 
was authorized or approved in writing in advance by ZenRx and (ii) Kinex 
shall be responsible for all costs associated with the issuance of a Free 
Sell Certificate by the Regulatory Authority of New Zealand after 
Regulatory Approval.

(f) Records. Under this Agreement, ZenRx shall maintain records, in 
sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent and 
regulatory purposes and in accordance with good industry practice, which 
shall be complete and accurate in all material respects and shall fully and 
properly reflect all work done and results achieved, including all Know-How 
and including individual case report forms, in the form required by 
applicable Laws.

(g) Promotional Materials and Activities. ZenRx shall create and develop 
the advertising and promotional materials for the Licensed Products in the 
Territory with the written approval of Kinex (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld) with respect to all such materials. As holder of the 
Regulatory Approvals in the Territory, ZenRx shall be responsible for all 
submissions and interactions with the Regulatory Authorities regarding 
approval of all Licensed Product-related promotional materials that require 
Regulatory Approval.

(h) Ownership of Copyrights and Trademarks. Kinex retains all rights to 
establish a global brand for each Licensed Product and it or its Third 
Party designee shall own all Copyrights and Trademarks for the Licensed 
Product in the Territory. ZenRx shall cooperate with and assist Kinexs 
global branding strategy. Kinex at its sole cost shall execute all 
documents and take all actions as are reasonably requested by ZenRx with 
respect to such filings and registrations, branding and artwork.
 
17
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) Sales of Licensed Products. All sales of Licensed Products shall be 
made, recorded, invoiced and collected by ZenRx. All terms regarding 
Licensed Product sales, including terms respecting credit, pricing, cash 
discounts, rebates, chargebacks, bad debt write-offs, and other fees and 
charges, and returns and allowances shall be set solely by ZenRx.

(j) Compliance with Laws. ZenRx shall in all respects comply with all 
applicable laws and applicable guidelines concerning the advertising, sales 
and marketing of prescription drug products in Commercializing Licensed 
Products in the Territory under this Agreement, including without 
limitation, the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended 
(FCPA) and any applicable local anti-bribery laws. ZenRx represents and 
warrants to Kinex that, (a) as of the Effective Date, ZenRx and its 
Affiliates have a system of internal accounting controls in place that are 
sufficient to provide reasonable assurances of compliance as required by 
the FCPA, and (b) ZenRx shall obligate any sublicensees that it or its 
Affiliates may engage with respect to Licensed Products to do the same; to 
bring any non-compliance therewith (should it ever occur) by any of the 
foregoing entities to Kinexs attention; and to promptly remedy any such 
non-compliance. ZenRx and its Affiliates shall maintain such procedures 
throughout the Agreement Term and shall promptly notify Kinex in writing 
with respect to any material non-compliance (other than non-compliance of 
the FCPA which shall be without regard to materiality) regarding 
Commercialization of Licensed Products.

(k) Supply of Licensed Product. Kinex shall provide to ZenRx free of 
charge, in accordance with regulatory requirements and as requested by 
ZenRx, the requirements for Licensed Products for Clinical Studies (of up 
to 120 patients) in the Territory.
 
18
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.3 Regulatory Matters.

(a) ZenRx Responsibility.

From and after the Effective Date:

(i) ZenRx shall have sole authority and responsibility for the timely 
preparation, filing and prosecution of all filings, submissions, 
authorizations or approvals with Regulatory Authorities, and shall own and 
control all such filings, submissions, authorizations and approvals, 
including any IND, NDA or other Drug Approval Application in the Territory. 
ZenRx shall provide copies of all such filings, submissions, authorizations 
and approvals upon reasonable request from Kinex, at ZenRxs sole cost and 
expense.

(ii) For New Zealand, ZenRx shall be leading the effort, and for Australia, 
ZenRx will be responsible for organizing the primary contact, in working 
with each Regulatory Authority in the Territory and shall be solely 
responsible for organizing for all communications with each Regulatory 
Authority that relate to any IND, NDA, or other Drug Approval Application 
in the Territory, provided, however, that upon the reasonable request of 
ZenRx, Kinex shall provide appropriate personnel to participate in 
discussions with a Regulatory Authority regarding the regulatory review 
process and shall assist and consult with ZenRx in applying for Regulatory 
Approval at ZenRxs cost and expense.

(iii) From and after receipt of each Regulatory Approval, ZenRx shall have 
exclusive authority and responsibility to submit all reports or amendments 
necessary to maintain Regulatory Approvals and to seek revisions of the 
conditions of each such Regulatory Approval in the Territory and shall keep 
Kinex promptly informed of any such actions. ZenRx shall have sole 
authority and responsibility to seek and/or obtain any necessary approvals 
of any Product Label, or prescribing information, package inserts, 
monographs and packaging used in connection with a Licensed Product, as 
well as promotional material used in connection with a Licensed Product, 
and for determining whether the same requires Regulatory Approval in the 
Territory.

(iv) With respect to each Licensed Product, ZenRx shall fully cooperate 
with and assist Kinex in obtaining a Free Sell Certificate (Certificate of 
Pharmaceutical Product) from the appropriate Regulatory Authority in the 
Territory, after Regulatory Approval for use by Kinex in countries outside 
the Territory including the execution of any and all documents and 
certificates that may be required from ZenRx to permit the issuance of such 
Free Sell Certificate.
 
19
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Regulatory Cooperation. Each Party is responsible concerning adverse 
drug reactions, safety information and compliance with regulatory 
requirements. ZenRx is responsible for providing any such data to Kinex 
that is required by the United States Regulatory Authority. The Parties 
hereby agree that they will each make Commercially Reasonable Efforts in 
coordinating their respective regulatory, Development and Commercialization 
efforts.

(c) Pharmocovigilance. During the Agreement Term, each of the Parties will 
notify appropriate Regulatory Authorities in accordance with applicable 
law, and the other Party, promptly after receipt of information with 
respect to any serious adverse event (as defined by the ICH Harmonized 
Tripartite Guideline on Clinical Safety Data Management), directly or 
indirectly attributable to the use or application of the Compound or any 
Licensed Product.

(d) Product Recalls. If any Regulatory Authority having jurisdiction in the 
Territory requires or reasonably requests to recall a Licensed Product due 
to a defect in the manufacture, processing, packaging or labeling of such 
Licensed Product or for any other reason whatsoever, ZenRx shall 
immediately notify Kinex. ZenRx shall have the sole right and 
responsibility, at its expense, to initiate all recall procedures required 
or requested by any such Regulatory Agency. ZenRx shall be responsible, at 
its expense unless the reason for the recall is the fault of the 
manufacturer on behalf of Kinex, for carrying out any such recall as 
expeditiously as possible and in such a way as to cause the least 
disruption to the sales of the Licensed Product and to preserve the 
goodwill and reputation attached to the Licensed Product and to the names 
of ZenRx and Kinex. ZenRx agrees to maintain the appropriate record and 
procedures to permit the recall of the Licensed Product.
 
20
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.4 Appointment and Administration of Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee for the Territory.

(a) As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement and in no 
event later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties 
will establish a four (4) person steering committee to oversee and review 
the Development and Commercialization of the Products in the Territory, 
which will include two (2) representatives of each of ZenRx and Kinex (the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee) and will be chaired 
by one of the representatives of ZenRx. All actions, decisions and 
approvals of the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee shall 
be unanimous. One member appointed by each Party will be a senior officer 
of such Party who is either (i) responsible for product development or (ii) 
has substantial experience in product development for similar products who 
is acceptable to the other Party. Each Party, at its sole discretion, may 
at any time during the Term of this Agreement replace a member it has the 
right to designate upon prior written notice to the other Party. Each Party 
will use reasonable efforts to cause its respective representatives to 
attend all meetings of the Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee. Each Party will bear the travel and out-of-pocket expenses 
incurred by its members or representatives in connection with the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committees meetings.

(b) The Development and Commercialization Steering Committee will meet at 
least once every Calendar Quarter, or more or less frequently as the 
Parties mutually deem appropriate, on dates and at times and places as 
agreed by the Parties. The Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee may also convene or be polled or consulted from time to time by 
means of telecommunications, video conferences or correspondence, as deemed 
by the Parties to be necessary or appropriate.
 
21
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) If there is a disagreement within the Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee, the members of the Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee shall promptly present the disagreement to the executive 
of each of ZenRx and Kinex who has the principal responsibility for his 
respective companys work under this Agreement. Once informed, such 
executives shall meet to discuss each partys view and to explain the basis 
for such disagreement. If such executives are unable to resolve such 
dispute within thirty (30) days of such meeting, (i) such dispute shall be 
submitted to a panel of three independent experts agreed upon by ZenRx and 
Kinex if it is a clinical dispute, or (ii) such dispute shall be submitted 
to arbitration if it involves the interpretation or enforcement of this 
Agreement, or (iii)ZenRxs decision shall be final and binding in all other 
issues not clinical disputes or disputes involving the interpretation or 
enforcement of this Agreement that are applicable only within the 
Territory, or (iv) Kinexs decision shall be final and binding in all other 
issues not clinical disputes or disputes involving the interpretation or 
enforcement of this Agreement that are applicable both within and outside 
the Territory. Any arbitration shall be conducted in English in Los 
Angeles, California USA in accordance with commercial arbitration rules of 
the American Arbitration Association.

(d) The Development Steering and Commercialization Committee, after taking 
into consideration of the suggestions from New Zealand MEDSAFE and the 
regulatory authority of Australia, the TGA, will have final decision making 
authority in the Territory concerning (i) approval and amendment, from time 
to time, of the plan for Development and Commercialization, (ii) the 
protocols for Clinical Studies of Licensed Products (including patient 
selection), (iii) the formulation used in respect of Licensed Product, and 
(iv) contracts relating to the manufacture of the Compound or Licensed 
Product(s).
 
22
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 4

PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS

4.1 Milestone Fees and Incentives. In further consideration of the rights 
granted by Kinex hereunder, ZenRx shall pay Kinex the following milestone 
fees, contingent upon occurrence of the specified event, with each 
milestone fee to be paid no more than once with respect to the achievement 
of such milestone event (but payable the first time such milestone event is 
achieved):
 
(a) 	   	Later of the Effective Date or delivery of the Hanmi Deed as 
provided for in Section 3.1 	   	US$50,000
(b) 	   	Ninety (90) days after enrollment of first patient in Phase III 
Clinical Study in the United States by Hanmi or Kinex if there is 
continuing enrollment as of such date 	   	US$***
(c) 	   	Filing of Drug Approval Application with Australia Regulatory 
Authority 	   	US$***
(d) 	   	Filing of Drug Approval Application with New Zealand Regulatory 
Authority 	   	US$***
(e) 	   	Within 120 days after receiving the Regulatory Approval of Oraxol 
and listing on Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme in Australia 	   	US$***
(f) 	   	Regulatory Approval of Oratecan and listing on Pharmaceutical 
Benefits Scheme in Australia 	   	US$***
 
23
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) 	   	If Net Sales of Oraxol in Australia during the two (2) years 
immediately following the date of commencement of commercial sales in 
Australia after Regulatory Approval and listing on the Pharmaceutical 
Benefits Scheme exceed US $40,000,000; 	   	US$***
(h) 	   	If Net Sales of Oraxol in Australia during the two (2) years 
immediately following the date of commencement of commercial sales in 
Australia after Regulatory Approval and listing on the Pharmaceutical 
Benefits Scheme exceed US$60,000,000 (payments under both subsections h and 
i may be required and are not alternative payments). 	   	US$***

Each milestone fee shall be deemed earned as of the achievement of the 
related milestone event and, except for (a) and (b), shall be paid by ZenRx 
within sixty (60) days after the achievement of each milestone event. Upon 
Regulatory Approval of either Oraxol or Oratecan in Australia and listing 
on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme, ZenRx will be deemed to have 
achieved all earlier milestones with respect to the applicable Licensed 
Product, and any payment for earlier milestones applicable to such Licensed 
Product shall be due and payable to the extent they have not already been 
paid.

To provide incentive to ZenRx to achieve the milestone events set forth 
above, Kinex shall pay the following incentives (Milestone Incentives) to 
ZenRx if Licensed Product is approved by the Regulatory Authority of New 
Zealand(including provisional approval) prior to Regulatory Approval in the 
United States or South Korea and on or before the dates set forth below:

(a) On or before the end of the 30th month after the date of acceptance of 
the IND for Oraxol by United States Regulatory Authority, at ZenRxs 
option, either (i) US $*** in cash or (ii) US $*** in cash plus US$*** of 
Series A Preferred Stock of Kinex (or the latest series of Kinex Stock or 
if publicly traded, Common Stock and all shares will be priced to the 
closing price of the last day of the trading); or

(b) After the end of the 30th month and on or before the end of the 35th 
month after the date of acceptance of the IND for Oraxol by the United 
States Regulatory Authority, at ZenRxs option, either (i) US$*** in cash 
or (ii) US$*** in cash plus US $*** of Series A Preferred Stock of Kinex 
(or the latest series of Kinex Stock or if publicly traded, Common Stock 
and all shares will be priced to the closing price of the last day of the 
trading).
 
24
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
As further incentive to ZenRx, Kinex shall pay the following incentive 
(Free Sell Incentive) to ZenRx if a Free Sell Certificate is issued by 
the Regulatory Authority of New Zealand (Certificate of Pharmaceutical 
Product) for use by Kinex prior to Regulatory Approval in the United States 
or South Korea and on or before eighteen (18) months after Regulatory 
Approval in New Zealand:

(a) On or before the end of the 12th month after Regulatory Approval in New 
Zealand, US$*** in cash, or

(b) After the end of the 12th month and on or before the end of the 18th 
month after Regulatory Approval in New Zealand, US$*** in cash (subsections 
a and b are alternative payments and not cumulative payments).

Each of the Milestone Incentives and Free Sell Incentives shall be deemed 
earned as of the achievement of the related milestone event and, all cash 
shall be paid by Kinex within ninety (90) days after the achievement of 
each milestone event. With respect to the shares to be issued, if no shares 
of Kinex Series A Preferred Stock are then currently outstanding, any cash, 
publicly tradable securities or class of securities to which the Series A 
Preferred Stock have been exchanged or converted shall be issued to ZenRx 
(Kinex Stock). The actual number of shares of Kinex Stock to be issued or 
paid to ZenRx (Equity Payment) shall be calculated by dividing the 
valuation of the Kinex Stock to be
 
25
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
received by ZenRx as set forth above by the last price paid for shares of 
Kinex Stock immediately prior to the milestone event that results in the 
issuance of the Kinex Stock to ZenRx. Kinex shall be entitled to withhold 
from the cash portion of the Milestone Incentives or Free Sell Incentive 
all amounts necessary to make all US withholding payments required with 
respect to the Milestone Incentives or Free Sell Incentive.

ZenRx and Kinex agree to comply with all US securities laws in connection 
with the issuance of the Equity Payment. ZenRx understands that any 
securities included in the Equity Payment may be restricted securities 
under US securities laws and regulations unless registered under US 
securities law, and it may be required to retain ownership of such 
securities until such securities have been registered with the SEC or an 
exemption from such registration is available. ZenRx is familiar with 
Regulation S and Rule 144 promulgated under the US Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended, and conditions on resale imposed thereby. ZenRx agrees to 
comply with all US securities laws in connection with the resale of any 
securities received as part of the Equity Payment, and Kinex will cooperate 
and assist ZenRx in connection with any such resale.

Kinexs obligation to pay the Equity Payment and issue the Kinex Stock 
shall be contingent upon ZenRx (1) executing such agreements, documents, 
forms, representations and restrictive covenants as may be required by (i) 
the Kinex governing documents, (ii) the SEC or comparable national 
securities agency, and (iii) the applicable taxing authorities (Equity 
Documentation). ZenRx shall have 12 months from the date of the applicable 
milestone event to complete the Equity Documentation. If ZenRx fails to 
complete the Equity Documentation within 12 months from the date of the 
applicable milestone event, Kinexs obligation to make the applicable 
Equity Payment shall expire and Kinex shall have no further obligation to 
make such Equity Payment to ZenRx. Upon timely completion of the Equity 
Documentation, the Kinex Stock shall be issued to ZenRx within 30 days 
thereafter.
 
26
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.2 Royalties.

(a) During each Calendar Quarter that royalties are due and payable to 
Kinex, ZenRx shall, pursuant to Section 4.3(a), pay to Kinex a royalty on 
annual (Calendar Year) aggregate Net Sales of Licensed Product by ZenRx and 
its Affiliates and sublicensees based upon the following tiered royalty 
rates (annual Net Sales is the aggregated total of all Net Sales in the 
Territory) (Royalties) as follows:
 
(i) 	   	For the first AU$20M of Calendar Year Net Sales 	   	***%
(ii) 	   	For Calendar Year Net Sales of greater than AU$20M but equal to 
or less than AU$40M 	   	***%
(iii) 	   	For Calendar Year Net Sales greater than AU$40M 	   	***%

(b) The royalty rate set forth above shall be reduced by forty percent 
(40%) for a Licensed Product sold in any country in the Territory in which 
Generic Competition exists for such Licensed Product; provided, however, 
that if Substantial Level Generic Competition exists for such Licensed 
Product in a country, no further Royalties shall be payable by ZenRx to 
Kinex with respect to such Licensed Product in the subject country. Market 
share for the purposes of determining Generic Competition or Substantial 
Level Generic Competition shall be established based on information 
provided by IMS Healthcare Incorporated or other recognized provider of 
market information to the healthcare industry acceptable to both ZenRx and 
Kinex. ZenRx shall pay of the cost of any such determination of market 
share.

(c) If ZenRx does not manufacture the Licensed Product in the Territory and 
the cost for such Licensed Product as invoiced to ZenRx by the manufacturer 
(excluding shipping costs, taxes and insurance) exceeds 15% of the 
formulary price for the Licensed Product as published by the Pharmaceutical 
Benefits Scheme of Australia or exceeds 10% of the formulary price for the 
Licensed Product as published by the New Zealand Medicines Formulary, the 
parties agree to meet and negotiate, in good faith, a reduction in the 
royalties payable to Kinex under this Section 4.2 of this Agreement.
 
27
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.3 Royalty Reports and Payments.

(a) Royalty Payments. Within sixty (60) days following the end of each 
Calendar Quarter that Royalties are payable by ZenRx to Kinex, ZenRx shall 
submit to Kinex a written report containing, with respect to such Calendar 
Quarter and for the then-current Calendar Year through the end of such 
Calendar Quarter, an accounting on a country-by-country basis of gross 
sales, Net Sales of ZenRx, its Affiliates and sublicensees, and Royalties 
payable in accordance with Section 4.2(a) for such Calendar Quarter, with a 
breakdown of all deductions taken in any such calculations, in accordance 
with the definition of Net Sales. Any conversion to United States Dollars 
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 4.4(c). In the event of any 
royalty reduction during any Calendar Quarter due to Generic Competition in 
any country in the Territory, the report for such Calendar Quarter shall 
also show the basis for the determination of such Generic Competition. 
Royalties shown to have accrued by each report shall be due and payable on 
the date such report is due.

(b) Following the expiration of all Royalties payable to Kinex on any 
Licensed Product in a country, ZenRx shall continue to furnish Kinex a 
written report on a country-by-country basis for the next four Calendar 
Quarters following expiration of all royalties and payments with respect to 
such Licensed Product, and shall state the basis for Net Sales then being 
free of royalty obligations hereunder. ZenRx shall thereafter have no 
further obligation to include in a report the Net Sales of such Licensed 
Product in such country for purposes of the royalty calculation for any 
Calendar Quarter. This obligation shall survive the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement in any country.

(c) Each Party shall keep and shall require its Affiliates and sublicensees 
to keep complete and accurate records in sufficient detail to permit 
accurate determination of all amounts necessary for calculation and 
verification of all payment obligations set forth in this Article 4 for a 
period of 36 months from the end of the relevant Calendar Quarter.
 
28
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.4 General Payment Provisions.

(a) Payment Method. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in 
United States Dollars by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds 
to an account designated by Kinex.

(b) Withholding Taxes. With respect to the milestone fees, ZenRx shall 
appoint, with Kinex approval, an agent, or ZenRx will act as the tax agent 
of Kinex and make all required withholding or other tax payments to, and 
file all appropriate tax form with, the taxing authority(ies) in the 
Territory at the expense and on behalf of Kinex.

With respect to all other payments under this Agreement, the payor may 
deduct the amount of any taxes imposed on receiving payee which are 
required to be withheld or collected by payor, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees under the laws, rules or regulations of any country on amounts 
owing hereunder. Any such taxes required to be withheld or collected shall 
be an expense of payee.

Payee shall provide payor any tax forms that may be reasonably necessary in 
order for payor to not withhold tax or to withhold tax at a reduced rate 
and payor shall apply the reduced rate of withholding, or dispense with 
withholding, as the case may be. Each Party shall provide the other with 
reasonable assistance to enable the recovery, as permitted by applicable 
laws, of withholding taxes, value added taxes, and similar obligations 
resulting from payments made under this Agreement, such recovery to be for 
the benefit of the Party bearing such withholding tax or value added tax. 
To the extent the payor, its Affiliates or sublicensees pays such 
withholding taxes to the appropriate governmental authority on behalf of 
payee, payor shall promptly deliver to payee proof of payment of such 
taxes.

(c) Currency Exchange. For purposes of computing royalties on Net Sales in 
any country outside the United States, the Net Sales shall be converted to 
United States Dollars using the year-to-date average rate of exchange for 
United States Dollars used by ZenRx for its internal financial accounting 
purposes; provided, however, that if for any reason conversion into United 
States Dollars
 
29
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
cannot be made in a country in the Territory, then notwithstanding the 
provisions of Section 4.4(a), payment may be made in the currency of such 
country by deposit in the name of Kinex in a bank account designated by 
Kinex in such country.

(d) Except as otherwise defined herein, all financial calculations by 
either Party under this Agreement shall be calculated in accordance with 
IFRS. In addition, all calculations shall give pro rata effect to and shall 
proportionally adjust (by giving effect to the number of applicable days in 
such Calendar Quarter) (i) for any Calendar Quarter that is shorter than a 
standard Calendar Quarter or any Calendar Year that is shorter than four 
consecutive full Calendar Quarters, or (ii) as a result of a determination, 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, that the first or last day 
of such Calendar Quarter (including as a result of termination of this 
Agreement) shall be deemed other than the actual first or last day of such 
Calendar Quarter, or that the first or last day of such Calendar Year shall 
be deemed other than the actual first or last day of such Calendar Year.

4.5 Audits. Upon the written request of Kinex, ZenRx shall permit an 
independent certified public accounting firm of recognized standing, 
selected by Kinex and reasonably acceptable to ZenRx (provided that such 
accounting firm shall not be retained or compensated on a contingency basis 
and shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement with ZenRx in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to ZenRx), to have access not more 
than once in any Calendar Year, during normal business hours, to such of 
the records of ZenRx as may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy 
of the reports under Section 4.3 hereof for any year ending not more than 
twenty-four (24) months prior to the date of such request. The accounting 
firm shall disclose to Kinex whether the reports are correct or incorrect, 
the specific details concerning any discrepancies (including the accuracy 
of the calculation of Net Sales and the resulting effect of such 
calculations on the amounts payable by ZenRx under this Agreement) and such 
other information that should properly be contained in a report required 
under this Agreement (the Audit Report)
 
30
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a) If such accounting firm concludes that additional amounts were owed 
during such year, and ZenRx agrees with such conclusion, then the ZenRx 
shall pay the additional payments, together with interest at the Prime Rate 
on the amount of such additional payments, within thirty (30) days of the 
date Kinex delivers the Audit Report to ZenRx. If such accounting firm 
concludes that amounts were overpaid by ZenRx during such period, Kinex 
shall repay ZenRx the amount of such overpayment, together with interest at 
the Prime Rate on the amount of such overpayment, within thirty (30) days 
of the date Kinex delivers the Audit Report to ZenRx. The fees charged by 
such accounting firm shall be paid by Kinex; provided, however, that if an 
error in favor of Kinex of more than five percent (5%) of the payments due 
hereunder for the period being reviewed is discovered, then the fees and 
expenses of the accounting firm shall be paid by ZenRx.

(b) Upon the expiration of twenty-four (24) months following the end of any 
year for which ZenRx or Kinex has made payment in full of amounts payable 
with respect to such year, and in the absence of negligence or willful 
misconduct of ZenRx or Kinex or a contrary finding by an accounting firm 
pursuant to Section 4.5(a), such calculation shall be binding and 
conclusive upon ZenRx or Kinex, and ZenRx or Kinex, as applicable, shall be 
released from any liability or accountability with respect to royalties or 
other payments for such year.


ARTICLE 5

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1 General Representations. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to 
the other Party as follows:

(a) Such Party is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and is in 
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, is 
qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation 
in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or the ownership 
of its properties requires such qualification and failure to have such 
would prevent it from performing its obligations under this Agreement;
 
31
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement 
has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and 
will not (i) violate any provision of any law, rule, regulation, order, 
writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award presently in 
effect having applicability to it or any provision of its charter or 
bylaws; or (ii) conflict with or constitute a default under any other 
agreement to which such Party is a party;

(c) This Agreement has been duly executed and is a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with the 
terms and conditions hereof, except as enforceability may be limited by (i) 
any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
similar law affecting creditors rights generally, or (ii) general 
principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at 
law;

(d) Such Party is not under any obligation to any person or entity, 
contractual or otherwise, that is in conflict with the terms of this 
Agreement, nor shall such Party undertake any such obligation during the 
Agreement Term;

(e) Such Party has obtained all authorizations, consents and approvals, 
governmental or otherwise, necessary for the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, and to otherwise perform such Partys obligations under this 
Agreement;

(f) Each party warrants that no other agreement it has entered into with a 
third party will affect the other partys right under this agreement; and

(g) Such Party shall perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with 
all applicable Laws.
 
32
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.2 Additional Representations and Warranties of Kinex. Kinex represents 
and warrants to ZenRx that:

(a) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) there is no Third Party 
infringement of any of the Kinex Intellectual Property; and (ii) the Kinex 
Intellectual Property is in full force where filed; and (iii) the Kinex 
Patent Rights where filed are not subject to any pending or threatened 
re-examination, re-issue, opposition, interference, challenge, litigation 
proceeding or other claim.

(b) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) Kinex has the right to 
use and disclose and to enable ZenRx to use and disclose (in each case 
under appropriate conditions of confidentiality) the Kinex Know-How; and 
(ii) the Kinex Intellectual Property is not subject to any encumbrance, 
lien, license or claim of ownership by any Third Party that would conflict 
with the terms of this Agreement.

(c) At no time during the Agreement Term shall Kinex assign, transfer, 
encumber or grant rights in or with respect to the Kinex Intellectual 
Property inconsistent with the rights granted to ZenRx under this 
Agreement.

5.3 Additional Representations and Warranties of ZenRx. ZenRx represents 
and warrants to Kinex that:

(a) At no time during the Agreement Term shall ZenRx assign, transfer, 
encumber or grant rights in or with respect to the ZenRx Intellectual 
Property inconsistent with the rights granted to Kinex under this 
Agreement.
 
33
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 6

PATENT MATTERS

6.1 Ownership of Inventions.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in and subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, as between the Parties:

(i) Kinex shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or Control 
over, as applicable, all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) (i) existing, owned or Controlled by it on the Effective Date, 
subject to the licenses and other rights for the specified Territory 
granted to ZenRx under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory 
and (ii) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice or 
generated under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory as a 
result of Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term solely by 
Kinex employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to its 
authority.

(ii) ZenRx shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated under this Agreement within the Territory as a result of 
Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term, solely by ZenRxs 
employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to its 
authority.

(iii) Kinex and ZenRx shall jointly own all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory as 
a result of Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term jointly by 
Kinex and ZenRx employees, agents, or other persons acting under or 
pursuant to their authority (Jointly Owned Intellectual Property). For 
the avoidance of doubt, the right, title and interest of a Party in, or 
control of, the Jointly Owned Intellectual Property shall survive the 
termination and expiration of this Agreement.

(iv) The Parties acknowledge that the rights of Kinex under this Article VI 
may vest in Hanmi under the terms and conditions of the Hanmi License.
 
34
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Employees and Agents. Each of Kinex and ZenRx shall require all of its 
and its Affiliates employees to assign all inventions and corresponding 
patent applications that are discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to 
practice or generated by such employees during the Agreement Term to Kinex 
and/or ZenRx according to the ownership principles described in Section 
6.1(a) and subject to the laws of the country of employment. Each Party 
shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to require any Third Parties 
working on any Development under the Agreement or who receive materials 
relating to a Licensed Product or Know-How from a Party, to assign or grant 
a sublicenseable exclusive license on a fully paid-up, royalty-free basis 
to all inventions and corresponding Patent Rights that are developed, made 
or conceived by such Third Parties during the Agreement Term to Kinex 
and/or ZenRx according to the ownership principles described in Section 
6.1(a).

6.2 Maintenance and Prosecution.

(a) Kinex Patent Rights. Kinex shall have the obligation to file, prosecute 
and maintain the Kinex Patent Rights contained in Schedule 1.2 to this 
Agreement in Kinexs name, by retaining patent counsel selected by Kinex 
and shall be responsible for the payment of all costs and fees relating to 
patent prosecution and maintenance. Kinex shall have the first right to 
file, prosecute and maintain any further Kinex Patent Rights in Kinexs 
name, by retaining patent counsel selected by Kinex and shall be 
responsible for the payment of all costs and fees relating to patent 
prosecution and maintenance. Kinex agrees to keep ZenRx informed of the 
course of patent prosecution, application or
 
35
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
other proceedings and to furnish ZenRx, per its request, with copies of 
office actions received by Kinex from any Regulatory Authority within the 
Territory concerning Kinex Patent Rights. Kinex shall also have the first 
right to file, prosecute and maintain all Jointly Owned Intellectual 
Property in all countries outside the Territory. ZenRx may request that 
Kinex make additional patent application filings within the Territory for 
the Kinex Intellectual Property. If Kinex elects not to make such filings 
within a period of thirty (30) days from the date of such request, ZenRx 
shall have the right to make the filing and prosecute the application in 
the name of and as agent for Kinex. In such event, ZenRx shall be 
responsible for the payment of all costs and fees relating to patent 
filing, prosecution and maintenance.

(b) ZenRx Patent Rights. ZenRx shall have the sole right to file, prosecute 
and maintain the ZenRx Patent Rights in ZenRxs name, by retaining patent 
counsel selected by ZenRx and shall be responsible for the payment of all 
costs and fees relating to patent prosecution and maintenance. ZenRx agrees 
to keep Kinex informed of the course of patent prosecution, application or 
other proceedings and to furnish Kinex, per its request, with copies of 
office actions received by ZenRx from any Regulatory Authority outside the 
Territory concerning ZenRx Patent Rights. ZenRx shall also have the first 
right to file, prosecute and maintain all Jointly Owned Intellectual 
Property in all countries in the Territory. ZenRx hereby grants a right of 
first refusal to Kinex for any ZenRx Patent Rights for which ZenRx intends 
to grant any right or license outside the Territory. ZenRx shall provide 
Kinex with written notice of the terms on which ZenRx proposes to license 
such ZenRx Patent Rights outside the Territory, and Kinex shall have ninety 
(90) days from the date of receipt of such written notice to send a written 
reply to ZenRx indicating its desire to license such ZenRx Patent Rights on 
the terms contained in ZenRxs written notice. If Kinex does not respond 
within the ninety (90) days, ZenRx shall be free to license such ZenRx 
Patent Rights to third parties outside the Territory on the terms and 
conditions contained in the written notice sent to Kinex.
 
36
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) The responsible Party under this Section 6.2 shall solicit the other 
Partys review of the nature and text of any patent applications within the 
Territory and important prosecution matters related thereto in reasonably 
sufficient time prior to the filing thereof, and the responsible Party 
shall take into account the other Partys reasonable comments related 
thereto. Each Party shall execute all documents and take all actions as are 
reasonably requested by the other Party with respect to any filings and 
registrations.

6.3 Third Party Infringement.

(a) Each Party shall promptly give the other Party notice of any actual or 
suspected infringement by a Third Party in the Territory of any patent 
included in the Kinex Patent Rights relating to the Licensed Products or 
Jointly Owned Intellectual Property (collectively, the Parties Patent 
Rights), which comes to such Partys attention. In addition, ZenRx shall 
give Kinex notice of any actual or suspected infringement which comes to 
its attention by a Third Party outside the Territory of any patent included 
in the Kinex Patent Rights relating to the Licensed Products or the Jointly 
Owned Intellectual Property. The Parties shall thereafter consult and 
cooperate to determine a course of action, including the commencement of 
legal action.

(b) Kinex shall have the first right to initiate and prosecute such legal 
action in the Territory at its own expense and in the name of Kinex and/or 
ZenRx, or to control the defense of any declaratory judgment action in the 
Territory relating to the Parties Patent Rights, and Kinex shall provide 
ZenRx with reasonable notice of any such action it commences and keep ZenRx 
reasonably informed of any significant developments in such action. ZenRx 
shall render all assistance reasonably requested in connection with any 
action taken by Kinex or to prevent such infringement. Any costs incurred 
by ZenRx shall be reimbursed by Kinex if approved in advance in writing. 
However, the control of such action, including whether to initiate any 
legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall be under the control 
of Kinex; provided that Kinex shall not settle any such claim or proceeding 
in a manner that adversely affects ZenRxs rights under this Agreement or 
which results in any monetary payment by or financial loss to ZenRx, 
without ZenRxs prior written consent, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.
 
37
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) If Kinex elects not to initiate and prosecute an infringement or defend 
a declaratory judgment action in any country in the Territory as provided 
in Section 6.3(b) within sixty (60) days after having become aware of such 
potential infringement, then ZenRx may elect, which election shall be 
subject to the prior written consent of Kinex to take such action that is 
reasonably necessary and appropriate to terminate or prevent such 
infringement, including instituting an infringement proceeding, provided, 
however, that ZenRx shall not enter into any settlement or compromise of 
any claim relating to the Parties Patent Rights licensed hereunder or 
which results in any material monetary payment by or financial loss to 
Kinex, without Kinexs prior written consent, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.

(d) Kinex shall have the sole right to initiate and prosecute any legal 
action outside the Territory with respect to the Kinex Patent Rights 
relating to the Licensed Products, or the Jointly Owned Intellectual 
Property at its own expense and in the name of Kinex and/or ZenRx, or to 
control the defense of any declaratory judgment action outside the 
Territory relating to such Patent Rights. However, the control of such 
action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the 
settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control of Kinex.
 
38
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) For any legal action or defense contemplated by this Section 6.3, in 
the event that any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such 
action solely in its own name, the other Party will join such action 
voluntarily and will execute all documents necessary for the Party to 
prosecute, defend and maintain such action. In connection with any such 
action, the Parties will cooperate fully and will provide each other with 
any information or assistance that either reasonably may request. Any 
recovery or award obtained by either Party as a result of any such action 
or settlement shall be shared as follows:

(i) the Party that initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, 
the action shall recoup all of its costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action, whether the 
recovery is by settlement or otherwise;

(ii) the other Party then shall, to the extent possible, recover its 
reasonably documented costs and expenses (including reasonable outside 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action; and

(iii) regardless of the Party initiating the action, each Party shall be 
entitle to fifty percent (50%) of the remaining recovery amount 
attributable to the Territory.

6.4 Third Party Intellectual Property.

(a) In the event that a Party becomes aware of any claim that the practice 
by either Party of Know-How or Patent Rights or manufacture, import, use or 
sale of any Licensed Product hereunder infringes the intellectual property 
rights of any Third Party in the Territory, such Party shall promptly 
notify the other Party. The Parties shall thereafter discuss the situation, 
and to the extent reasonably necessary, attempt to agree on a course of 
action.

(b) If within ten (10) Business Days the Parties fail to agree upon an 
appropriate course of action in the Territory, ZenRx shall have the first 
right, but not the obligation, to defend any action in the Territory 
related to the intellectual property rights of any Third Party or to 
initiate and prosecute legal action in the Territory related to the 
intellectual property rights of any Third Party in the name of ZenRx and/or 
Kinex. ZenRx shall keep Kinex reasonably informed as to the progress of any 
such action. Kinex shall render, all assistance reasonably requested in 
connection with any action taken by ZenRx. However, the control of such 
action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the 
settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control of ZenRx; provided 
that ZenRx shall not settle any such claim or proceeding in a manner that 
materially adversely affects Kinexs rights under this
 
39
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement or which results in any material monetary payment by or financial 
loss to Kinex, without Kinexs written consent, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. Kinex shall pay for all costs and expenses incurred 
by ZenRx in such defense. In addition, Kinex shall pay all damages awarded 
or settlement payments made (including future royalty or similar payments) 
to such Third Party.

(c) If ZenRx elects not to defend an infringement action in any country in 
the Territory as provided in Section 6.4(b), and Kinex elects to do so, the 
cost of any agreed-upon course of action, including the costs of any legal 
action commenced or any infringement action defended, shall be borne solely 
by Kinex, provided, however, that Kinex shall not enter into any settlement 
or compromise of any claim which results in any financial loss to ZenRx 
without the prior written consent of ZenRx, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, and Kinex shall pay all damages awarded or 
settlement payments made (including future royalty or similar payments) to 
such Third Party. For any such legal action or defense, in the event that 
any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such action solely in 
its own name, the other Party will join such action voluntarily and will 
execute all documents necessary for the Party to prosecute, defend and 
maintain such action. In connection with any such action, the Parties will 
cooperate fully and will provide each other with any information or 
assistance that either reasonably may request and all costs incurred in 
relation to such action shall be borne solely by Kinex.

(d) Kinex shall have the sole right, but not the obligation to defend any 
action related to the intellectual property rights outside the Territory of 
any Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal action outside the 
Territory related to the intellectual property rights of any Third Party in 
the name of ZenRx and/or Kinex. ZenRx shall render, at Kinexs expense, all 
assistance reasonably requested in connection with any action taken by 
Kinex. However, the control of such action, including whether to initiate 
any legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely be under 
the control of Kinex.

(e) If ZenRx has reasonable grounds to believe that the marketing or sale 
of any Licensed Product hereunder infringes the intellectual property 
rights of any Third Party in the Territory,
 
40
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ZenRx may refrain from any further marketing or sale of the Licensed 
Product which is the basis of such reasonable belief. ZenRx shall notify 
Kinex of its intent prior to the discontinuation of any such marketing or 
sale efforts. If ZenRx fails to commence marketing the Licensed Product 
within a period of one year after termination of its marketing efforts, 
ZenRx shall have materially defaulted in the performance of a material 
obligations hereunder and this Agreement shall be subject to termination by 
Kinex under Section 8.2(c) unless such failure to commence marketing is (i) 
pursuant to an effective order of a Regulatory Authority or court of 
competent jurisdiction or (ii) by mutual agreement of the Parties.

6.5 Patent Term Extensions. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in 
obtaining patent term extensions or restorations or supplemental protection 
certificates or their equivalents in any country in the Territory where 
applicable and where desired by ZenRx. Elections with respect to obtaining 
such extension or supplemental protection certificates shall be made in the 
same manner and with the same relative priorities between the Parties as is 
applicable to the prosecution and maintenance of Patent Rights pursuant to 
Section 6.2.

6.6 Patent Marking. ZenRx shall mark, and shall require its Affiliates and 
sublicensees to mark, all Licensed Products sold or distributed pursuant to 
this Agreement in accordance with the applicable patent statutes or 
regulations in the country or countries of manufacture and/or sale thereof.
 
41
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 7

CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY

7.1 Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Obligations. All Proprietary Information 
disclosed by one Party to the other Party hereunder shall be maintained in 
confidence and shall not be disclosed to any Third Party or used for any 
purpose except as expressly permitted herein without the prior written 
consent of the Party that disclosed the Proprietary Information to the 
other Party during the term of this Agreement and for a period often (10) 
years thereafter. The foregoing non-disclosure and non-use obligations 
shall not apply to the extent that such Proprietary Information:

(a) is known by the receiving Party at the time of its receipt, and not 
through a prior disclosure by the disclosing Party, as documented by 
records;

(b) is or becomes properly in the public domain or knowledge without breach 
by either Party;

(c) is subsequently disclosed to a receiving Party by a Third Party who may 
lawfully do so and is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the 
disclosing Party; or

(d) is developed by the receiving Party independently of Proprietary 
Information received from the disclosing Party, as documented by 
contemporary written records.

7.2 Permitted Disclosure of Proprietary Information. Notwithstanding 
Section 7.1, a Party receiving Proprietary Information of another Party may 
disclose such Proprietary Information:

(a) to governmental or other regulatory agencies in order to obtain patents 
pursuant to this Agreement, or to gain approval to conduct Clinical Studies 
or to market Licensed Product, but such disclosure may be only to the 
extent reasonably necessary to obtain such patents or authorizations and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or as otherwise requested by 
the Regulatory Authorities;

(b) by either Party to its agents, consultants, shareholders, sublicensees 
or Affiliates on the condition that such entities agree to be bound by 
confidentiality obligations consistent with this Agreement; or

(c) if required to be disclosed by law or court order, provided that 
notice is promptly delivered to the non-disclosing Party in order to 
provide an opportunity to challenge or limit the disclosure obligations.
 
42
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Certain Disclosures. Except as set forth in this Agreement or as 
required by law, neither Party shall make any press release or other public 
announcement or other public disclosure to a Third Party concerning the 
existence of or terms of this Agreement, the subject matter of this 
Agreement or the activities contemplated hereunder, without the prior 
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall include agreement 
upon the nature and text of such release, announcement or other disclosure 
and shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each Party agrees to 
provide to the other Party a copy of any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances prior to its scheduled release. Each Party shall have the 
right to expeditiously (but in any event within forty-eight (48) hours) 
review and recommend changes to any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure; provided, however, that such right of review 
and recommendation shall only apply for the first time that specific 
information is to be disclosed, and shall not apply to the subsequent 
disclosure of substantially similar information that has previously been 
disclosed unless there have been material developments relating to Licensed 
Product since the date of the previous disclosure; provided, further, that 
each Party shall provide to the other Party reasonable advance notice of 
any such subsequent disclosure. Without limiting the generality of any of 
the foregoing, it is understood that the Parties or their Affiliates may 
make disclosure of this Agreement and the terms hereof in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange and may use this Agreement as an exhibit to any filing 
with the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities exchange, and may 
distribute any such filing in the ordinary course of its business, 
provided, further, that to the maximum extent allowable by the rules and 
regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities 
exchange, and except as required by applicable Laws, Kinex and ZenRx shall 
seek to redact any confidential information set forth in such filings, and 
each Party shall provide a draft of the redacted version of this Agreement 
to the other Party no less than five (5) Business Days prior to filing with 
the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities exchange, and give 
reasonable consideration to the other Partys comments regarding any 
proposed redaction.
 
43
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.3 Publications. ZenRx shall not submit for written or oral publication 
any manuscript, abstract or the like relating to the Compound or Licensed 
Products, without the prior approval or written request of Kinex. If ZenRx 
desires to submit such publication, it shall first deliver to Kinex, for 
Kinexs prior written consent, the proposed publication or an outline of 
the oral disclosure at least sixty (60) days prior to planned submission or 
presentation.

7.4 Publicity. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or required 
by law or regulation, no Party will originate any news release or other 
public announcement, written or oral, whether in the public press, 
stockholders reports or otherwise, relating to this Agreement or to any 
sublicense under this Agreement, or to the performance under this Agreement 
or under any sublicense under this Agreement, without the prior written 
approval of the other Party, which approval will not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed; provided that the foregoing shall not restrict 
disclosures made in connection with any filing of information or materials 
with a stock exchange or the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
stockholders letter to private investors.


ARTICLE 8

TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1 Term and Expiration. This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as 
of the Effective Date. Thereafter, unless terminated earlier pursuant to 
Section 8.2 below, this Agreement shall extend for a period which may 
expire on a country by country basis upon the earliest to occur of either 
(i) the expiration of the Kinex Patent Rights or (ii) invalidation of the 
Kinex Patent Rights(the Agreement Term). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
after the occurrence of (i) or (ii) above, the Agreement Term shall 
automatically be extended for consecutive one (1) year periods subject to 
the same terms and conditions set forth herein (unless agreed otherwise) 
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to extend the 
Agreement Term: (i) at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration date 
of the Kinex Patent Rights; or (ii) as soon as practically possible in the 
case of an invalidation claim; and (iii) thereafter, at least ninety (90) 
days prior to the then current annual expiration date of the Agreement.
 
44
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.2 Early Termination of Agreement Term.

(a) This Agreement may be terminated upon mutual agreement of the Parties.

(b) Termination by ZenRx.

ZenRx may terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion upon not less 
than three (3) months prior written notice of termination provided any time 
after the Effective Date (provided, however, that no such termination shall 
be effective until the completion of any then Ongoing Clinical Studies). In 
addition, if any milestone event is met ZenRx prior to the termination 
date, ZenRx will also be responsible for the milestone payment.

(c) Termination by Either Party.

Either Party may, without prejudice to any other remedies available to it 
under this Agreement or at law or in equity, terminate this Agreement prior 
to expiration of the Agreement Term in the event that the other Party (as 
used in this subsection, the Breaching Party) shall have materially 
breached or defaulted in the performance of any of its material obligations 
hereunder, and has not cured such breach within (i) thirty (30) days after 
notice of such breach is provided to the Breaching Party in case the breach 
is a non-payment of any amount due under this Agreement that is not being 
disputed in good faith (which shall be deemed a material breach of a 
material obligation) and (ii) sixty (60) days after notice of such breach 
is provided to the Breaching Party for other cases of breach (or, if such 
default cannot be cured within such 60-day period, if the Breaching Party 
does not commence and diligently continue actions to cure such default 
during such 60-day period). The termination shall become effective at the 
end of the (i) 30-day period in case the breach is a non-payment of any 
amount due under this Agreement that is not being disputed in good faith if 
the Breaching Party has not cured such breach by such date, or (ii) for
 
45
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
other cases of breach, 60-day period unless (a) the Breaching Party cures 
such breach during such 60-day period, or (b) if such breach is not 
susceptible to cure within such 60-day period, the Breaching Party has 
commenced and is diligently pursuing a cure (unless such breach, by its 
nature, is incurable, in which case the Agreement may not be terminated 
unless the Breaching Party fails to use its best commercially reasonable 
efforts to prevent a similar subsequent breach). The right of either Kinex 
or ZenRx to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 8.2(c) 
shall not be affected in any way by such Partys waiver or failure to take 
action with respect to any previous breach or default.

8.3 Effect of Expiration or Termination; Survival.

(a) Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the 
Parties of any obligation accruing prior to such expiration or termination, 
including all accrued payment obligations arising under Article 4 hereof. 
In addition to any other provisions of this Agreement which by their terms 
continue after the expiration of this Agreement, the provisions of Article 
3.2(f), 4.2(b), 7 and 9 shall survive the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement and shall continue in effect after the date of expiration or 
termination for the longer of (i) five (5) years after the last sale of 
Licensed Product in the Territory, or (ii) the respective periods specified 
therein. In addition, any other provisions required interpreting and 
enforcing the Parties rights and obligations under this Agreement shall 
also survive, but only to the extent required for the full observation and 
performance of this Agreement. Any expiration or early termination of this 
Agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights of any Party against the 
other accrued or accruing under this Agreement prior to termination. Except 
as expressly set forth herein, the rights to terminate as set forth herein 
shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies available under this 
Agreement, at law, or in equity, or otherwise.

(b) Payments of amounts owing to Kinex under this Agreement as of its 
expiration or termination shall be due and payable either (i) to the extent 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the 
date
 
46
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of such expiration or termination, or (ii) to the extent such amounts 
cannot be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of expiration 
or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the date at which 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined.

(c) Subject to the payment of all amounts required hereunder, ZenRx and its 
Affiliates shall have the right to sell or otherwise dispose of the stock 
of any Licensed Product subject to this Agreement on hand or in process of 
manufacture as of the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Within 
thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination or expiration of 
this Agreement, ZenRx shall notify Kinex of the amount of Licensed Product 
ZenRx, its Affiliates and sublicensees then have on hand or in the process 
of manufacture and shall have the right to sell in the Territory (except 
with respect to any country in the Territory in which Licensed Product has 
been withdrawn or there is no Regulatory Approval), its remaining stock of 
Licensed Product for a period ending upon the earlier of: (i) ZenRxs, its 
Affiliates and sublicensees sale of all such remaining Licensed Product, 
or (ii) six (6) months after such termination or expiration, and terms and 
conditions of this Agreement shall apply to such Licensed Product so sold. 
Kinex hereby grants a non-exclusive license under the Kinex Intellectual 
Property to ZenRx solely to sell such Licensed Product in the Territory, 
subject to payment of all related amounts due under this Agreement. Any 
remaining quantities of Licensed Product not sold during this period shall, 
at Kinexs election, either be destroyed by ZenRx at ZenRxs cost or sold 
to Kinex at ZenRxs procurement cost for such Licensed Product.

(d) Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the following 
shall also be applicable: (i) at Kinexs request, ZenRx shall promptly 
transfer and return to Kinex copies of all Data, reports, records and 
materials in ZenRxs possession or control that relate to Compound or 
Licensed Products and return to Kinex all relevant records and materials in 
ZenRxs possession or control containing Proprietary Information of Kinex (
provided that ZenRx may keep one copy of such Proprietary Information of 
Kinex for archival purposes only); (ii) Kinex has the first right of 
purchase (at cost) of all
 
47
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
right, title and interest in and Control over all Intellectual Property 
owned and Controlled of ZenRx and arising from inventions during the 
Agreement Term as described in Section 6.1(a) (ii) of this Agreement, (iii) 
Kinex has the first right of purchase (at cost) of any and all INDs, 
Regulatory Approvals, Drug Approval Applications and any other regulatory 
filings or submissions made or filed for Licensed Product by ZenRx or its 
designees; and (iv) Kinex shall promptly return to ZenRx all relevant 
records and materials in Kinexs possession or control containing 
Proprietary Information of ZenRx (provided that Kinex may keep one copy of 
such Proprietary Information of ZenRx for archival purposes only).


ARTICLE 9

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

9.1 Indemnity. For purposes of this Article 9, Kinex Indemnified Parties 
refers to Kinex, its Affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, 
shareholders, agents and successors and assigns of Kinex and its 
Affiliates, and ZenRx Indemnified Parties refers to ZenRx, its Affiliates 
and officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents and successors and 
assigns of ZenRx and its Affiliates.

9.2 ZenRx Indemnification. ZenRx shall defend the Kinex Indemnified Parties 
from and against all Third Party suits, claims, actions, demands, 
complaints, lawsuits or other proceedings (collectively, Claims) and 
shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law 
the Kinex Indemnified Parties from and against any and all Losses, if such 
Claims or Losses arise out of or are attributable to, (i) ZenRxs 
negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or performing 
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a material 
breach by ZenRx of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or 
covenants under this Agreement; provided, however, that ZenRx shall not be 
obligated under this Section 9.2, to the extent it is shown by evidence 
acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over the subject matter 
and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such Claim that the Claim 
arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part of Kinex.
 
48
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
9.3 Kinex Indemnification. Kinex shall defend the ZenRx Indemnified Parties 
from and against all Claims and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the 
fullest extent permitted by law the ZenRx Indemnified Parties from and 
against any and all Losses in the Territory, if such Claims or Losses arise 
solely out of, (i) Kinexs negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct 
in exercising or performing any of its rights or obligations under this 
Agreement; or (ii) a material breach by Kinex of any of its obligations, 
representations, warranties or covenants under this Agreement; provided, 
however, that Kinex shall not be obligated under this Section 9.3, to the 
extent it is shown by evidence acceptable in a court of law having 
jurisdiction over the subject matter and meeting the appropriate degree of 
proof for such Claim that the Claim arose out of the negligence or 
wrongdoing on the part of ZenRx.

9.4 Indemnification Procedure.

(a) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any 
Claim. Concurrent with the provision of notice pursuant to this Section 
9.4(a), the Indemnified Party shall provide to the other Party copies of 
any complaint, summons, subpoena or other court filings or correspondence 
related to such Claim and will give such other information with respect 
thereto as the other Party shall reasonably request. The Indemnifying Party 
and Indemnified Party shall meet to discuss how to respond to such Claim. 
Failure to provide prompt notice shall not relieve any Party of the duty to 
defend or indemnify unless such failure materially prejudices the defense 
of any matter. Each Party agrees that it will take reasonable steps to 
minimize the burdens of the litigation on witnesses and on the ongoing 
business of the Indemnified Parties including making reasonable 
accommodations to witnesses schedules when possible and seeking 
appropriate protective orders limiting the duration and/or location of 
depositions.

(b) Should either Party dispute that any Claim or portion of a Claim (
Disputed Claim) of which it receives notice pursuant to Section 9.4(a), is 
an indemnified Claim, it shall so notify the other Party providing written 
notice in sufficient time to permit such other Party to retain counsel and
 
49
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
timely appear, answer and/or move in any such action. In such event, such 
other Party shall defend against such Claim; provided, however, that such 
other Party shall not settle any Claim which it contends is an indemnified 
Claim without providing the Indemnifying Party ten (10) Business Days 
notice prior to any such settlement and an opportunity to assume the 
defense and indemnification of such Claim pursuant to this Agreement. If it 
is determined that a Disputed Claim is subject to indemnification, the 
Indemnifying Party will reimburse the costs and expenses, including 
reasonable attorneys fees, of the Indemnified Party.

9.5 Settlement of Indemnified Claims. The Indemnifying Party under Sections 
9.2 or 9.3, as applicable, shall have the sole authority to settle any 
Indemnified Claim without the consent of the other Party, provided, 
however, that an Indemnifying Party shall not, without the written consent 
of the other Party, as part of any settlement or compromise (i) admit to 
liability on the part of the other Party; (ii) agree to an injunction 
against the other Party; or (iii) settle any matter in a manner that 
separately apportions fault to the other Party. The Parties further agree 
that as part of the settlement of any Indemnified Claim, an Indemnifying 
Party shall obtain a full, complete and unconditional release from the 
claimant on behalf of the Indemnified Parties.

9.6 Insurance.

(a) Kinex shall obtain and shall maintain, at its cost, commencing as of 
the Effective Date, commercial general liability insurance (including 
coverage for No Fault Insurance for Clinical Trails, product liability, 
contractual liability, bodily injury, property damage and personal injury) 
on behalf, and insuring the activities, of both Kinex and ZenRx relating to 
this Agreement with minimum limits of $5,000,000 per occurrence or, in case 
of Clinical Studies, $5,000,000 per occurrence during the period when such 
Clinical Studies are being conducted (the Insurance).
 
50
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Such Insurance shall insure against all liability arising out of the 
manufacture, use, sale, distribution, or marketing of Licensed Product in 
and for the Territory.

(c) Except as expressly stated herein, a Partys liability to the other is 
in no way limited to the extent of the Partys insurance coverage.

(d) The Insurance shall be primary to any other insurance maintained by 
each Party and each Party hereby waives any claim or demand as to 
participation in any such other insurance.

(e) The Insurance shall be valid in any location worldwide regarding the 
activities performed by each Party hereunder (including worldwide 
jurisdictions) for any destination or lawsuit which will be served against 
the other Party.

9.7 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO 
THE OTHER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, 
BUSINESS OR GOODWILL) SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY SUCH OTHER PARTY OR ITS 
AFFILIATES, WHETHER BASED UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, 
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING SENTENCE SHALL NOT LIMIT THE OBLIGATIONS OF 
EITHER PARTY TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY FROM AND AGAINST THIRD PARTY 
CLAIMS UNDER THIS ARTICLE


ARTICLE 10

MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be held liable or responsible to 
the other Party nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached the 
Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the 
Agreement during the period of time when such failure or delay is caused by 
or results
 
51
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
from events beyond the reasonable control of a Party, including fire, 
flood, earthquake, explosion, storm, blockage, embargo, war, acts of war 
(whether war be declared or not), terrorism, insurrection, riot, civil 
commotion, strike, lockout or other labor disturbance, failure of public 
utilities or common carriers, act of God or act, omission or delay in 
acting by any governmental authority or the other Party. The affected Party 
shall notify the other Party of such force majeure circumstances as soon as 
reasonably practicable.

10.2 Assignment. The Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred 
without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, 
that either Party may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate or in 
connection with the transfer or sale of its business or all or 
substantially all of its assets or in the event of a merger, consolidation, 
change in control or similar corporate transaction or by Kinex to Hanmi 
Pharmaceuticals Ltd., without such consent; provided further, that such 
assignment shall not relieve the Party of its responsibilities for 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement shall 
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted 
assigns of the Parties. Any assignment not in accordance with this 
Agreement shall be void.

10.3 Severability. In the event that any of the provisions contained in 
this Agreement are held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, 
unless the absence of the invalidated provision(s) adversely affects the 
substantive rights of the Parties. In such event, the Parties covenant and 
agree to renegotiate any such term, covenant or application thereof in good 
faith in order to provide a reasonably acceptable alternative to the term, 
covenant or condition of this Agreement or the application thereof that is 
invalid or unenforceable, it being the intent of the Parties that the basic 
purposes of this Agreement are to be effectuated.
 
52
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.4 Notices.

(a) Correspondence, reports, documentation, and any other communication in 
writing between the Parties in the course of ordinary implementation of 
this Agreement (but not including any notice required by this Agreement) 
shall be in writing and delivered by hand, sent by email, or by overnight 
express mail (e.g., FedEx) to any one (1) representative designated by the 
Party which is to receive such written communication.

(b) Extraordinary notices and communications (including but not limited to 
notices of termination, force majeure, material breach, change of address, 
or any other notices required by this Agreement) shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person, or sent by 
overnight courier service (e.g., FedEx), postage prepaid, or by facsimile 
confirmed by prepaid registered or certified air mail letter or by 
overnight express mail (e.g., FedEx), or sent by prepaid certified or 
registered air mail, return receipt requested, to the following addresses 
of the Parties (or to such other address or addresses as may be specified 
from time to time in a written notice), and shall be deemed to have been 
properly served to the addressee upon receipt of such written 
communication, to the following addresses of the Parties:

if to Kinex to:

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
701 Ellicott Street
Buffalo, New York 14203USA
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
Fax No.: 716-849-6651

if to ZenRx to:

ZENRX
156 Frederick Street, PO Box 1777
Dunedin 9054, NEW ZEALAND
Attention: Managing Director
Fax No.: (64) 34779 605
 
53
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may 
have furnished to the other Parties in writing in accordance herewith. Any 
such communication shall be deemed to have been given when delivered if 
personally delivered or sent by facsimile on a Business Day, upon confirmed 
delivery by nationally-recognized overnight courier if so delivered, and on 
the third Business Day following the date of mailing if sent by registered 
or certified mail.

10.5 Specific Performance. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that 
the other Party may suffer irreparable and continuing damage for which 
there is no adequate remedy at law in the event of a breach or threatened 
breach of this Agreement. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything herein 
to the contrary, each of the Parties agrees that the other Party shall be 
entitled to seek injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the provisions of 
this Agreement, and/or to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms 
and provisions hereof, in any action instituted in any court or tribunal 
having jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter, without posting any 
bond or other security, and that such injunctive relief shall be in 
addition to any other remedies to which such Party may be entitled, at law 
or in equity.

10.6 Further Assurances. Each of the Parties shall take such further 
actions as shall be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate the 
respective rights and obligations hereunder.

10.7 Applicable Law, Venue and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its 
conflict of laws principles. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for 
the International Sale of Goods shall not apply in any action, suit or 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Except as provide 
in Section 10.5, with regard to actions of specific performance, all 
disputes which arise in connection with this Agreement and its
 
54
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
interpretation shall be settled amicably between the Parties. If the 
dispute cannot be settled in an amicable manner, it will be settled by 
arbitration to be held in Los Angeles, California USA in conformity with 
commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association. The 
award rendered by arbitration shall be final and binding upon the Parties 
hereto. All arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the English 
language.

10.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules 
hereto, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter. All express or implied agreements and understandings, 
either oral or written, heretofore made, including any offering letters, 
letters of intent, or term sheets, are expressly superseded by this 
Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, or any term hereof modified, only 
by a written instrument duly executed by all Parties hereto.

10.9 Independent Contractors. It is expressly agreed that the Parties shall 
be independent contractors and that the relationship between the Parties 
shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. Neither Party 
shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or 
commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on 
the other Party, without the prior consent of such other Party.

10.10 Waiver. The waiver by a Party hereto of any right hereunder or the 
failure to perform or of a breach by another Party shall not be deemed a 
waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by 
said other Party whether of a similar nature or otherwise.

10.11 Headings; References. The captions to the several Articles and 
Sections hereof are not a part of the Agreement, but are merely guides or 
labels to assist in locating and reading the several Articles and Sections 
hereof. Any reference in this Agreement to an Article, Exhibit, Schedule or 
Section shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be to an Article, 
Exhibit, Schedule or Section of this Agreement. The words including, 
includes and such as are used in their non-limiting sense and have the 
same meaning as including without limitation and including but not 
limited to. Hereunder and hereto means under or pursuant to any 
provision of this Agreement.
 
55
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.12 Interpretation. Both Parties have had the opportunity to have this 
Agreement reviewed by an attorney; therefore, neither this Agreement nor 
any provision hereof shall be construed against the drafter of this 
Agreement.

10.13 Counterparts. The Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to the 
Agreement transmitted by fax, by email in portable document format 
(.pdf) or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original 
graphic and pictorial appearance of the Agreement shall have the same 
effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original 
signature.

10.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as specifically set forth 
herein, none of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit 
of or enforceable by any Third Party, including any creditor of either 
Party hereto. No such Third Party shall obtain any right under any 
provision of this Agreement or shall by reasons of any such provision make 
any claim in respect of any debt, liability or obligation (or otherwise) 
against either Party hereto.
 
56
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first set forth above.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By: 	  	
[LOGO]
 
Name: 	  	Johnson YN Lau, MD
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
ZENRX LIMITED
By: 	  	
[LOGO]
 
Name: 	  	Cheung-Tak Hung, PhD
Title: 	  	Managing Director
 
57
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1.1         DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND

SCHEDULE 1.2         KINEX PATENT RIGHTS
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1.1

DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND
HM30181A

***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1.2

PATENT RIGHTS
 
Country 	   	Status 	  	Patent No. 	  	Grant Date 	  	Expiry Date
 ***
   	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
   	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.