 EX-10.16 2 d314580dex1016.htm EX-10.16
Exhibit 10.16

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO.
DEFERRED EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN
(as amended and restated on January 18, 2017)

Purpose

The purpose of this Deferred Equity Participation Plan (the Plan) is to 
encourage key employees of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (together with its 
subsidiaries and affiliates, the Company), to remain employed with the 
Company until at least age 62. The retention of key employees promotes the 
interests of the Company and its stockholders by providing continuity of 
management and leadership and by capitalizing on the investments the 
Company has made in its key employees over the years.

In the event that a Participants Account is deemed invested in shares of 
the Companys common stock, par value $1.00 per share (Common Stock), 
such shares of Common Stock will either be contributed to the trustee of 
the Trust (as defined below) by the Company, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been distributed under the Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. 2014 
Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
plan adopted by the Company and approved by its stockholders (the LTIP), 
and will count against the limit on the number of shares of Common Stock 
available for distribution thereunder, or such shares shall have been 
purchased by the trustee of the Trust on the open market or in privately 
negotiated transactions, as a result of an irrevocable election by the 
Participant, and shall not be deemed to have been distributed under the 
LTIP.

Section 1. Trust and Trust Funding.

(a) Trust. The Company has formed The Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Deferred 
Equity Trust (the Trust) pursuant to the trust agreement dated March 22, 
2001, as amended. The Trust is intended to be a grantor trust under the 
Code and the establishment of the Trust or the utilization of the Trust for 
Plan benefits, as applicable, is not intended to cause any Participant to 
realize current income on amounts contributed thereto, and the Trust shall 
be so interpreted. Any such funds will be subject to the claims of all 
bankruptcy or insolvency creditors of the Company as provided in the Trust 
agreement. No Participant will have any vested interest or secured or 
preferred position with respect to such funds or have any claims against 
the Company hereunder except as a general creditor.

(b) Trust Funding. To the extent permissible under Section 409A of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and all 
regulations, interpretations and administrative guidance issued thereunder 
(collectively, Section 409A), the Company may contribute to the Trust 
either: (i) shares of Common Stock, or (ii) cash, in either case in an 
amount approved by the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the 
Companys Board of Directors (such contribution, the Annual Funding). 
Alternatively, the Company may contribute cash to the Trust and instruct 
the trustee to acquire a specified number of shares or a specified value of 
shares of Common Stock on the open market or in privately negotiated 
transactions. The Committee shall exercise all rights of ownership, 
including voting control, of the Trust assets prior to distribution under 
the Plan.

(c) Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust. The provisions of the Plan 
shall govern the rights of a Participant to receive distributions pursuant 
to the Plan. The provisions of the Trust shall govern the rights of the 
Company, the Participants and the creditors of the Company to the assets 
transferred to the Trust.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2. Participant Accounts.

(a) Accounts. The Company shall maintain an unfunded, bookkeeping account 
(an Account) for the benefit of each employee who participates in the 
Plan (a Participant).

(b) Annual Funding. Each year the Committee shall determine the allocation 
of the Annual Funding to be awarded to the Chief Executive Officer and 
other Section 16 officers of the Company. The Chief Executive Officer shall 
determine the list of other Participants and the allocation of the Annual 
Funding to be credited to each such Participants Account. Receiving an 
allocation under the Plan in any year does not in any way entitle the 
Participant to receive an allocation in any future year.

(c) Earnings. The Committee shall establish from time to time the 
hypothetical investment(s) made available under the Plan from time to time, 
which may include investments in Common Stock, for purposes of valuing 
Participant Accounts (each, an Investment). At any time, the Committee 
may, in its discretion, add one or more additional Investments under the 
Plan. In addition, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may discontinue 
any Investment at any time, and provide for the portions of Participants 
Accounts designated to the discontinued Investment to be reallocated to 
another Investment. While a Participants Account does not represent the 
Participants ownership of, or any ownership interest in, any particular 
assets, the Participants Account shall be adjusted in accordance with the 
Investment(s), subject to the conditions and procedures set forth herein or 
established by the Committee from time to time. Any notional cash earnings 
generated under an Investment (such as interest and cash dividends and 
distributions) shall, at the Committees sole discretion, either be deemed 
to be reinvested in that Investment or reinvested in one or more other 
Investment(s) designated by the Committee. All notional acquisitions and 
dispositions of Investments under a Participants Account shall be deemed 
to occur at such times as the Committee shall determine to be 
administratively feasible in its sole discretion and the Participants 
Account shall be adjusted accordingly. In addition, a Participants Account 
may be adjusted from time to time, in accordance with procedures and 
practices established by the Committee, in its sole discretion, to reflect 
any notional transactional costs and other fees and expenses relating to 
the deemed investment, disposition or carrying of any Investment for the 
Participants Account.

Section 3. Vesting.

(a) Initial Allocation. In order to comply with the requirements of the 
13-Month Rule (described below in Section 4(a)), notwithstanding any 
provision in the Plan to the contrary and except as set forth in Sections 
3(a)(i) - (iii), a Participants first allocation under the Plan shall not 
vest and shall be forfeited unless the Participant provides continuous 
services to the Company through the date that is 12 months from the 30th 
day after the Participant obtains the legally binding right to such 
allocation (the 13-Month Period). Notwithstanding the general forfeiture 
condition in this Section 3(a), a Participants Account shall be 
immediately vested and the default time and form of payment under Section 
4(a)(ii) (or, in the event of death, Section 4(e)) shall apply upon the 
first to occur during the 13-Month Period of any of the following events:

(i) the death of the Participant;
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) the Participant incurs a 409A Disability (for purposes of this 
subsection, 409A Disability means that the Participant is: (A) unable to 
engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically 
determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result 
in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less 
than 12 months; or (B) by reason of any medically determinable physical or 
mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be 
expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, 
receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three 
months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company; 
or (iii) determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security 
Administration); or

(iii) the Company undergoes a Change in Control (which shall have the 
meaning given to such term in the LTIP);

(b) General. Subject to the initial allocation rule in Section 3(a), a 
Participant shall become vested in his or her Account upon the earliest to 
occur of (each, a Vesting Date):

(i) The date determined under (A) or (B), as applicable:

(A) For allocations made to a Participants Account at any time on or prior 
to the date upon which the Participant attains age 61, the date upon which 
the Participant attains age 62;

(B) For allocations made to a Participants Account at any time after the 
date upon which the Participant attains age 61, the later of (i) the 
one-year anniversary of the date that the allocation is credited to the 
Participants Account, or (ii) March 31st of the year following the year in 
which the Award was granted;

(ii) the date of the Participants death;

(iii) the date of a termination of the Participants employment by the 
Company because of Disability (meaning that the Participants termination 
of employment occurs at a time when the Participant is disabled and 
qualifies to receive benefits under the Companys long-term disability 
plan, regardless of whether the Disability is also a 409A Disability);

(iv) the date of a termination of the Participants employment by the 
Company in a manner that entitles the Participant to receive a severance 
benefit pursuant to the Companys Severance Plan, as then in effect; or

(v) the date upon which the Company undergoes a Change in Control;

provided, in each case, that such Participant remains employed by the 
Company from the date the Participant received the allocation to his or her 
Account until the date on which such Account becomes vested.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4. Distributions.

(a) Initial Distribution Election.

(i) Within 30 days after a Participant first receives an award under the 
Plan, the Participant shall make a distribution election for his or her 
Account on such forms and subject to such other terms and conditions not 
inconsistent with this Plan as are required by the Committee. The 
distribution election shall specify a time of payment pursuant to Section 
4(b) and a form of payment pursuant to Section 4(c). A Participants 
initial distribution election for his or her Account is made in compliance 
with and in reliance on the rules governing initial deferral elections with 
respect to certain forfeitable rights under Section 1.409A-2(a)(5) of the 
Treasury Regulations (the 13-Month Rule). A Participants distribution 
election shall not apply to allocations made to the Participants Account 
after the date the Participant attains age 61, or to a Participants 
initial allocation which becomes entitled to accelerated vesting under 
Section 3(a)(i), (ii) or (iii), in each case adjusted for investment 
earnings and losses, and those amounts shall instead be paid in accordance 
with Section 4(a)(ii) (or Section 4(e), in the event of the Participants 
death).

(ii) Any Participant who fails to make such elections within such period, 
or whose elections were not permitted under Section 409A, shall be deemed 
to have elected to receive a lump-sum payment on the six-month anniversary 
of the date on which such Participant separates from service, as defined by 
Section 409A (a Separation from Service), with the Company. This payment 
rule shall also apply to a Participants initial allocation that becomes 
entitled to accelerated vesting under Section 3(a)(i), (ii) or (iii), and 
to any allocation made to a Participants Account following the date the 
Participant attains age 61, except to the extent that Section 4(e) applies 
due to the Participants death.

(b) Time of Payment. Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, the amount 
allocated to a Participants Account under the Plan and not required to be 
distributed under the default distribution rules of Section 4(a)(ii) or the 
death benefit distribution rules of Section 4(e) shall be distributed or 
commence to be distributed in the form elected by the Participant pursuant 
to Section 4(c) at one of the following times occurring on or after the 
Vesting Date as the Participant shall elect (the Distribution Date):

(i) on the Participants Vesting Date; provided, however, that if a 
Participant elects Vesting Date as his or her Distribution Date, his or 
her Account shall be payable as follows:

(A) If the Participant becomes vested in his or her Account under Section 
3(b)(iii) due to a termination of the Participants employment by the 
Company because of Disability, then no payment shall be made unless such 
termination of employment constitutes a Separation from Service. In the 
event that such termination of employment does not constitute a Separation 
from Service, then the Participants Account shall still fully vest upon 
such termination of employment, but shall not be payable until the first to 
occur of the date upon which the Participant attains age 62, a Change in 
Control or, in the case of a Participant who Separates from Service prior 
to the occurrence of either of such events, the six month anniversary of 
the Participants Separation from Service with the Company.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) If the Participant becomes vested in his or her Account under Section 
3(b)(iv) due to a termination of the Participants employment by the 
Company in a manner that entitles the Participant to receive a severance 
benefit pursuant to the Companys Severance Plan, then no payment shall be 
made unless such termination of employment constitutes a Separation from 
Service. In the event that such termination of employment does not 
constitute a Separation from Service, then the Participants Account shall 
still fully vest upon such termination of employment, but shall not be 
payable until the first to occur of the date upon which the Participant 
attains age 62, a Change in Control or, in the case of a Participant who 
Separates from Service prior to the occurrence of either of such events, 
the six month anniversary of the Participants Separation from Service with 
the Company.

(ii) on the six-month anniversary of the date on which such Participant 
undergoes a Separation from Service with the Company after the Vesting 
Date; or

(iii) on the first day of any calendar year beginning after the year in 
which the Participant attains age 62 but not later than the calendar year 
in which the Participant attains age 70.

(c) Form of Payment. The Participant may elect to receive a distribution of 
his or her Account (excluding amounts required to be distributed under the 
default distribution rules of Section 4(a)(ii) or the death benefit 
distribution rules of Section 4(e)) in the form of:

(i) a lump-sum payment;

(ii) ten equal annual installment payments commencing on the Distribution 
Date, and due on the next nine anniversaries of the Distribution Date; or

(iii) five equal annual installment payments commencing on the Distribution 
Date, and due on the next four anniversaries of the Distribution Date.

In the event a Participant elects a lump-sum payment pursuant to Section 
4(c)(i), such payment shall be made by the end of the calendar year in 
which the Distribution Date occurs, or, if later, the 15th day of the third 
month following the Distribution Date. In the event a Participant elects 
annual installment payments pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) or Section 
4(c)(iii): the first such installment payment shall be made by the end of 
the calendar year in which the Distribution Date occurs, or, if later, the 
15th day of the third month following the Distribution Date; and each 
subsequent installment payment shall be made by the end of the calendar 
year in which the appropriate anniversary of the Distribution Date occurs, 
or, if later, the 15th day of the third month following the appropriate 
anniversary of the Distribution Date. The amount of each installment 
payment shall be equal to the value of the Participants Account divided by 
the number of installments remaining to be paid. Under no circumstances 
will the Participant be permitted to directly or indirectly designate the 
year of payment.

(d) Subsequent Distribution Elections. Subject to any restrictions that may 
be imposed by the Committee, a Participant may change his or her 
distribution election at any time, and from time to time; provided, 
however, that:

(i) the election may not take effect until the first anniversary of the 
date on which such election change is submitted to the Company on a form 
prescribed by the Company;
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) no such election shall be effective if the Participant is previously 
scheduled to receive distributions under the Plan within one year following 
the date on which such election change is submitted to the Company;

(iii) such election provides for a Distribution Date that is at least five 
years later than the previous Distribution Date, in accordance with Section 
409A;

(iv) a Participant who elects Vesting Date as his or her Distribution 
Date under Section 4(b) shall only be permitted to make a subsequent 
election as to the form of payment pursuant to Section 4(c);

(v) a Participant who does not elect Vesting Date as his or her 
Distribution Date under Section 4(b) shall not be permitted to elect 
Vesting Date as his or her Distribution Date under this Section 4(d).

For the avoidance of doubt, if a Participant elected to commence payment on 
the first day of a specific calendar year under Section 4(b)(iii), then no 
subsequent distribution election shall be effective if the effect of such 
election is that payment is made or commences under Section 4(b)(iii) later 
than the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70. In the 
event an election change does not become effective, the prior valid 
election of such Participant shall govern the form of distribution.

(e) Death. In the event a Participant dies before such Participants 
distribution has begun or has been paid in full, any unpaid portion of such 
Participants vested Account under the Plan shall be paid to the 
beneficiary designated by the Participant, or if no beneficiary has been 
designated, to the Participants estate. Such unpaid portion shall be paid 
in a lump sum by the end of the calendar year in which the Participant died 
or, if later, the 15th day of the third month following the date of the 
Participants death. Under no circumstances will the beneficiary be 
permitted to directly or indirectly designate the year of payment.

(f) Delay of Payment. The Company may delay any payment to a Participant 
under the Plan if the Company reasonably anticipates that the Company would 
not be permitted to deduct such payment by reason of Section 162(m) of the 
Code. In such event, the Company (without any determination or election as 
to timing by the Participant) will make such payment either (i) in the 
Participants first taxable year in which the Company reasonably 
anticipates or should reasonably anticipate that Section 162(m) of the Code 
will not limit the Companys deduction of such payment, or (ii) during the 
period beginning on the date on which such Participant undergoes a 
Separation from Service with the Company and ending on the last day of such 
taxable year (or if later, ending on the 15th day of the third month 
following the date of the Separation from Service). If the Company delays 
payment until the Participants Separation from Service, then to the extent 
required by Section 409A, the payment will be subject to a six-month delay 
following the date of a Participants Separation from Service if the 
Participant is a specified employee (as defined by Section 409A) on the 
date of the Participants Separation from Service. Any delay of payment 
pursuant to this Section 4(f) shall be made in accordance with the 
requirements therefor under
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 409A, and this Section 4(f) shall be construed and administered in 
a manner consistent with Section 409A and Treasury Regulation 1.409A-2 
(b)(7) or the corresponding provision in future guidance issued by the 
Internal Revenue Service or the Treasury. By participating in this Plan, a 
Participant voluntarily acknowledges and consents to any delay of payment 
by the Company pursuant to this Section 4(f).

(g) Medium of Payment. The portion of each Account, if any, that is deemed 
invested in shares of Common Stock shall be distributed in shares of 
unrestricted Common Stock, which may have been purchased by the trustee of 
the Trust on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, and 
all other distributions under the Plan shall be paid in cash.

Section 5. Forfeitures.

(a) Termination Prior to Vesting Date. In the event a Participants 
employment with the Company terminates prior to such Participants Vesting 
Date, then the Participants Account under the Plan shall be forfeited.

(b) Violation of Restrictive Covenants. In the event a Participant violates 
the provisions of Section 6 prior to the Participants Distribution Date or 
the date(s) any payment are due after a Participants Distribution Date, 
then the unpaid portion of the Participants Account under the Plan shall 
be forfeited.

Section 6. Restrictive Covenants; Clawback.

(a) If, at any time before the later of (i) ten years after the Vesting 
Date; or (ii) two years after the final payment of any installment due to 
the Participant after the Distribution Date, the Participant, in the sole 
determination of the management of the Company, engages in any activity in 
competition with any activity of the Company, or inimical, contrary or 
harmful to the interests of the Company, including, but not limited to: (1) 
conduct related to his or her employment for which either criminal or civil 
penalties against him may be sought, (2) violation of Company policies, 
including, without limitation, the Companys Insider Trading Policy, (3) 
directly or indirectly, soliciting, placing, accepting, aiding, counseling 
or consulting in the renewal, discontinuance or replacement of any 
insurance or reinsurance by, or handling self-insurance programs, insurance 
claims or other insurance administrative functions (insurance services) 
for, any existing Company account or any actively solicited prospective 
account of the Company for which the Participant performed any of the 
foregoing functions during the two-year period immediately preceding such 
termination or providing any employee benefit brokerage, consulting, or 
administration services, in the areas of group insurance, defined benefit 
and defined contribution pension plans, individual life, disability and 
capital accumulation products, investment advisory services and all other 
employee benefit areas (benefit services) the Company is involved with, 
for any existing Company account or any actively solicited prospective 
account of the Company for which the Participant performed any of the 
foregoing functions during the two-year period immediately preceding such 
termination or, if the Participant has not terminated employment, the date 
of the prohibited activity (the term Company account as used in this 
Section shall be construed broadly to include all users of insurance 
services or benefit services including commercial and individual consumers, 
risk managers, carriers, agents and other insurance intermediaries), (4) 
the rendering of services for any organization which is competitive
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with the Company, (5) employing or recruiting any current or former 
employee of the Company, (6) disclosing or misusing any confidential 
information or material concerning the Company, or (7) participating in a 
hostile takeover attempt of the Company, then the Participants Account 
shall be forfeited effective as of the date on which the Participant enters 
into such activity, unless terminated sooner by operation of another term 
or condition of this Plan, and any payments made from a Participants 
Account to such Participant from and after the Distribution Date shall be 
repaid by the Participant to the Company. Such repayment shall include 
interest measured from the first date the Participant engaged in any of the 
prohibited activities set forth above at the highest rate allowable under 
Delaware law.

(b) By participating in the Plan, each Participant acknowledges that the 
Participants engaging in activities and behavior in violation of Section 
6(a) above will result in a loss to the Company which cannot reasonably or 
adequately be compensated in damages in an action at law, that a breach of 
Section 6(a) will result in irreparable and continuing harm to the Company 
and that therefore, in addition to and cumulative with any other remedy 
which the Company may have at law or in equity, the Company shall be 
entitled to injunctive relief for a breach of Section 6(a) by the 
Participant. By participating in the Plan each Participant acknowledges and 
agrees that the requirement in Section 6(a) above that the Participant 
disgorge and pay over to the Company any payments received from the 
Participants Account by such Participant is not a provision for liquidated 
damages. The Participant agrees to pay any and all costs and expenses, 
including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by the Company in enforcing 
any breach of any covenant in this Plan.

(c) To the extent permitted by Section 409A, by participating in the Plan, 
each Participant consents to deductions from any amounts the Company owes 
the Participant from time to time (including amounts owed as wages or other 
compensation, fringe benefits or vacation pay, as well as any other amounts 
owed to the Participant by the Company) to the extent of the amounts the 
Participant owes the Company under Section 6(a) above. Whether or not the 
Company elects to make any set-off in whole or in part, if the Company does 
not recover by means of setoff the full amount owed, calculated as set 
forth above, the Participant agrees to pay immediately the unpaid balance 
to the Company.

Section 7. Adjustment of Shares. The number of shares of Common Stock 
allocated to each Participants Account shall be appropriately adjusted, in 
the sole discretion of the Committee, to reflect any stock split, stock 
dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, 
combination, exchange of shares, liquidation, spin-off or other similar 
change in capitalization or event, and the reinvestment of cash dividends.

Section 8. Amendment or Termination of the Plan.

(a) Plan Amendment. The Company reserves the right to amend the Plan at any 
time and for any reason, including such amendments as are necessary to 
comply with the requirements of Section 409A, by action of the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company. The Company also reserves the right to 
suspend the Plan at any time, for any given calendar year or otherwise; 
provided, however, that in the event of a suspension of the Plan, the 
Participants Accounts shall remain payable in accordance with the 
Participants payment election and the terms of this Plan.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Plan Termination. The Company has no obligation to maintain the Plan 
for any length of time and may terminate the Plan at any time in a manner 
that complies with the requirements of Section 409A. The Plan may terminate 
the Plan and accelerate the time and form of payment under the Plan only as 
permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix), which generally 
permits:

(i) Change in Control Event. In the event of a Change in Control of the 
Company, the Plan may be terminated and liquidated pursuant to irrevocable 
action taken during the period commencing 30 days before and ending 12 
months after the Change in Control, but only if: (A) all arrangements 
sponsored by the Company that would be aggregated with the Plan pursuant to 
Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(c) are terminated and liquidated with respect 
to every participant who experienced such Change in Control; and (B) all 
amounts payable under such plan(s) for such participants are paid within 12 
months after the irrevocable action is taken.

(ii) Liquidation and Dissolution of the Company. In the event of a complete 
liquidation and dissolution of the Company, the Company shall terminate the 
Plan within 12 months of the liquidation and dissolution of the Company and 
the value of Participants Accounts under the Plan shall be determined as 
of that date and shall be distributed to the Participants or their 
beneficiaries; provided, however, that the benefits payable under the Plan 
are included in the gross income of the Participants or their beneficiaries 
in the latest of: (A) the calendar year in which the Plan termination 
occurs; (B) the calendar year in which the amount is no longer subject to a 
substantial risk of forfeiture; or (C) the first calendar year in which the 
payment is administratively practicable.

(iii) Discretionary Termination. The Company may, at its sole and absolute 
discretion, determine to terminate the Plan, provided that: (A) the 
termination does not occur proximate to a downturn in the financial health 
of the Company, (B) all arrangements sponsored by the Company that would be 
aggregated with the Plan pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1 (c) if 
the same Participant participated in all of the arrangements are 
terminated; (C) no payments other than the payments that would be payable 
under the terms of the arrangements if the termination had not occurred are 
made within 12 months of the termination of the arrangements; (D) all 
payments are made within 24 months of the termination of the arrangements; 
and (E) the Company does not adopt a new arrangement that would be 
aggregated with any terminated arrangement under Treasury Regulation 
1.409A-1(c) if the same Participant participated in both arrangements, at 
any time within three years following the date of termination of the 
arrangements.

(c) Other Permissible Accelerations.

(i) Section 409A Failure. An acceleration of the time of payment under the 
Plan to a Participant shall be permitted at any time the Plan fails to meet 
the requirements of Section 409A; provided, however, that the payment made 
based upon the acceleration for the failure to meet the requirements of 
Section 409A may not exceed the amount required to be included in income as 
a result of the failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A.

(ii) Event of Taxation. If, for any reason, all or any portion of a 
Participants Account under the Plan becomes taxable to the Participant 
prior to receipt, a Participant may petition the Committee before a Change 
in Control, or the trustee after a Change in Control, for a
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
distribution of the state, local or foreign taxes owed on that portion of 
his or her benefit that has become taxable. Upon the grant of such a 
petition, which grant shall not be unreasonably withheld, the Company 
shall, to the extent permissible under Section 409A, distribute to the 
Participant immediately available funds in an amount equal to the state, 
local and foreign taxes owed on the portion of the Participants Account 
that has become taxable. If the petition is granted, the tax liability 
distribution shall be made within 90 days of the date that the 
Participants Account under the Plan became taxable. Such a distribution 
shall affect and reduce the benefits to be paid to the Participant under 
the Plan.

This Section 8 shall be construed and administered in a manner consistent 
with Section 409A and Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3 (j)(4) or the 
corresponding provision in future guidance issued by the Internal Revenue 
Service or the Treasury.

Section 9. Compliance with Section 409A. It is intended that any amounts 
payable under this Plan will comply with Section 409A, and the regulations 
promulgated thereunder, so as not to subject any Participant to the payment 
of any interest and tax penalty which may be imposed under Section 409A. 
The Plan shall be administered and interpreted to the extent possible in a 
manner consistent with that intent and the Companys Policy Regarding 
Section 409A Compliance. The Company shall not be responsible for any such 
interest and tax penalties under Section 409A. To the extent permissible 
under Section 409A, the timing of the payments or benefits hereunder may be 
modified to so comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any Plan provision 
to the contrary, to the extent any Participant is entitled to receive a 
payment under the Plan upon such Participants Separation from Service, 
such payment shall be made on the date that is six months after the date of 
such Separation from Service.

Section 10. Consent to Transfer Personal Data. By participating in this 
Plan, a Participant voluntarily acknowledges and consents to the 
collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in 
this Section. Participants are not obliged to consent to such collection, 
use, processing and transfer of personal data. However, failure to provide 
the consent may affect the Participants ability to participate in the 
Plan. The Company holds certain personal information about the Participant, 
that may include his or her name, home address and telephone number, date 
of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, 
salary grade, hire data, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of 
stock held in the Company, or details of all awards under the Plan, for the 
purpose of managing and administering the Plan (Data). The Company will 
transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of 
implementation, administration and management of Participants 
participation in the Plan, and the Company may each further transfer Data 
to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, 
administration and management of the Plan. These recipients may be located 
throughout the world, including the United States. Each Participant 
authorizes them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in 
electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering 
and managing the Participants participation in the Plan, including any 
requisite transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration 
of the Plan and/or the subsequent holding of shares of stock on the 
Participants behalf to a broker or other third party with whom the 
Participant may elect to deposit any shares of stock acquired pursuant to 
the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, review Data, require any 
necessary amendments to it or withdraw the consents herein in writing by 
contacting the Company; however, withdrawing consent may affect the 
Participants ability to participate in the Plan.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 11. Administration. This Plan shall be administered by the 
Committee. The Committee shall, subject to the terms of this Plan, 
interpret this Plan and the application thereof, establish rules and 
regulations it deems necessary or desirable for the administration of this 
Plan and may impose, incidental to the grant of an award, conditions with 
respect to any award. All such interpretations, rules, regulations and 
conditions shall be final, binding and conclusive. Subject to applicable 
law, the Committee may delegate some or all of its power and authority 
hereunder to the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or other executive 
officer of the Company as the Committee deems appropriate; provided, 
however, that the Committee may not delegate its power and authority to the 
Chief Executive Officer or other executive officer of the Company with 
regard to the selection for participation in this Plan of an officer or 
other person subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended, or decisions concerning the timing or amount of an award to 
such an officer or other person. No member of the Board or Committee, and 
neither the Chief Executive Officer nor any other executive officer to whom 
the Committee delegates any of its power and authority hereunder, shall be 
liable for any act, omission, interpretation, construction or determination 
made in connection with this Plan in good faith, and the members of the 
Board and the Committee and the Chief Executive Officer or other executive 
officer shall be entitled to indemnification and reimbursement by the 
Company in respect of any claim, loss, damage or expense (including 
attorneys fees) arising therefrom to the full extent permitted by law, 
except as otherwise may be provided in the Companys Certificate of 
Incorporation and/or By-laws, and under any directors and officers 
liability insurance that may be in effect from time to time.

Section 12. Non-Transferability of Accounts. No Account shall be 
transferable other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or 
pursuant to beneficiary designation procedures approved by the Company. 
Except to the extent permitted by the preceding sentence, no Account may be 
sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated, encumbered or otherwise 
disposed of (whether by operation of law or otherwise) or be subject to 
execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to so sell, 
transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any 
such Account, such Account and all rights thereunder shall immediately 
become null and void.

Section 13. Tax Withholding. The Company shall have the right to withhold 
or require payment by each Participant of any Federal, state, local or 
other taxes which may be required to be withheld or paid in connection with 
the vesting or distribution of such Participants Account.

Section 14. Restrictions on Shares. Each award made hereunder shall be 
subject to the requirement that if at any time the Company determines that 
the listing, registration or qualification of the shares of Common Stock 
subject to such award upon any securities exchange or under any law, or the 
consent or approval of any governmental body, or the taking of any other 
action is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, 
the delivery of shares pursuant to an award granted under this Plan, no 
shares shall be so delivered unless such listing, registration, 
qualification, consent, approval or other action shall have been effected 
or obtained, free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The 
Company may require that certificates evidencing shares of Common Stock 
delivered pursuant to the Plan bear a legend indicating that the sale, 
transfer or other disposition thereof by the holder is prohibited except in 
compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and 
regulations thereunder.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 15. No Right of Participation or Employment. No person shall have 
any right to participate in this Plan. Neither this Plan nor any award made 
hereunder shall confer upon any person any right to continued employment by 
the Company or affect in any manner the right of the Company to terminate 
the employment of any person at any time without liability hereunder.

Section 16. No Rights as Stockholder. No person shall have any right as a 
stockholder of the Company with respect to any shares of Common Stock or 
other equity security of the Company which is subject to this Plan unless 
and until such person becomes a stockholder of record with respect to such 
shares of Common Stock or equity security.

Section 17. Designation of Beneficiary. If permitted by the Company, a 
Participant may file with the Company a written designation of one or more 
persons as such Participants beneficiary or beneficiaries (both primary 
and contingent) in the event of the Participants death. Each beneficiary 
designation shall become effective only when filed in writing with the 
Company during the Participants lifetime on a form prescribed by the 
Company. The spouse of a married Participant domiciled in a community 
property jurisdiction shall join in any designation of a beneficiary other 
than such spouse. The filing with the Company of a new beneficiary 
designation shall cancel all previously filed beneficiary designations.

Section 18. Governing Law. This Plan and all determinations made and 
actions taken pursuant thereto, to the extent not otherwise governed by the 
laws of the United States, shall be governed by the laws of the State of 
Delaware and construed in accordance therewith without giving effect to 
principles of conflicts of laws.

Section 19. Claims Procedure. The claims procedure of the Arthur J. 
Gallagher & Co. Employees 401(k) Savings and Thrift Plan shall apply to 
this Plan; provided, however, that for purposes of the Plan, any reference 
to the Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Employees 401(k) Savings and Thrift Plan 
Benefits Committee in such claims procedure shall refer to the Committee.

Section 20. Electronic Documents Permitted. Subject to applicable law, 
distribution election forms and other forms or documents may be in 
electronic format or made available through means of online enrollment or 
other electronic transmission.

Section 21. Status of Plan. The Plan is intended to be: (i) a plan that is 
not qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code and (ii) a 
plan that is unfunded and is maintained by an employer primarily for the 
purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management 
or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 
301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. The Plan shall be administered and 
interpreted to the extent possible in a manner consistent with that intent. 
All Accounts and all credits and other adjustments to such Accounts shall 
be bookkeeping entries only and shall be utilized solely as a device for 
the measurement and determination of amounts to be paid under the Plan.

Section 22. Sub-plans. Without amending this Plan, the Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company and/or the Committee may establish one or more 
sub-plans and grant awards under such sub-plans with terms and conditions 
different from those specified in this Plan as may in their judgment be 
necessary or desirable (including, but not limited to, Vesting Dates prior 
to age 62 for certain Participants, or terms and conditions necessary to 
comply with provisions of laws in other
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
countries or jurisdictions in which the Company operates or has employees), 
but consistent with the purposes of this Plan; provided, however, that such 
terms will comply with the requirements of Section 409A if the Participant 
is subject to U.S. federal income taxation.
 
13