 EX-10.14 14 d101223dex1014.htm EX-10.14
Exhibit 10.14

HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS
2017 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
PHANTOM UNIT AGREEMENT

Pursuant to this Phantom Unit Agreement, dated as of the Grant Date set 
forth in the Grant Notice below (this Agreement), Hess Midstream Partners 
GP LLC (the Company), as the general partner of Hess Midstream Partners 
GP LP, which is the general partner of Hess Midstream Partners LP (the 
Partnership), hereby grants to the individual identified in the Grant 
Notice below (the Participant) the following Award of Phantom Units (
Phantom Units), pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement and the Hess Midstream Partners LP 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan, 
as amended from time to time (the Plan), the terms and conditions of 
which are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. Each 
Phantom Unit granted hereunder shall constitute a Phantom Unit under the 
terms of the Plan and is hereby granted in tandem with a corresponding DER, 
as further detailed in Section 3 below. In the event of any conflict 
between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan 
shall control. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all 
capitalized terms used in this Agreement, but not defined herein, shall 
have the meanings provided in the Plan.


GRANT NOTICE

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the principal 
features of this Award are as follows:

Participant: [            ]

Number of Phantom Units: [        ] Phantom Units

Grant Date: [                    ], 20[    ]

Vesting of Phantom Units: [To be specified in individual awards.]

Forfeiture of Phantom Units: In the event of a termination of the 
Participants Service for any reason, all Phantom Units that have not 
vested prior to or in connection with such termination of Service shall 
thereupon automatically be forfeited by the Participant without further 
action and for no consideration.

Payment of Phantom Units: Vested Phantom Units shall be paid to the 
Participant in the form of Units as set forth in and subject to Section 5 
below.

DERs: Each Phantom Unit granted under this Agreement shall be issued in 
tandem with a corresponding DER each of which shall entitle the Participant 
to receive payments in an amount equal to Partnership distributions with 
respect to a Unit in accordance with Section 3 below.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PHANTOM UNITS

1. Grant. The Company hereby grants to the Participant, as of the Grant 
Date, an Award of the number of Phantom Units set forth in the Grant Notice 
above, subject to all of the terms and conditions contained in this 
Agreement and the Plan.

2. Phantom Units. Subject to Section 4 below, each Phantom Unit that vests 
shall represent the right to receive payment, in accordance with Section 5 
below, in the form of one (1) Unit. Unless and until a Phantom Unit vests, 
the Participant will have no right to payment in respect of such Phantom 
Unit. Prior to actual payment in respect of any vested Phantom Unit, such 
Phantom Unit will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable 
(if at all) only from the general assets of the Company.

3. Grant of Tandem DER. Each Phantom Unit granted hereunder is hereby 
granted in tandem with a corresponding DER, which shall remain outstanding 
from the Grant Date until the earlier of the payment or forfeiture of the 
related Phantom Unit, and which shall be subject to all of the terms and 
conditions contained in this Agreement and the Plan. Each vested DER shall 
entitle the Participant to receive payments, subject to and in accordance 
with this Agreement, in an amount equal to any distributions made by the 
Partnership following the Grant Date in respect of the Unit underlying the 
Phantom Unit to which such DER relates. The Company shall establish, with 
respect to each Phantom Unit, a separate DER bookkeeping account for such 
Phantom Unit (a DER Account), which shall be credited (without interest) 
on the applicable distribution dates with a notional amount equal to any 
distributions made by the Partnership during the period that such Phantom 
Unit remains outstanding with respect to the Unit underlying the Phantom 
Unit to which such DER relates. Upon the vesting of a Phantom Unit, the DER 
(and the DER Account) with respect to such vested Phantom Unit shall also 
become vested. The DER corresponding to a Phantom Unit shall expire upon 
the settlement of that Phantom Unit. Similarly, upon the forfeiture of a 
Phantom Unit, the DER (and the DER Account) with respect to such forfeited 
Phantom Unit shall also be forfeited without payment of consideration.

4. Vesting and Forfeiture.

(a) Vesting. Subject to Section 4(d) below, the Phantom Units shall vest in 
such amounts and at such times as are set forth in the Grant Notice above.

(b) Accelerated Vesting. [To be specified in individual awards.]

(c) Early Retirement Vesting. [To be specified in individual awards.]

(d) Forfeiture. In the event of a termination of the Participants Service 
for any reason, all Phantom Units that have not vested prior to or in 
connection with such termination of Service shall thereupon automatically 
be forfeited by the Participant without further action and without payment 
of consideration therefor. No portion of the Phantom Units which has not 
become vested at the date of the Participants termination of Service shall 
thereafter become vested.

(e) Payment. Vested Phantom Units shall be subject to the payment 
provisions set forth in Section 5 below.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Payment of Phantom Units and DERs.

(a) Phantom Units. Unpaid, vested Phantom Units shall be paid to the 
Participant in the form of Units in a lump-sum as soon as reasonably 
practical, but not later than sixty (60) days following the date on which 
such Phantom Units vest. Payments of any Phantom Units that vest in 
accordance herewith shall be made to the Participant (or in the event of 
the Participants death, to the Participants estate) in whole Units in 
accordance with this Section 5. In lieu of the foregoing, the Committee may 
elect at its discretion to pay some or all of the Phantom Units in cash 
equal to the Fair Market Value of the Units that would otherwise be 
distributed as of the date of vesting.

(b) DERs. Unpaid, vested DERs shall be paid to the Participant as follows: 
as soon as reasonably practical, but not later than sixty (60) days, 
following the date on which a Phantom Unit and related DER vests, the 
Participant shall be paid an amount in cash equal to the amount then 
credited to the DER Account maintained with respect to such Phantom Unit.

(c) Potential Delay. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, no amounts payable under this Agreement shall be paid to the 
Participant prior to the expiration of the six (6)-month period following 
his separation from service (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.409A-1(h)) (a Separation from Service) to the extent that the 
Company determines that paying such amounts prior to the expiration of such 
six (6)-month period would result in a prohibited distribution under 
Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is 
delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on the first business 
day following the end of the applicable six (6)-month period (or such 
earlier date upon which such amounts can be paid under Section 409A of the 
Code without resulting in a prohibited distribution, including as a result 
of the Participants death), such amounts shall be paid to the Participant.

6. Tax Withholding. Unless other arrangements have been made that are 
acceptable to the Company in its sole discretion, the Company or any 
Affiliate thereof is authorized to deduct or withhold, or cause to be 
deducted or withheld, (i) from any Award, (ii) from any payment due or 
transfer made under any Award or (iii) from any compensation or other 
amount owing to a Participant the amount of any applicable taxes required 
to be withheld by the Company or any Affiliate in respect of an Award, 
including taxes required to be withheld in connection with its grant, its 
exercise, the lapse of restrictions thereon or any payment or transfer 
thereunder or under the Plan, and to take such other action as may be 
necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy its withholding 
obligations for the payment of such taxes. The Company or any Affiliate may 
withhold cash or Units, including Units that would otherwise be issued 
pursuant to such Award or other property. In the event that Units that 
would otherwise be issued pursuant to an Award are used to satisfy such 
withholding obligations, the number of Units so withheld or surrendered 
shall be limited to the number of Units that have a Fair Market Value on 
the date of withholding equal to the aggregate amount of the Companys or 
any Affiliates withholding obligation based on the minimum applicable 
statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income 
tax and payroll tax purposes.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Rights as Unit Holder. Neither the Participant nor any person claiming 
under or through the Participant shall have any of the rights or privileges 
of a holder of Units in respect of any Units that may become deliverable 
hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Units shall have 
been issued or recorded in book entry form on the records of the 
Partnership or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered in 
certificate or book entry form to the Participant or any person claiming 
under or through the Participant.

8. Transferability of Units. Neither the Phantom Units nor any right of the 
Participant under the Phantom Units (including any DER) may be assigned, 
alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered 
by the Participant (or any permitted transferee) other than by will or the 
laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, 
alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void 
and unenforceable against the Company, the Partnership and any of their 
Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may designate 
the beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive the Phantom Units or other 
amounts which may be delivered in respect of this Award after the 
Participants death. Such designation may be made by the Participant on the 
enclosed beneficiary designation form and (unless the Participant has 
waived such right) may be changed by the Participant from time to time by 
filing a new beneficiary designation form with the Committee. If the 
Participant does not designate a beneficiary or if no designated 
beneficiary(ies) survives the Participant, the Participants beneficiary 
will be the legal representative of the Participants estate.

9. Distribution of Units. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee or 
required by any applicable law, rule or regulation, neither the Company nor 
the Partnership shall deliver to the Participant certificates evidencing 
Units issued pursuant to this Agreement and instead such Units shall be 
recorded in the books of the Partnership (or, as applicable, its transfer 
agent or equity plan administrator). All certificates for Units issued 
pursuant to this Agreement and all Units issued pursuant to book entry 
procedures hereunder shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and 
other restrictions as the Company may deem advisable under the Plan or the 
rules, regulations, and other requirements of the SEC, any stock exchange 
upon which such Units are then listed, and any applicable federal or state 
laws, and the Company may cause a legend or legends to be inscribed on any 
such certificates or book entry to make appropriate reference to such 
restrictions. In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, the 
Company may require that the Participant make such covenants, agreements, 
and representations as the Company, in its sole discretion, deems advisable 
in order to comply with any such laws, regulations, or requirements. No 
fractional Units shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Phantom Units 
and the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, whether cash, other 
securities, or other property shall be paid or transferred in lieu of 
fractional Units or whether such fractional Units or any rights thereto 
shall be canceled, terminated, or otherwise eliminated.

10. Partnership Agreement. Units issued upon payment of the Phantom Units 
shall be subject to the terms of the Plan and the Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the issuance of Units to the Participant, the Participant shall, 
automatically and without further action on his or her part, (i) be 
admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner (as defined in the 
Partnership Agreement) with respect to the Units, and (ii) become bound, 
and be deemed to have agreed to be bound, by the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement.

11. No Effect on Service. Nothing herein or in the Plan will be construed 
as conferring on the Participant or anyone else the right to continue in 
the employ or service of the Company or any Affiliate thereof. Furthermore, 
the Company and its Affiliates may at any time dismiss the Participant from 
employment or consulting free from any liability or
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any claim under the Plan or this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly 
provided in the Plan, this Agreement or any other written agreement between 
the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate thereof.

12. Terms of Employment. The Plan is a discretionary plan. The Participant 
hereby acknowledges that neither the Plan nor this Agreement forms part of 
the Participants terms of Service and nothing in the Plan may be construed 
as imposing on the Company, the Partnership or any of their Affiliates a 
contractual obligation to offer participation in the Plan to any Employee, 
Consultant or Director. The Company, the Partnership and their Affiliates 
are under no obligation to grant further Phantom Units to the Participant 
under the Plan or, if such Phantom Units are granted, to grant such Award 
on the same or similar terms as provided in this Agreement. If the 
Participant ceases to be an Employee, Consultant or Director for any 
reason, the Participant shall not be entitled by way of compensation for 
loss of office or otherwise howsoever to any sum or other benefit to 
compensate the Participant for the loss of any rights under this Agreement 
or the Plan.

13. Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of 
this Agreement in any jurisdiction will not affect the validity, legality 
or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in such jurisdiction 
or the validity, legality or enforceability of any provision of this 
Agreement in any other jurisdiction, it being intended that all rights and 
obligations of the parties hereunder will be enforceable to the fullest 
extent permitted by law.

14. No Guarantee of Tax Consequences. None of the Board, the Committee, the 
Company or the Partnership provides or has provided any tax advice to the 
Participant or makes or has made any assurance, commitment or guarantee to 
the Participant that any federal, state, local or other tax treatment will 
(or will not apply) or be available to the Participant with respect to the 
issuance, holding, vesting, payment, settlement or other occurrence with 
respect to the Phantom Units, the DERs, the Units or the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement. The Participant represents that he or she 
is in no manner relying on such entities or their representatives for tax 
advice or an assessment of such tax consequences, and such entities assume 
no liability with respect to any tax or associated liabilities to which the 
Participant may be subject. The Participant understands that the 
Participant may suffer adverse tax consequences in connection with the 
Phantom Units and DERs granted pursuant to this Agreement.

15. Entire Agreement; Amendments, Suspension and Termination. This 
Agreement (including the Plan which is incorporated herein by reference) 
contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to 
the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior agreements or 
prior understandings, whether written or oral, between the parties hereto 
relating to such subject matter. To the extent permitted by the Plan, this 
Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, 
suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Board or 
the Committee. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this Agreement 
cannot be modified, altered or amended, except by an agreement, in writing, 
signed by both the Partnership and the Participant.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
16. Notices. Any notice which may be required or permitted under this 
Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered in person, or via 
facsimile transmission, overnight courier service or certified mail, return 
receipt requested, postage prepaid, properly addressed as follows:

(a) If the notice is to the Company, the Partnership or any of their 
Affiliates, to the attention of the Secretary of Hess Corporation, 1185 
Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036, or at such other address 
as the Company, the Partnership or any of their Affiliates by notice to the 
Participant may designate in writing from time to time.

(b) If the notice is to the Participant, at the Participants address as 
shown on the records of the Company, the Partnership or their Affiliates, 
or at such other address as the Participant, by notice to the Company, the 
Partnership or their Affiliates, may designate in writing from time to 
time.

17. Lock-Up Agreement. The Participant shall agree, if so requested by the 
Company or the Partnership and any underwriter in connection with any 
public offering of securities of the Partnership or any Affiliate thereof, 
not to directly or indirectly offer, sell, contract to sell, sell any 
option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, 
grant any option, right or warrant for the sale of or otherwise dispose of 
or transfer any Units held by him or her for such period, not to exceed one 
hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of the relevant 
registration statement filed under the Securities Act in connection with 
such public offering, as such underwriter shall specify reasonably and in 
good faith. The Company or the Partnership may impose stop-transfer 
instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing 
restrictions until the end of such 180-day period. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the 180-day period may be extended in the discretion of the 
Company for up to such number of additional days as is deemed necessary by 
such underwriter or the Company or Partnership to continue coverage by 
research analysts in accordance with FINRA Rule 2711 or any successor or 
other applicable rule.

18. Compliance with Laws. The Participant acknowledges that the Plan and 
this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all 
provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, any and all 
regulations and rules promulgated by the SEC thereunder, all applicable 
state securities laws and regulations, and any other law, rule or 
regulation applicable thereto. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Phantom Units and DERs 
are granted, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and 
regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this 
Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to 
such laws, rules and regulations.

19. Code Section 409A. The intent of the parties is that the payments and 
benefits under this Agreement comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of 
the Code and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement 
shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith. Nevertheless, to the 
extent that the Committee determines that the Phantom Units or DERs may not 
be exempt from (or compliant with) Section 409A of the Code, the Committee 
may (but shall not be required to) amend this Agreement in a manner 
intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or an 
exemption therefrom (including amendments with retroactive effect), or take 
any other actions as it deems necessary or appropriate to attempt to (a) 
exempt the Phantom Units or DERs from Section 409A of the Code and/or 
preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect 
to the Phantom Units or DERs, or (b) comply with the requirements of 
Section 409A of the Code. To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be 
interpreted in accordance with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent 
that any payment or benefit hereunder constitutes non-exempt nonqualified 
deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the Code, and such payment or benefit would otherwise be payable or 
distributable hereunder by reason of the Participants termination of 
Service, all references to the Participants termination of Service shall 
be construed to mean a Separation from Service, and the Participant shall 
not be considered to have a termination of Service unless such termination 
constitutes a Separation from Service with respect to the Participant.

20. Adjustments; Clawback. The Participant acknowledges that the Phantom 
Units are subject to modification and forfeiture in certain events as 
provided in this Agreement and Section 7 of the Plan. The Participant 
further acknowledges that the Phantom Units, DERs and Units issuable 
hereunder, whether vested or unvested and whether or not previously issued, 
are subject to clawback as provided in Section 8(o) of the Plan.

21. Successors and Assigns. The Company or the Partnership may assign any 
of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and 
this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of 
the Company and the Partnership. Subject to the restrictions on transfer 
contained herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and 
his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.

22. Further Assurances. Each party hereto will do and perform (or will 
cause to be done and performed) all such further acts and shall execute and 
deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents 
as any other party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the 
intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the Plan and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereunder.

23. Governing Law. The validity, construction, and effect of this Agreement 
and any rules and regulations relating to this Agreement shall be 
determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without 
regard to its conflicts of laws principles.

24. Counterparts; Headings. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which will constitute one and the same instrument. Headings are given to 
the sections and subsections of this Agreement solely as a convenience to 
facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material 
or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any 
provision hereof.

25. Data Protection. By signing this Agreement, the Participant consents to 
the holding and processing of personal data provided by the Participant to 
the Company, the Partnership or their Affiliates for all purposes necessary 
for the operation of the Plan. These include, but are not limited to:

(a) Administering and maintaining the Participants records;

(b) Providing information to any registrars, brokers or third party 
administrators of the Plan; and

(c) Providing information to future purchasers of the Company or any 
Affiliate in which the Participant works.

[Signature page follows]
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Participants signature below indicates the Participants agreement 
with and understanding that this Award is subject to all of the terms and 
conditions contained in the Plan and in this Agreement, and that, in the 
event that there are any inconsistencies between the terms of the Plan and 
the terms of this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. The 
Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has read and 
understands the Plan and this Agreement, which contains the specific terms 
and conditions of this grant of Phantom Units and DERs. The Participant 
hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or 
interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan 
or this Agreement.
 
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LLC
a Delaware limited liability company
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
a Delaware limited partnership
By: 	  	Hess Midstream Partners GP LP
Its: 	  	General Partner
By: 	  	Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC
Its: 	  	General Partner
 
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	
  	Title: 	  	
 
PARTICIPANT
 
Print Name: 	  	
 
 
8