 EX-10.1 2 s105258_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10-1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
 
The undersigned (the "Subscriber"), desires to become a holder of common 
shares (the "Shares") of Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation 
organized under the laws of the state of Maryland, having its principal 
place of business located at1 Research Court, Suite 450, Rockville, 
Maryland 20850 (the "Company").
 
Accordingly, the Subscriber hereby agrees as follows:
 
1. Subscription.
 
  	1.1 	The Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to accept from the 
Company that number of Shares set forth in Section 10 of this Subscription 
Agreement (the "Agreement"), in consideration of $8.00 per share.  This 
offer to purchase is submitted in accordance with and subject to the terms 
and conditions described in this Agreement. The Subscriber acknowledges 
that the Company reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
to accept or reject this subscription and the subscription will not be 
binding until accepted by the Company in writing.
 
  	
1.2
 
The closing of the Subscription of Shares hereunder (the "Closing") shall 
occur immediately upon: (i) receipt and acceptance by the Company of a 
properly completed and executed Agreement; (ii) receipt of all funds for 
the subscription of shares hereunder; and (iii) receipt by the Company of a 
minimum number of subscriptions as determined by the Company in its sole 
discretion.
 
2. Purchase Procedure.  The Subscriber acknowledges that, in order to 
subscribe for Shares, Subscriber shall deliver to the Company the full 
purchase price in the amount set forth in Section 10 below by certified or 
other bank check or by wire transfer of immediately available funds, 
representing payment in full for the Shares desired to be purchased 
hereunder, made payable to the order of the Company. Subscriber 
acknowledges and agrees that the Company does not intend to consummate the 
sale of any Shares until it has received subscriptions and payment for a 
minimum of 1,250,000 Shares ($10,000,000) and will maintain subscription 
proceeds in a segregated account until such time. The escrow agent that 
will hold such funds is PNC Bank, N.A. If a minimum of 1,250,000 shares is 
not sold within the time period established by the Company’s board of 
directors, the Company will terminate the offering and all funds received 
will be refunded to Subscriber.
 
3. Representations and Acknowledgements of Subscriber.  By executing this 
Agreement, the Subscriber makes the following representations, 
declarations, acknowledgements and warranties to the Company, with the 
intent and understanding that the Company will rely thereon:
 
  	3.1 	Such Subscriber acknowledges the public availability of the 
Company's current prospectus. This prospectus is made available in the 
Company's most recent S-1 Registration Statement deemed effective on 
_______, 2017. This prospectus sets forth the terms and conditions of the 
offering of Common Stock (the “Offering”) and the risks associated 
therewith are described.
 
  	3.2   	All information herein concerning the Subscriber is correct and 
complete as of the date hereof and as of the date of Closing.
 
  	3.3   	If the Subscriber is purchasing the Shares in a fiduciary 
capacity for another person or entity, including without limitation a 
corporation, partnership, trust or any other entity, the Subscriber has 
been duly authorized and empowered to execute this Subscription Agreement 
and all other subscription documents.  Upon request of the Company, the 
Subscriber will provide true, complete and current copies of all relevant 
documents creating the Subscriber, authorizing its investment in the 
Company and/or evidencing the satisfaction of the foregoing.
  	  	 
  	3.4 	In connection with the Offering, the Company intends to seek a 
listing of its common stock on a securities exchange registered with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under Section 6(a) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such as the NASDAQ Capital 
Market (the act of achieving such listing or quotation, generally referred 
to hereafter as a “Public Listing”), but there can be no assurance that the 
Company will ever achieve a Public Listing (See Risk Factors – Risks 
Related to the Offering in the Prospectus). The Subscriber understands that 
until such time as the Company achieves a Public Listing of its Shares, a 
public market will not exist for the Shares and it may be difficult to sell 
the Shares purchased in this Offering.  No U.S. federal or state agency has 
made any finding or determination as to the fairness of the terms of this 
Offering. These securities have not been recommended or endorsed by any 
U.S. federal or state securities commission or regulatory agency.
  

 

 

 
4. Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of ___________________, without 
regard to principles of conflicts of law.
 
5. Counterparts; Severability.  This Agreement may be executed in one or 
more counterparts.  If any provision of this Agreement shall be held 
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or 
unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the 
remainder of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of this 
Subscription Agreement in any other jurisdiction.
 
6. Persons Bound.  This Subscription Agreement shall, except as otherwise 
provided herein, inure to the benefit of and be binding on the Company and 
its successors and assigns and on each Subscriber and its respective heirs, 
executors, administrators, successors and assigns.
 
7. Section Headings.  The section headings contained in this Agreement are 
inserted for purposes of convenience of reference only and shall not affect 
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
 
8. Notices.  Any notice or other communication required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, 
telegraphed, telexed, sent by facsimile transmission or sent by certified, 
registered or express mail, postage prepaid, to the address of each party 
set forth in this Agreement.
 
9. CERTIFICATION.  THE SUBSCRIBER CERTIFIES THAT SUBSCRIBER HAS READ THIS 
ENTIRE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND THAT EVERY STATEMENT MADE BY THE 
SUBSCRIBER HEREIN IS TRUE AND COMPLETE.
 
10. Ownership Information.  Please print here the number of Shares to be 
purchased, the Purchase Price and the exact name(s) in which the Shares 
will be registered.
 
Number of Shares Purchased: 
____________________________________________________________________
 
Purchase Price @ $8.00 per Share: 
$_______________________________________________________________
 
Purchaser Name(s): 
___________________________________________________________________________
 
________________________________________________________________________
 
  	  	Single Person
  	  	 
  	  	Husband and Wife, as community property
  	  	 
  	  	Joint Tenants (with right of survivorship)
  	  	 
  	  	Tenants in Common
  	  	 
  	  	Corporation or other organization
  	  	 
  	  	A Partnership
  	  	 
  	  	IRA
 

 

 

 
  	  	 
  	  	Tax-Qualified Retirement Plan
  	  	 
  	  	Trust
 
    (i)          Trustee(s)/Custodian 
    ________________________________________________________________
 
    (ii)         Trust Date 
    _________________________________________________________________________
 
        (iii)        Name of Trust 
        ______________________________________________________________________
         
 (iv)        For the Benefit of: 
 ___________________________________________________________________
 
_________ 	  	Other:
 
 
(Please explain)
 
Social Security or Tax I.D.: 
__________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Street Address (If P.O. Box, include address for surface delivery if 
different than residence)
 
  	  	 
City 	State 	Zip Code
 
Telephone Numbers:
 
Home: 	(        )
  	 
Cell: 	(        )
  	 
Facsimile: 	(        )
  	 
Email: 	
____________________________________________________________________
 
[Signature Pages Follow]
 

 

 

  
Subscriber Signature Page
 
The undersigned, desiring to subscribe for the number of Shares of Shuttle 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the "Company") as is set forth above, acknowledges 
that he/she has received and understands the terms and conditions of the 
Subscription Agreement attached hereto and that he/she does hereby agree to 
all the terms and conditions contained therein.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereby executed this Subscription 
Agreement as of the date set forth below.
 
Date and Signatures. 	  	Dated:______________, 201_
  	  	 
Signature(s) 	  	Print Purchaser Name (s)
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
 
(Each co-owner or joint owner must sign – names must be signed exactly as 
listed under “Purchaser Name(s)”)
 

 

 

  
Company Counterpart Signature Page
 
ACCEPTED:
 
SHUTTLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 	  	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	  	Dated:  ____________, 201_
  	Name: 	  	 
  	Title 	  	 
 

 

 