 EX-10.1 2 d310833dex101.htm EX-10.1
EXHIBIT 10.1

CONSULTANCY AGREEMENT

DAVID L. MILLER

This Consultancy Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by and between 
CHSPSC, LLC a Delaware corporation (CHSPSC), and David L. Miller 
(Consultant).

1. Work to Be Performed. It is necessary and/or advisable to promote the 
interests of CHSPSC and associated entities that the Consultant provides 
ongoing consulting services related to matters of administration, 
healthcare operations, healthcare management and other assignments as 
requested by Wayne T. Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
(Smith), and/or his designee. Consultant is not entitled to this 
Consultancy but for this offer by CHSPSC.

2. Term of Agreement. The services called for under this Agreement shall 
commence on January 1, 2017, and extend through March 31, 2019. The hours 
worked on a daily or weekly basis shall be as mutually agreed upon between 
Consultant and CHSPSC, but shall in no event require Consultant to work, on 
average, more than eight hours per week. The Agreement may be terminated by 
CHSPSC or by Consultant at any time upon 30 days written notice to either 
party.

3. Terms of Payment. From January 1, 2017 to March 31, 2019, CHSPSC shall 
pay Consultant $16,666.66 per month. Each monthly installment shall be 
paid, in arrears, on the 1st business day of each month following the month 
of service. The timing and amount of any payments are subject to any 
deductions pursuant to Section 7.

4. Reimbursement of Expenses. CHSPSC shall reimburse Consultant for any 
reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Consultant while traveling on 
behalf of CHSPSC. However, no expense shall be incurred on behalf of or 
paid or reimbursed by CHSPSC unless approved in advance by CHSPSC.

5. Payroll Taxes. CHSPSC shall neither pay nor withhold federal, state, or 
local income tax or payroll tax of any kind on behalf of Consultant or the 
employees of Consultant. Consultant shall not be treated as an employee for 
the services performed hereunder for federal, state, or local tax purposes.

6. Workers Compensation. As an independent contractor, Consultant is not 
eligible for workers compensation coverage.

7. Independent Contractor Status; Post Employment Vesting and Benefits. 
Consultant expressly represents and warrants to CHSPSC that (i) Consultant 
is not and shall not be construed to be an employee of CHSPSC and that 
Consultants status shall be that of an independent contractor for which 
Consultant is solely responsible for his actions and inactions, (ii) 
Consultant shall not act as an employee or agent of CHSPSC, and (iii) 
Consultant is not authorized to enter into contracts or agreements on 
behalf of CHSPSC or to otherwise create obligations or liabilities of 
CHSPSC to third parties.
 
Page 1 of 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consultant was an employee of CHSPSC through December 31, 2016 and as such 
participated in certain benefit arrangements. The parties acknowledge and 
agree that as long as this Agreement shall remain in effect as provided in 
Section 2 of this Agreement, Consultant shall continue to vest in any 
previously granted options and/or restricted stock in Community Health 
Systems, Inc. in accordance with the vesting schedule applicable to any 
such options or restricted stock at the time of grant and as amended and 
approved under this Consultancy Agreement.

The Consultant retains the right to elect COBRA continuation coverage for 
group health benefits (dental and vision). The Consultant will pay any 
COBRA premiums.

8. Background Checks/Substance Abuse Screening. Consultant agrees that 
implementation of this Agreement may require additional background checks 
(e.g. regulatory databases, criminal) and Substance screening at the 
discretion of CHSPSC. Consultant further agrees to any authorizations that 
are required by CHSPSC to perform any background checks or Substance 
screenings.

9. Confidential Matters and Proprietary Information. Consultant recognizes 
that during the course of performance of the Agreement, he/she may acquire 
knowledge of confidential business information and/or trade secrets 
(confidential information). Consultant agrees to keep all such 
confidential information in a secure place and not to publish, communicate, 
use, or disclose, directly or indirectly, for his/her own benefit or for 
the benefit of another, either during or after performance of the 
Agreement, any such confidential business information or trade secrets. 
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Consultant shall deliver 
all records, data, information, and other documents produced or acquired 
during the performance of this Agreement, and all copies thereof, to 
CHSPSC. Such material shall remain the property of CHSPSC. This obligation 
of confidence shall not apply to information that is available to the 
Consultant from third parties on an unrestricted basis. Consultant will 
notify CHSPSC immediately upon receipt of any subpoena or other legal 
process.

10. Covenant Not to Compete; Conflicts of Interest. Consultant hereby 
covenants and agrees with CHSPSC that commencing on the date hereof and 
continuing through the term of this Agreement, Consultant will not, unless 
waived by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in his sole discretion, 
or designee, directly or indirectly, anywhere in the United States:

(a) Accept an offer of employment, serve as a consultant in a same or 
similar capacity as his/her current or previous position(s) with CHSPSC, or 
act as an agent for or as an officer, director, employee, or other 
representative of any hospital, medical center, network, healthcare system 
or other healthcare providers or facilities located within fifty (50) miles 
of a facility or business that competes with CHSPSC or any other CHS 
affiliates or with any contractor, supplier, or vendor to CHSPSC or any 
other CHS affiliate;
 
Page 2 of 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Interfere with, solicit, disrupt, or attempt to disrupt any past, 
present, or prospective relationship, contractual or otherwise, between 
CHSPSC (or any other CHS affiliate) and any physician, supplier, or 
employee of CHSPSC (or any other CHS affiliate);

(c) Employ, solicit for employment, or advise or recommend to any other 
person that they employ or solicit for employment, any employee of CHSPSC 
(or any other CHS affiliate); or

(d) Discuss with any hospital, medical center, network, healthcare system 
or other healthcare providers or facilitates, the present or future 
availability of services or products by a business, if Consultant has or 
expects to acquire a proprietary interest in such business or is or expects 
to be an executive, officer, or director of such business, where such 
services or products are competitive with the services or products of CHS 
or any affiliated entities.

In connection with the foregoing provisions of this Section 10, Consultant 
represents that the limitations set forth herein are reasonable and 
properly required for the adequate protection of CHSPSC. If a judicial 
determination is made that any of the provisions of this Section 10 
constitutes an unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable restriction against 
Consultant, the parties hereto hereby agree that any judicial authority 
construing this Agreement shall modify Section 10 hereof to the extent 
necessary to protect CHSPSCs interests, in accordance with Section 13 (c). 
The time period during which the prohibitions set forth in this Section 10 
shall apply shall be tolled and suspended as to Consultant for a period 
equal to the aggregate quantity of time during which Consultant violates 
such prohibitions in any respect.

11. Reports. Consultant, when directed, shall provide written reports with 
respect to the services rendered thereunder.

12. Liability and Indemnification. Consultant agrees to indemnify, hold 
harmless, and defend CHSPSC for, from, and against any claims, demands, 
actions, settlements, judgments, costs, or damages, including reasonable 
attorneys fees and court costs, arising out of or related to this 
Agreement to the extent such claims, demands, actions, settlements, 
judgments, costs, or damages relate to the gross negligence or intentional 
misconduct of Consultant, his agents, representatives, and employees. This 
provision shall apply during the term of this Agreement and shall survive 
the termination of this Agreement.

13. Miscellaneous.

(a) Entire Agreement. Except for any award agreements evidencing grants of 
any options or restricted stock in Community Health Systems, Inc. referred 
to in Section 7, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between 
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all 
prior oral or written agreements, if any, between the parties. Neither 
party has made any representations that are not contained in this 
Agreement.
 
Page 3 of 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Amendment. This Agreement may be amended only in writing by an 
agreement of the parties signed by Consultant and CHSPSC and identified as 
an amendment to this Agreement.

(c) Severability. If any provision or part of any provision of this 
Agreement is deemed to be unenforceable by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, then the parties agree that such provision shall be severed 
from the Agreement and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full 
force and effect. The parties further agree that, to the extent a court of 
competent jurisdiction deems any provision of this Agreement unenforceable, 
such court shall have the power to modify the terms of the Agreement by 
adding, deleting, or changing in its discretion any language necessary to 
make such provision enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law, and 
the parties expressly agree to be bound by any such provision as reformed 
by the court.

(d) Waiver. No waiver of any provisions of this Agreement shall be 
effective unless the waiver is in writing and duly executed by Consultant 
and an Officer of CHSPSC.

(e) Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, 
administrators, personal representatives, successors, and assigns; 
provided, however, that Consultant shall not have the right to assign this 
Agreement to any other party.

(f) Choice of Law and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Tennessee without regard to the application of the 
conflicts-of-interest laws of the State of Tennessee or any other 
jurisdiction and without the benefit of any rule of construction under 
which a contract is construed against the drafter. Venue for any action 
arising out of or related to this Agreement shall lie with the courts of 
competent jurisdiction located in Williamson County, Tennessee, and/or, if 
jurisdiction lies therein, the United States District Court for the Middle 
District of Tennessee, and Consultant agrees to submit to the jurisdiction 
of such courts and waives any defense of lack of personal jurisdiction.

(g) References. The heading and caption references of this Agreement are 
provided for convenience only and are intended to have no effect in 
construing or interpreting this Agreement. References to the male gender 
shall include references to the female gender and vice versa, as applicable 
according to the context; references to the singular tense shall include 
references to the plural tense and vice versa, as applicable according to 
the context.

(h) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original document and 
all of which, taken together, shall be deemed to constitute a single 
original document.
 
Page 4 of 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) Notices. Any notice or other communications under this Agreement shall 
be in writing, signed by the party making the same, and shall be delivered 
personally or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, as 
follows:
 
 If to Consultant:
   	David L. Miller
   	657 Good Springs Road
   	Brentwood, TN 37027
 If to CHSPSC:
   	CHSPSC, LLC
   	Attention: General Counsel
   	4000 Meridian Boulevard
   	Franklin, TN 37067

All such notices shall be deemed given on the date personally delivered or, 
if mailed, three days after the date of mailing.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed as of this 31st day of December, 2016.
 
 CONSULTANT
  	 	  	
CHSPSC, LLC
  	
/s/ David L. Miller
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Wayne T. Smith
  	
 David L. Miller
  	 	  	 	  	Wayne T. Smith
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

For convenience, this Agreement may be signed and electronically 
transmitted between
the Parties and be as effective as a signed, paper agreement.
 
Page 5 of 5