 EX-10.42 10 exhibit1042-severanceagree.htm TEMPLATE-CHANGE IN CONTROL 
SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.42







DATE






Dear __________:

Kemper Corporation (“Company”) considers you to be a valued employee of the 
“Employer” (as defined below). In recognition of the value of your 
continued services to the Employer, the Company’s shareholders and other 
relevant constituencies, the Company proposes the following agreement (“
Agreement”) to provide you with certain severance payments and benefits if 
your employment terminates in connection with a “Change in Control” (as 
defined below) under specified circumstances.


ARTICLE I 
 
DEFINITIONS


1.1    Definitions


Whenever used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have 
the meanings set forth in this Section, certain other capitalized terms 
being defined elsewhere in this Agreement:


      (a)     “Affiliate” shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2
      promulgated under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.


      (b)     “Annual Bonus” shall mean the higher of (i) the amount paid
      to you as your annual bonus for the prior calendar year, or, if
      greater, the calendar year prior to the Change in Control, or (ii) {
      ALTERNATIVES:  [110] [150] } % of your annual base salary as in
      effect immediately prior to your Qualifying Termination, without
      regard to any decrease in such salary which would give rise to Good
      Reason.


      (c)    “Annualized Compensation” shall mean your rate of annual base
      salary as in effect immediately prior to your Qualifying Termination,
      without regard to any decrease in such salary which would give rise
      to Good Reason plus an amount equal to your “Annual Bonus.”


      (d)    “Beneficial Owner” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
      term in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.


      (e)    “Board of Directors” shall mean the Board of Directors of the
      Company, or any successor thereto.



1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      (f)    A “Change in Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if the
      event set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have
      occurred:


            (i)    any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly
            or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in
            the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities
            acquired directly from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
            or Affiliates) representing 25% or more of the combined voting
            power of the Company’s then outstanding securities, excluding
            any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection
            with a transaction described in clause (A) of paragraph (iii)
            below; or


            (ii)    the following individuals cease for any reason to
            constitute a majority of the number of directors then serving:
            individuals who, on the date hereof, constitute the Board of
            Directors and any new director (other than a director whose
            initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or
            threatened election contest relating to the election of
            directors of the Company) whose appointment or election by the
            Board of Directors or nomination for election by the Company’s
            shareholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least
            two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either
            were directors on the date hereof or whose appointment,
            election or nomination for election was previously so approved
            or recommended; or


            (iii)    there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the
            Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company
            with any other corporation, other than (A) a merger or
            consolidation which results in the directors of the Company
            immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to
            constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the
            Company, the surviving entity or any parent thereof or (B) a
            merger or consolidation effected to implement a
            recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in
            which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
            indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the
            securities Beneficially Owned by such Person any securities
            acquired directly from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
            or Affiliates) representing 25% or more of the combined voting
            power of the Company’s then outstanding securities; or


            (iv)    the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of
            complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is
            consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the
            Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets,
            other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or
            substantially all of the Company’s assets immediately following
            which the individuals who comprise the Board of Directors
            immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the
            board of directors of the entity to which such assets are sold
            or disposed or any parent thereof.



2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(g)     “Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.


      (h)     “Company” shall mean Kemper Corporation, a Delaware
      corporation, and any successor as provided in Article IV.


      (i)    “Confidential Information” shall mean any and all confidential
      information, including without limitation any negotiations or
      agreements between the Company or its Affiliates and third parties,
      business and marketing plans and related materials, training
      materials, financial information, plans, executive summaries,
      capitalization tables, budgets, and unpublished financial statements;
      costs, prices, and licenses; employee, customer, supplier,
      shareholder, partner or investor lists and/or data, products,
      technology, know-how, business processes and business data,
      inventions, designs, patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets
      and business models; notes, sketches, flow charts, formulas,
      blueprints, and elements thereof; databases, compilations, and other
      intellectual property, whether written or otherwise, shall be deemed
      “Confidential Information. Some or all of the Confidential
      Information may also be entitled to protection as a “trade secret”
      under applicable state or federal law.


      (j)    “Disability” shall mean a physical or mental condition
      entitling you to benefits under the applicable long-term disability
      plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or if
      no such plan exists, causing you to be unable to substantially
      perform your duties with the Employer for at least 6 months in any
      12-month period.


      (k)    “Employer” shall mean the Company or any Subsidiary or
      Affiliate of the Company by which you are employed.


      (l)     “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
      1974, as amended.


      (m)     “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
      amended.


      (n)     “Good Reason” shall mean the occurrence after any Change in
      Control, or prior to a Change in Control under the circumstances
      described in clause (ii) of the first sentence of the final paragraph
      of Section 2.1 hereof (treating all references to a “Change in
      Control” in paragraphs (i) through (iii) below as references to a
      “Potential Change in Control”), of any one or more of the following
      events without your express written consent:


            (i)    a reduction in your base salary as in effect immediately
            prior to the Change in Control, or a material reduction in the
            compensation and benefit plans, arrangements, policies and
            procedures, taken as a whole, provided to you from those, taken
            as a whole, provided to you immediately prior to the Change in
            Control;


            (ii)    a material reduction in your job authority and
            responsibility as in effect immediately prior to the Change in
            Control;



3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

            (iii)    the Employer requires you to change the location of
            your job or office, so that you will be based at a location
            more than thirty miles from the location of your job or office
            immediately prior to the Change in Control;


            (iv)    a successor company fails or refuses to assume the
            Company’s obligations under this Agreement, as required by
            Article IV hereof; or


            (v)    any purported termination of your employment which is
            not effected pursuant to the terms of Section 7.5 hereof. 


            Notwithstanding any of the foregoing to the contrary, a
            termination by you shall not constitute termination for Good
            Reason unless you shall first have delivered to the Employer
            written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence
            deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason
            (which notice must be given no later than ninety (90) days
            after the occurrence of such event), and the Employer failed to
            take appropriate corrective action with regard to such
            occurrence claimed to constitute Good Reason for your
            resignation within thirty (30) days following your notification
            of such occurrence.


      (o)    “Just Cause” shall mean, with respect to a termination of your
      employment with the Employer, (i) your engagement in egregious
      misconduct involving serious moral turpitude to the extent that, in
      the reasonable judgment of the Company, your credibility and
      reputation no longer conform to the standard of the Company’s
      executives, (ii) your egregious violation of a material provision of
      the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or (iii) your
      conviction or entry of a plea of guilty or “nolo contenere” for the
      commission of a felony.


      (p)    “Person” shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of
      the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
      thereof, except that such term shall not include (i) the Company or
      any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, (ii) a trustee or other
      fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the
      Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, (iii) an
      underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of
      such securities, (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by
      the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions
      as their ownership of stock of the Company, (v) any individual,
      entity or group whose ownership of securities of the Company is
      reported on Schedule 13G pursuant to Rule 13d-1 promulgated under the
      Exchange Act (but only for so long as such ownership is so reported)
      or (vi) Singleton Group LLC or any successor in interest to such
      entity.


      (q)    A “Potential Change in Control” shall be deemed to occur in
      the event that (a) the Company enters into an agreement, the
      consummation of which would result in a Change in Control, (b) the
      Company or any Person publicly announces an intention to take or to
      consider taking action which, if consummated, would constitute a
      Change in Control, (c) any Person becomes the Beneficial Owner,
      directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 15%
      or more of either the then outstanding shares of common stock of the
      Company or the combined voting power of the Company’s then
      outstanding securities (not including in the securities beneficially
      owned by such Person any securities acquired



4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      directly from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates)
      or (d) the Board of Directors adopts a resolution to the effect that,
      for purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control has
      occurred.


      (r)    “Qualifying Termination” shall mean a termination of
      employment pursuant to Section 2.1 entitling you to a Severance
      Payment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.


      (s)     “Separation from Service” shall mean a separation from
      service as defined in Code section 409A and the applicable
      regulations thereunder, without giving effect to any elective
      provisions that may be available under such definition except that in
      determining whether there is a separation from service with the
      employer, the employer shall be determined as follows:


            (i)    In applying Code section 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) for
            purposes of determining a controlled group of corporations
            under Code section 414(b), the phrase “at least 50 percent”
            shall be used instead of “at least 80 percent” each place it
            appears in Code section 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3); and


            (ii)    In applying Treas. Reg. section 1.414(c)-2 for purposes
            of determining trades or businesses (whether or not
            incorporated) that are under common control for purposes of
            Code section 414(c), “at least 50 percent” is used instead of
            “at least 80 percent” each place it appears in Treas. Reg.
            section 1.414(c)-2.


      (t)
 “Severance Payment” shall mean the payment described in Section 2.2.
      (u)
 “Subsidiary” shall mean any entity at least 50% of the voting securities 
of which are Beneficially Owned by the Company.
ARTICLE II    
 
SEVERANCE PAYMENTS


2.1    Right to Severance Payment


You shall be entitled to receive a Severance Payment from the Company in 
the amount provided in Section 2.2 if the following circumstances apply:


      (a)    (i) there has been a Change in Control, (ii) you are an active
      employee at the time of the Change in Control, and (iii) within two
      years from and including the date of the Change in Control, your
      employment is terminated by the Employer for any reason (other than
      Just Cause or your death or Disability), or you terminate your
      employment for Good Reason;


      (b)    you execute a separate release agreement, in substantially the
      form attached as Exhibit 1 hereto (“Release Agreement”), subject to
      applicable law in effect at the time of execution, in accordance with
      the terms and timing set forth therein; and



5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      (c)    you abide by the following restrictive covenant obligations:


            (i)    Non-Disclosure Obligation: In order to facilitate your
            exposure and access to Confidential Information for purposes of
            carrying out your job duties on behalf of the Company and the
            Employer, you agree to treat and hold the Confidential
            Information in the strictest confidence. You further agree
            that, without the Company’s prior written consent, or as
            required by law, you will not provide copies of or otherwise
            disclose the Confidential Information to any person including,
            but not limited to, the media, any corporation, partnership,
            group, individual or other entity, except as required to carry
            out your job duties on behalf of the Company and the Employer.
            You further agree not to exploit or make use, directly or
            indirectly, of such Confidential Information without the
            express written consent of the Company, except to carry out
            your job duties on behalf of the Company and the Employer. You
            understand that this obligation survives beyond the termination
            of your employment.


            (ii)    No Rights To Confidential Information: It is understood
            and agreed that the disclosure of the Confidential Information
            by the Company and the Employer shall not grant you any
            express, implied or other license or rights to the Confidential
            Information, patents or trade secrets of the Company or any of
            its Affiliates, whether or not patentable, nor shall it
            constitute or be deemed to create a partnership, joint venture
            or other undertaking. Further, you agree not to remove or
            otherwise alter any of the trademarks or service marks, serial
            numbers, logos, copyrights, notices or other proprietary
            notices or indicia, if any, fixed or attached to Confidential
            Information or any part thereof. You shall not
            reverse-engineer, decompile, attempt to derive independently,
            or disassemble any and all Confidential Information and
            technology disclosed during your employment and shall not
            remove, overprint or deface any notice of confidentiality,
            copyright, trademark, logo, legend or other notices of
            ownership or confidentiality from any originals or copies of
            Confidential Information.


            (iii)    Return of Confidential Information: Upon the request
            of the Company at any time, you will cease using and return to
            the Company (or, to the extent agreed to in writing by the
            Company, delete) the Confidential Information and all copies,
            summaries and extracts thereof (including without limitation
            any notes, memoranda, notebooks, drawings, records, reports,
            files, documented source and object codes and other documents
            and all copies or reproductions of such materials) in your
            possession or under your control, whether prepared by you or
            others.


            (iv)    Proprietary Rights and Assignment Agreement: You hereby
            confirm that: (i) you do not have any proprietary rights,
            including, without limitation, copyright or other right,
            relating to any idea, product or any other development of the
            Company or its Affiliates, and that all such respective rights
            belong exclusively to the Company and its Affiliates, and (ii)
            that all rights, title and interest in and to development
            and/or products, including, but not limited to, trade secrets,



6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

            Confidential Information, know-how, patents and other rights in
            connection therewith developed by you or obtained by you from,
            for or on behalf of the Company or its Affiliates, or with the
            contribution of your efforts and created during the term of
            your relationship with the Company and its Affiliates, are
            hereby assigned to the Company, and shall be the sole and
            exclusive property of the Company and/or its applicable
            Affiliates. You shall execute all documents necessary to assign
            any patents to the Company and otherwise transfer such
            proprietary rights to the Company.


            (v)    Non-Disparagement: You agree not to make statements to
            clients, policyholders, suppliers or other business partners of
            the parties released pursuant to the Release Agreement
            (“Released Parties”) or to other members of the public that are
            in any way disparaging or negative towards the Released Parties
            or their products and services.


            (iv)    Injunctive Relief: Finally, you acknowledge that money
            damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of the
            terms of Sections 2.1(b) or (c) and that the Company and its
            applicable Affiliates shall be entitled to injunctive relief,
            specific performance and/or any other appropriate equitable
            remedy, in addition to any other available legal remedies for
            any such breach, enforceable in a court of law.



      (d)    Nothing in this Agreement (including but not limited to the
      contemplated release of claims, promise not to sue, acknowledgements,
      confidentiality, cooperation, non-disparagement, and return of
      property provisions in Section 2.1 of this Agreement and/or in
      Exhibit 1 and ): (i) limits or affects your right to challenge the
      validity of this Release under the Age Discrimination in Employment
      Act or the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990; (ii)
      prevents you from filing a charge or complaint with, providing
      documents or other information to, or participating in an
      investigation or proceeding conducted by, the Equal Employment
      Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the
      Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state or
      local government agency; (iii) prevents you from exercising your
      rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act to engage
      in protected, concerted activity with other employees; or (iv) limits
      or affects any right you may have to receive a payment from a
      government agency (and not the Company) for information provided to
      such agency.


      (e)    Notwithstanding your confidentiality and non-disclosure
      obligations under this Agreement or otherwise, as provided in the
      Federal Defend Trade Secret Act, you shall not be held criminally or
      civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the
      disclosure


      of a trade secret that is made: (i) in confidence to a federal,
      state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly,
      or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or
      investigating a suspected violation of law, or to your attorney in
      connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected
      violation of law; or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a
      lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so
      that it is not made public.



7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, if prior to a Change in Control (i) your employment is 
terminated by the Employer for any reason (other than Just Cause or your 
death or Disability) or (ii) you terminate your employment following the 
occurrence of any event that would give rise to Good Reason, and you 
reasonably demonstrate that such termination or event giving rise to Good 
Reason, as the case may be, (a) occurred at the request of a Person who has 
indicated an intention or taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a 
Change in Control or (b) otherwise occurred in connection with, or in 
anticipation of, a Change in Control (whether or not a Change in Control 
actually occurs), then for all purposes of this Agreement the termination 
of your employment shall be deemed to have occurred immediately following a 
Change in Control. There shall be an irrebuttable presumption that (i) if 
your employment is terminated by the Employer for any reason (other than 
Just Cause or your death or Disability) within ninety (90) calendar days 
prior to the date of a Change in Control, or (ii) if you terminate your 
employment following the occurrence of an event that would give rise to 
Good Reason, which occurs within ninety (90) calendar days prior to the 
date of a Change in Control, your termination shall be deemed to be a 
Qualifying Termination. For purposes of subclause (a)(ii) above, to the 
extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code, you will still be considered 
to be an active employee if you are on sick leave, military leave or any 
other leave of absence approved by the Employer.


2.2    Amount of Severance Payment


      (a)    If you become entitled to a Severance Payment under this
      Agreement, the Company shall pay to you a lump sum payment equal to 
      { ALTERNATIVES:  [two (2)] [three (3)] } times one year’s Annualized
      Compensation, plus an amount equal to your Annual Bonus, divided by
      12, and multiplied by the number of whole months during the relevant
      bonus year in which you were employed for at least one day.


      (b)    In the event that you become entitled to a Severance Payment
      under this Agreement, such Severance Payment shall be in lieu of
      payments and benefits under any other severance plan or arrangement,
      including, without limitation, the Kemper Corporation Employee
      General Severance Pay Plan.


2.3    Limitation on Payments


      (a)    Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, in the
      event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by you
      (including any payment or benefit received in connection with a
      Change in Control or the termination of your employment, whether
      pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan,
      arrangement or agreement) (all such payments and benefits, including
      the payments and benefits under Sections 2.2 and 2.6 of this
      Agreement, being hereinafter referred to as “Total Payments”) would
      be subject (in whole or part), to the excise tax imposed under
      Section 4999 of the Code (“Excise Tax”), then, after taking into
      account any reduction in the Total Payments provided by reason of
      Section 280G of the Code in such other plan, arrangement or
      agreement, the cash severance payments shall first be reduced, and
      the noncash severance payments shall thereafter be reduced, to the
      extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject
      to the Excise Tax but only if the net amount of such Total Payments,
      as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of federal, state
      and local income taxes on such reduced Total



8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized
      deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such reduced Total
      Payments) is greater than or equal to the net amount of such Total
      Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount
      of federal, state and local income taxes on such Total Payments and
      the amount of Excise Tax to which you would be subject in respect of
      such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase
      out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to
      such unreduced Total Payments). The Total Payments shall be reduced
      by the Employer in its reasonable discretion in the following order:
      (A) reduction of any cash payment, excluding any cash payment with
      respect to the acceleration of equity awards, that is otherwise
      payable to you that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (B)
      reduction of any other payments or benefits otherwise payable to you
      on a pro-rata basis or such other manner that complies with Section
      409A of the Code and (C) reduction of any payment with respect to the
      acceleration of equity awards that is otherwise payable to you that
      is exempt from Section 409A of the Code.


      (b)    For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which
      the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion
      of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which you shall
      have waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a
      “payment” within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be
      taken into account, (ii) no portion of the Total Payments shall be
      taken into account which, in the written opinion of independent
      auditors of nationally recognized standing (“Independent Advisors”)
      selected by the Employer, does not constitute a “parachute payment”
      within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by
      reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the
      Excise Tax, no portion of such Total Payments shall be taken into
      account which, in the opinion of Independent Advisors, constitutes
      reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within the
      meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the Base
      Amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to
      such reasonable compensation, and (iii) the value of any non cash
      benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total
      Payments shall be determined by the Independent Advisors in
      accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the
      Code.


2.4    No Duty of Mitigation


The Company acknowledges that it would be very difficult and generally 
impracticable to determine your ability to, or extent to which you may, 
mitigate any damages or injuries you may incur by reason of the Change in 
Control. The Company has taken this into account in entering into this 
Agreement and, accordingly, the Company acknowledges and agrees that you 
shall have no duty to mitigate any such damages and that you shall be 
entitled to receive your entire Severance Payment regardless of any income 
which you may receive from other sources following your termination after 
any Change in Control.


2.5    Time of Severance Payment


The Severance Payment to which you are entitled shall be paid to you, in 
cash and in full,


      { ALTERNATIVES: 



9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      FOR EXECUTIVES WITH SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2016 (“GROUP
      A”): 


      [on or as soon as practicable following the first day of the seventh
      month following your Separation from Service,]


      FOR EXECUTIVES FIRST RECEIVING SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS AFTER JULY 1,
      2016 (“GROUP B”): 


      [within the sixty-day period following your Separation from Service,
      ] }


provided that the Release Agreement has been executed and returned to the 
Employer and any applicable revocation period has expired. If you should 
die before all amounts payable to you have been paid, such unpaid amounts 
shall be paid to your beneficiary under this Agreement or, if you have not 
designated such a beneficiary in writing to the Company, to the personal 
representative(s) of your estate as soon as possible following your death 
(and without regard to the timing set out in the first sentence of this 
Section 2.5).


2.6    Life and Health Insurance Coverage


If you are entitled to receive a Severance Payment under Section 2.1, the 
Company shall also provide you with the following additional benefits:


      (a)    Life insurance coverage for you and your dependents, for a
      period of { ALTERNATIVES: [two (2)] [three (3)] } years following
      your termination of employment, having a face amount at least equal
      to the greater of (i) the amount in effect for you (in your case)
      and/or your dependents (in the case of your dependents) immediately
      prior to the Change in Control, or (ii) the amount in effect for you
      (in your case) and/or your dependents (in the case of your
      dependents) immediately prior to the Date of Termination, such
      coverage to be provided under the same plan or plans under which you
      (in your case) or your dependents (in the case of your dependents)
      were covered immediately prior to the Change in Control (or Date of
      Termination, as applicable) or substantially similar plan(s)
      established by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
      thereafter, and at no greater cost (“Active Employee Cost”) to you
      (in your case) or your dependents (in the case of your dependents)
      than was imposed pursuant to the plan(s) under which you (in your
      case) and/or your dependents (in the case of your dependents) were
      covered immediately prior to the Change in Control (or Date of
      Termination, as applicable), provided, however, that until the first
      day of the seventh month following your Separation from Service, you
      shall pay the entire cost of such coverage and shall be reimbursed by
      the Company for the difference between such payments and the Active
      Employee Cost on or as soon as possible following the first day of
      the seventh month following your Separation from Service. {
      ADDITIONAL WORDING ONLY FOR GROUP B: [Notwithstanding the foregoing,
      the requirement to pay the cost of life insurance, followed by
      reimbursement by the Company on the first day of the seventh month
      following your Separation from Service, shall only be applicable to
      the extent the Company determines that the provision of a taxable
      benefit under this Section 2.6(a) during the first six months
      following your Separation from Service is not exempt from



10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Code Section 409A by reason of the application of the short-term
      deferral exemption and/or the separation pay plan exemption, found in
      Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and -1(b)(9)(iii),
      respectively.]  }


      (b)    You have the right to continue your health insurance coverage
      (including any dental coverage) for you and your dependents under the
      same plan or plans under which you were covered immediately prior to
      your termination of employment, upon your payment of the


      applicable premium (as defined by Code section 4980B(f)(4)) for such
      coverage (such continuation of health insurance coverage is referred
      to herein as “COBRA Coverage”). The Company shall pay you, in
      accordance with the timing specified in Section 2.5, as an addition
      to the lump sum payment called for under Section 2.2, an amount equal
      to the excess of (A) the amount payable as a monthly premium for
      COBRA Coverage (assuming you were to elect COBRA Coverage) over (B)
      the monthly amount paid by an active employee for the same coverage
      (both determined as of the date of your termination of employment),
      multiplied by { ALTERNATIVES: [twenty-four (24)] [thirty-six (36)] }
      . This payment represents generally the amount of the Company’s
      subsidy of employee group health for you while employed (as a
      component of your total, regular compensation), but the payment is an
      additional, taxable separation pay benefit, and is not linked to or
      conditioned on your election of COBRA continuation coverage.


2.7    Outplacement Services


If you are entitled to receive a Severance Payment under Section 2.1, the 
Company shall also provide you with a full range of outplacement services 
provided for up to fifty-two (52) weeks by a reputable organization chosen 
by the Company. These outplacement services will be paid for by the 
Company.


2.8    Withholding of Taxes


The Company or your Employer may withhold from any amounts payable under 
this Agreement all federal, state, city or other taxes required by 
applicable law to be withheld.


2.9    No Setoff


The Company’s obligation to make Severance Payments to you pursuant to this 
Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be 
affected by any circumstances, including, but not limited to, any setoff, 
counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company or any 
of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates may have against you or others.


2.10    Benefits Under Other Plans


The benefits that you may be entitled to receive pursuant to Sections 2.6 
and 2.7 of this Agreement are not intended to be duplicative of any similar 
benefits to which you may be entitled from the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries or Affiliates under any other severance plan, agreement, 
policy or program maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or 
Affiliates. Accordingly, the benefits to which you are entitled under 
Sections 2.6 and 2.7 shall be reduced to take account of



11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

any other similar benefits to which you are entitled from the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.


ARTICLE III    
 
OTHER RIGHTS AND BENEFITS NOT AFFECTED


3.1    Other Benefits


This Agreement does not provide a pension for you nor shall any payment 
hereunder be characterized as deferred compensation. Except as set forth in 
Sections 2.2(b) and 2.10, neither the provisions of this Agreement nor the 
Severance Payment and other amounts and benefits provided for hereunder 
shall reduce any amounts otherwise payable, or in any way diminish your 
rights as an employee, whether existing now or hereafter, under any 
benefit, incentive, retirement, equity-based award, stock purchase plan or 
any employment agreement or other plan or arrangement not related to 
severance. Any such other amounts or benefits payable shall be included, as 
necessary, for making any of the calculations required under Section 2.3.


3.2    Employment Status


This Agreement does not constitute a contract of employment or impose on 
you any obligation to remain in the employ of the Employer, nor does it 
impose on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates any 
obligation to retain you in your present or any other position, or to 
change the status of your employment as an employee at will. Nothing in 
this Agreement shall in any way require the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries or Affiliates to provide you with any severance benefits prior 
to a Change in Control (except that the foregoing shall not modify the 
second and third sentences of Section 2.1), nor shall this Agreement ever 
be construed in any way as establishing any policies or requirements of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates for the termination of 
your employment or the payment of severance benefits to you if your 
employment terminates prior to a Change in Control, nor shall anything in 
this Agreement in any way affect the right of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries or Affiliates in its absolute discretion to change prior to a 
Change in Control one or more benefit plans, including but not limited to 
pension plans, dental plans, health care plans, savings plans, bonus plans, 
vacation pay plans, disability plans, and the like.


ARTICLE IV    
 
SUCCESSOR TO COMPANY


The Company shall require any successor or assignee, whether direct or 
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all or 
substantially all the business or assets of the Company, expressly and 
unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Company’s obligations 
under this Agreement, in the same manner and to the same extent that the 
Company would be required to perform if no such succession or assignment 
had taken place. In such event, the term “Company,” as used in this 
Agreement, shall mean the Company as herein before defined and any 
successor or



12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

assignee to the business or assets which by reason hereof becomes bound by 
the terms and provisions of this Agreement.


ARTICLE V    
 
LEGAL FEES AND EXPENSES


The Company shall pay as they become due { ADDITIONAL WORDING ONLY FOR 
GROUP A: [, but no sooner than the first day of the seventh month following 
your Separation from Service,] } all legal fees, costs of arbitration and 
other expenses incurred in good faith by you as a result of the Company’s 
refusal or failure to make the Severance Payment and/or other amounts and 
benefits to which you become entitled under this Agreement, as a result of 
the Company’s contesting the validity, enforceability or interpretation of 
this Agreement or of your right to benefits hereunder. A determination as 
to whether or not you have acted in good faith shall be determined by the 
arbitrator based on the facts and circumstances presented in the 
arbitration.



ARTICLE VI    
 
ARBITRATION


In lieu of litigation, any dispute or controversy arising under or in 
connection with this Agreement not otherwise resolved through the claims 
procedure set forth in Section 7.12 shall be settled by arbitration, 
consistent with the arbitration agreement currently in effect by separate 
agreement with you and the Employer, as that may be modified from time to 
time. In the event such arbitration agreement is determined to be 
inapplicable or unenforceable hereunder or if no such arbitration agreement 
is then in effect, you agree to arbitrate any dispute related to this 
Agreement, that this Agreement provides sufficient consideration for that 
obligation, and that the following terms and conditions shall apply to any 
such arbitration hereunder: The arbitration shall be conducted before a 
panel of three arbitrators sitting in a location selected by you within 
fifty (50) miles from the location of your job with the Employer 
immediately prior to the Change in Control (determined without regard to 
any relocation thereof which would give rise to Good Reason), in accordance 
with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. 
Judgment may be entered on the award of the arbitrator in any court having 
jurisdiction. All expenses of such arbitration, including the fees and 
expenses of your counsel, shall be borne, and paid as incurred, by the 
Company, { ADDITIONAL WORDING ONLY FOR GROUP A: [but not earlier than the 
first day of the seventh month following your Separation from Service,] }  
provided that the Company shall only be required to pay your fees and 
expenses if they are incurred in good faith. You shall be conclusively 
presumed to have acted in good faith unless and until the arbitrator makes 
a final determination to the contrary. Notwithstanding any provision of 
this Agreement to the contrary, you shall be entitled to seek specific 
performance of your right to be paid until the Date of Termination during 
the pendency of any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection 
with this Agreement. Nothing in this Article VI limits the Company’s rights 
to enforce the terms and conditions of the covenant obligations set forth 
in Section 2.1 (b) and (c) in a court of law.



13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLE VII    
 
MISCELLANEOUS


7.1    Applicable Law


To the extent not preempted by the laws of the United States and in the 
interest of interpreting this Agreement in a uniform manner with other 
similar agreements being entered into by the Company with other of its and 
its Subsidiaries’ and Affiliates’ employees regardless of the jurisdiction 
in which you are employed or any other factor, the laws of the State of 
Illinois shall be the controlling law in all matters relating to this 
Agreement, regardless of the choice-of-law rules of the State of Illinois 
or any other jurisdiction.


7.2    Construction


No term or provision of this Agreement shall be construed so as to require 
the commission of any act contrary to law, and wherever there is any 
conflict between any provision of this Agreement and any present or future 
statute, law, ordinance, or regulation contrary to which the parties have 
no legal right to contract, the latter shall prevail, but in such event the 
affected provision of this Agreement shall be curtailed and limited only to 
the extent necessary to bring such provision within the requirements of the 
law.


7.3    Severability


If a provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid, the 
illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of this 
Agreement and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the 
illegal or invalid provision had not been included.


7.4    Headings


The Section headings in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of 
convenience, and in no way define, limit, or extend or interpret the scope 
of this Agreement or of any particular Section.


7.5    Termination Procedures


      (a)    Notice of Termination. After a Change in Control and during
      the Term, any purported termination of your employment (other than by
      reason of death) shall be communicated by a written Notice of
      Termination from the Employer to you or by you to the Employer in
      accordance with Section 7.10 hereof. For purposes of this Agreement,
      a “Notice of Termination” shall mean a notice which shall indicate
      the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and
      shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
      claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under
      the provision so indicated. Further, a Notice of Termination for Just
      Cause is required to include a copy of a resolution duly adopted by
      the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters (3/4) of the
      entire membership of the board of directors of the Employer at a
      meeting of such board of directors which was called and held for the
      purpose of considering such termination (after



14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      reasonable notice to you and an opportunity for you, together with
      your counsel, to be heard before such board of directors) finding
      that, in the good faith opinion of such board of directors, you were
      guilty of conduct set forth in clause (i) or (ii) of the definition
      of Just Cause herein, and specifying the particulars thereof in
      detail.


      (b)    Date of Termination. “Date of Termination,” with respect to
      any purported termination of your employment after a Change in
      Control and during the Term, shall mean (i) if your employment is
      terminated for Disability, thirty (30) days after Notice of
      Termination is given (provided that you shall not have returned to
      the full-time performance of your duties during such thirty (30) day
      period), and (ii) if your employment is terminated for any other
      reason, the date specified in the Notice of Termination (which, in
      the case of a termination by the Company, shall not be less than
      thirty (30) days (except in the case of a termination for Just Cause)
      and, in the case of a termination by you, shall not be less than
      fifteen (15) days nor more than sixty (60) days, respectively, from
      the date such Notice of Termination is given).


7.6    Assignability


Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest therein shall be 
assignable or transferable (whether by pledge, grant of a security 
interest, or otherwise) by you, your beneficiaries or legal 
representatives, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the 
Company, its successors and assigns, and you and shall be enforceable by 
them and your legal personal representatives.


7.7    Entire Agreement


This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and you 
regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, if 
any, understandings and arrangements, written or oral, between the Company 
and you with respect to the subject matter hereof.


7.8    Term


The term of this Agreement (“Term”) shall commence on the date set forth on 
page one and shall continue in effect through December 31 of this year; 
provided, however, that commencing on each January 1 thereafter, the Term 
shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless, not later 
than September 30 of the preceding year, the Company or you shall have 
given notice not to extend the Term; and further provided, however, that if 
a Change in Control shall have occurred during the Term, the Term shall 
expire no earlier than twenty-four (24) months beyond the month in which 
such Change in Control occurred. If you become entitled to Severance 
Payments hereunder, this Agreement shall continue and be effective until 
you (or the person(s) specified in Section 2.5) shall have received in full 
all Severance Payments and other benefits to which you are entitled under 
this Agreement, at which time this Agreement shall terminate for all 
purposes.



15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

7.9    Amendment


No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless 
such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed 
by you and the Company. No waiver by the Company or you at any time of any 
breach by the other party of, or compliance with, any condition or 
provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be 
deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the 
same or any prior or subsequent time. No agreement or representations, 
written or oral, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, have been made by either party which are not expressly set forth in 
this Agreement.


7.10    Notices


For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications 
provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been 
duly given upon delivery when personally delivered or sent by a recognized 
overnight courier service in writing, addressed to the respective addresses 
last given by each party to the other, provided that all notices to the 
Company or the Employer shall be directed to the attention of the Board of 
Directors with a copy to the General Counsel of the Company. No objection 
to the method of delivery may be made if the written notice or other 
communication is actually received.


7.11    Administration


The Company has entered into agreements similar to this Agreement herein 
with other employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. 
These agreements, taken together, constitute a welfare benefit plan within 
the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA. The Administrator of such plan, 
within the meaning of Section 3(16) of ERISA, and the Named Fiduciary 
thereof, within the meaning of Section 402 of ERISA, is the Company.


7.12    Claims


If you believe you are entitled to a benefit under this Agreement, you may 
make a claim for such benefit by filing with the Company a written 
statement setting forth the amount and type of payment so claimed. The 
statement shall also set forth the facts supporting the claim. The claim 
may be filed by mailing or delivering it to the Secretary of the Company. 
Within ninety (90) calendar days after receipt of such a claim, the Company 
shall notify you in writing of its action on such claim and if such claim 
is not allowed in full, shall state the following in a manner calculated to 
be understood by you:


(a)    The specific reason or reasons for the denial;



16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      (b)    Specific reference to pertinent provisions of this Agreement
      on which the denial is based;


      (c)    A description of any additional material or information
      necessary for you to be entitled to the benefits that have been
      denied and an explanation of why such material or information is
      necessary; and


      (d)    An explanation of this Agreement’s claim review procedure.


If you disagree with the action taken by the Company, you or your duly 
authorized representative may apply to the Company for a review of such 
action. Such application shall be made within sixty (60) calendar days 
after receipt by you of the notice of the Company’s action on your claim. 
The application for review shall be filed in the same manner as the claim 
for benefits. In connection with such review, you may inspect any documents 
or records pertinent to the matter and may submit issues and comments in 
writing to the Company. A decision by the Company shall be communicated to 
you within sixty (60) calendar days after receipt of the application 
(unless special circumstances require an extension of time, but in no event 
more than one hundred and twenty (120) days after such receipt). The 
decision on review shall be in writing and shall include specific reasons 
for the decision, written in a manner calculated to be understood by you, 
and specific references to the pertinent provisions of this Agreement on 
which the decision is based.

7.13    Individual Severance Agreement


This Agreement constitutes an individual severance agreement for purposes 
of the Company’s Severance Plan (“Severance Plan”). Accordingly, you will 
not be eligible to receive any severance payments or other benefits under 
the Severance Plan if you are entitled to benefits under this Agreement.


{ ALTERNATIVES:


FOR GROUP A:


[7.14    409A Compliance  


      (a)    This Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a
      manner so that all amounts and/or benefits payable or provided
      hereunder shall be paid or provided in a manner that is compliant
      with Code section 409A, including, specifically, the requirement to
      delay certain payments to you during the first six months following
      your Separation from Service, and to pay all amounts at a fixed time
      or on a fixed or permissible schedule in relationship to the date of
      your Separation from Service.


      (b)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to
      the extent that the requirements of Code section 409A apply to any
      amount or benefit that would otherwise be payable or distributable
      hereunder by reason of your termination of employment, such amount or
      benefit will not be payable or distributable to you by reason of such
      circumstance



17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      unless the circumstances giving rise to such termination of
      employment constitute a Separation from Service.


      (c)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if
      any amount or benefit is nonqualified deferred compensation for
      purposes of Code section 409A that would otherwise be payable or
      distributable under this Agreement by reason of your Separation from
      Service, then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by
      the Company under Treas. Reg. section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic
      relations order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest), or (j)(4)(vi)
      (payment of employment taxes):


            (i)    If the payment or distribution is payable in a lump sum,
            your right to receive payment or distribution of such
            non-exempt deferred compensation will be delayed until the
            earlier of your death or the first day of the seventh month
            following your Separation from Service; and


            (ii)    If the payment or distribution is payable over time,
            the amount of such non-exempt deferred compensation that would
            otherwise be payable during the six-month period immediately
            following your Separation from Service will be accumulated and
            your right to receive payment or distribution of such
            accumulated amount will be delayed until the earlier of your
            death or the first day of the seventh month following your
            Separation from Service, whereupon the accumulated amount will
            be paid or distributed to you on such date and the normal
            payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments or
            distributions will resume.


      (d)    With regard to any provision herein that provides for
      reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits that are not
      exempt from Code section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or
      in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for
      another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for
      reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any of your
      taxable years shall not affect the expenses eligible for
      reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any of your
      other taxable years, provided that the foregoing clause (ii) shall
      not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any
      arrangement covered by Code section 105(b) solely because such
      arrangement provides for a limit on the amount of expenses that may
      be reimbursed over some or all of the period the arrangement is in
      effect, and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last
      day of your taxable year following the taxable year in which the
      expenses was incurred.]


FOR GROUP B:


[7.14    409A Exemption


      (a)    All cash payments and all taxable benefits provided for under
      this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A by
      reason of the short-term deferral exemption and/or the separation pay
      plan exemption, found in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)
      and -1(b)(9)(iii), respectively, and shall be interpreted and
      administered to the maximum extent permissible so as to comply in all
      regards with the aforementioned exemptions.



18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      (b)    In the event any portion of the cash payments and/or taxable
      benefits provided for under this Agreement are determined to be
      outside the scope of the regulatory exemptions referred to in the
      preceding paragraph, such payments and benefits shall be paid or
      provided following the time or schedule measured by reference to your
      Separation from Service, and shall not be paid or provided during the
      first six months following your Separation from Service (with
      payments otherwise payable during such period to be paid on the first
      day of the seventh month following your Separation from Service).]  
      }



19
------------------------------------------------------------------------






If this Agreement is acceptable to you, please sign the enclosed copy of 
this Agreement in the space provided below and return it to me.





Sincerely,






______________________________

[TYPED NAME] 
{ ALTERNATIVES: [President and Chief Executive Officer] [Chairman of the 
Board] }








ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:






By: ________________________________
[TYPED NAME]
 


20
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT 1


GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT


This General Release Agreement (“Release Agreement”) is made between 
[NAME] (“Employee”) and [EMPLOYER NAME AT TIME OF SIGNATURE], for itself 
and on behalf of all of its affiliates (collectively, “Employer”), on the 
date last written below.


BACKGROUND


Employee is party to a letter agreement providing for severance and other 
benefits in connection with a change in control of Kemper Corporation, 
dated [DATE] (“Severance Agreement”), which provides that certain benefits 
will be provided subject to certain terms and conditions, including the 
execution of this General Release Agreement.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS


In consideration of their mutual promises and undertakings described in the 
Severance Agreement (incorporated herein by reference) and those described 
below, Employee and Employer agree as follows:


1.     Employment Responsibilities End. Employee’s employment by Employer 
{ALTERNATIVES: [shall end] [ended]} at the close of business on [DATE] 
(“Termination Date”). Employee no longer will be authorized to transact 
business or incur any expenses, obligations and liabilities on behalf of 
the Employer after the Termination Date. Employee agrees not to seek 
reinstatement, future employment, or other working relationship with the 
Employer or any of its affiliates. Employee acknowledges and represents: 
(a) Employee has reported to the Employer any and all work-related injuries 
incurred during employment; (b) the Employer properly provided any leave of 
absence because of Employee’s or a family member’s health condition and 
Employee has not been subjected to any improper treatment, conduct or 
actions due to a request for or taking such leave; and (c) Employee had the 
opportunity to provide the Employer with written notice of any and all 
concerns regarding suspected ethical and compliance issues or violations on 
the part of the Employer or any Released Party (as defined below), and to 
report to the Employer any complaints, claims, or actions filed against the 
Employer or any Released Party, subject to the provisions of the second and 
third paragraphs of Section 4 below.


Employee further agrees that Employee has been paid all wages, benefits, 
and other compensation owed to Employee by Employer through the Termination 
Date, subject to the obligation of Employer for the payment of salary at 
Employee’s current base rate through the Termination Date and all paid time 
off (PTO), if any, that will be accrued but unpaid on the Termination Date. 
Any such accrued and unpaid PTO will be paid to Employee no later than the 
next regularly scheduled payday after the Termination Date. Employee agrees 
that Employee is not entitled to any additional or future compensation or 
benefits other than compensation and benefits provided under the Severance 
Agreement and/or compensation and benefits, if any, arising under the 
retirement, welfare benefits, bonus and equity compensation plans of Kemper 
Corporation to which Employee may be entitled by virtue of Employee’s 
employment with Employer, subject in



1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

all cases to the terms and conditions of the plans and agreements governing 
such compensation and benefits. Without limitation to the above, Employee 
acknowledges and agrees that Employee is not entitled to any severance pay 
pursuant to the Kemper Corporation Employee General Severance Pay Plan.


2.     Unemployment Claims. Employer expressly agrees that the release 
language in Section 4 below shall not prevent Employee from applying for 
unemployment benefits to which Employee may be entitled under applicable 
law.


3.     Confidentiality and Return of Property.


(a) Employee acknowledges that the covenant obligations in paragraph 2.1 
(b) and (c) of the Severance Agreement survive his or her discharge and 
remain in full force and effect.


(b) Employee agrees to return to Employer all Employer credit cards, 
identification cards, access cards and keys to Employer’s properties or 
facilities that Employee may have in her possession. Employee shall return 
any and all Employer confidential files and all Employer confidential and 
proprietary information that Employee may have in his or her possession. 
Employee shall also return any and all of Employer’s property, including 
but not limited to, computer equipment, peripherals, printers, and company 
vehicles.


4.     Consideration to Employer - Release of Claims and Agreement Not to 
Sue. Except as stated below, Employee hereby forever releases, discharges 
and holds harmless Employer and its respective parent company, 
subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors and assigns, and their 
officers, directors, shareholders, principals, employees, insurers, and 
agents (“the Released Parties”) from any claim or cause of action 
whatsoever which Employee either has or may have against Employer resulting 
from or arising out of or related to Employee’s employment by Employer, or 
the termination of that employment, including any claims or causes of 
action Employee has or may have pursuant to the Age Discrimination in 
Employment Act (“ADEA”); the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990 
(“OWBPA”); Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the 
Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Americans with Disabilities Act; the 
Rehabilitation Act of 1973; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; the 
Illinois Human Rights Act; the Employer Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974; and any other law or regulation of any local, state or federal 
jurisdiction.


This release does not apply to any claims or rights that may arise after 
the date that Employee signs this Release Agreement, or relate to the 
consideration for this Release Agreement, vested rights under the 
Employer’s employee benefit plans as applicable on the date Employee signs 
this Release Agreement, or any claims that the controlling law clearly 
states may not be released by private agreement. Furthermore, this release 
does not waive any rights Employee might have to indemnification as a 
corporate officer pursuant to Kemper Corporation’s certificate of 
incorporation and bylaws, applicable benefit plan documents, or by 
applicable statutory or common law.


Nothing in this Release Agreement (including but not limited to the release 
of claims, promise not to sue, Employee acknowledgements, confidentiality, 
cooperation, non-disparagement, and return of property provisions): (a) 
limits or affects Employee’s right to challenge the validity of this 
release under the ADEA or the OWBPA; (b) prevents Employee from filing a 
charge or



2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

complaint with, providing documents or other information to, or 
participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by, the Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local 
government agency;  or (c) prevents Employee from exercising his or her 
rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act to engage in 
protected, concerted activity with other employees, although by signing 
this Release Agreement Employee is waiving his or her right to recover any 
individual relief (including any backpay, frontpay, reinstatement or other 
legal or equitable relief) in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit or other 
proceeding brought by or on behalf of Employee, except for any right 
Employee may have to receive a payment from a government agency (and not 
the Employer) for information provided to such agency, or other waiver 
prohibited by applicable law.


Other than an arbitration action for breach of this Release Agreement, 
Employee expressly acknowledges that if Employee files any claim or lawsuit 
in a court or arbitration proceeding regarding any matter described in this 
Release Agreement, Employer may be entitled to recover from Employee some 
or all money paid under this Release Agreement, and if Employer prevails, 
Employee agrees to pay attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in defending 
against such action, to the extent permitted by law.


Notwithstanding Employee’s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations 
under this Release Agreement or otherwise, as provided in the Federal 
Defend Trade Secret Act, Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly 
liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a 
trade secret that is made: (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local 
government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and 
solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation 
of law, or to Employee’s attorney in connection with a lawsuit for 
retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law; or (ii) in a 
complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such 
filing is made under seal so that it is not made public.


5.     No Admission of Liability. Nothing in this Release Agreement shall 
be construed to be an admission of liability by Employer and its respective 
parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors and 
assigns, and their officers, directors, shareholders, principals, 
employees, insurers, and agents for any alleged violation of any of 
Employee’s statutory rights or any common law duty imposed upon Employer.


6.     Adequate Consideration. Employee agrees that the consideration 
provided for in the Severance Agreement is above and beyond any amounts 
already owed to Employee and is adequate consideration for all promises and 
releases contained in this Release Agreement.


7.     Non-waiver. The waiver by either party of a breach of any provision 
of this Release Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be 
construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other 
provision of this Release Agreement.


8.     Notices. Any notices required or permitted to be given under this 
Release Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given upon delivery 
when personally delivered or sent by a recognized overnight courier service 
in writing to Employee’s residence as last shown on Employer’s



3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

employment records, in the case of Employee, or to [EMPLOYER NAME AND 
CONTACT TITLE AND ADDRESS AT TIME OF SIGNATURE], in the case of Employer.


9.     Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise provided in specific 
provisions above, this Release Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of Employee, Employee’s spouse, Employee’s heirs, executors, 
administrators, designated beneficiaries and upon anyone claiming under 
Employee or Employee’s spouse, and shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of Employer and its successors and assigns. Employee warrants and 
represents that, except as provided herein, no right, claim, cause of 
action or demand, or any part thereof, which Employee may have arising out 
of or in any way related to Employee’s employment with Employer, has been 
or will be assigned, granted or transferred in any way to any other person, 
entity, firm or corporation, in any manner, including by subrogation or by 
operation of marital property rights.


10.     Severability. If a court or other body of competent jurisdiction 
should determine that any term or provision of this Release Agreement is 
invalid or unenforceable, such term or provision shall be reformed rather 
than voided, if possible, in accordance with the purposes stated in this 
Release Agreement and with applicable law, and all other terms and 
provisions of this Release Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable 
to the extent possible.


11.     Oral Agreements; Applicable Law. The parties acknowledge that there 
are no oral agreements or understandings that conflict with, modify, 
supplement or supersede the terms and conditions of this Release Agreement. 
This Release Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of 
Illinois applicable to contracts entered into and to be performed in the 
State of Illinois.


12.     Representations and Warranties. By signing below, the Employee 
represents and warrants that Employee has been advised in writing to 
consult with an attorney before signing this Release Agreement, and 
Employee has had the opportunity to do so if desired. Employee acknowledges 
that this Release Agreement has been delivered to Employee on [DATE] and 
understands that Employee has up to twenty-one (21) days following such 
date to sign and return this Release Agreement to Employer. Employee agrees 
that any changes made to this Release Agreement do not restart the running 
of the 21-day period.


The Employee further acknowledges and understands that some portions of the 
payments and/or benefits described in the Severance Agreement and this 
Release Agreement, are the consideration to the Employee for waiving rights 
under the ADEA referenced in Section 4 and for Employee’s obligations 
described in Section 3.


Finally, Employee understands that Employee has the right within seven (7) 
days of the signing of this Release Agreement to revoke Employee’s waiver 
of rights to claim damages under the ADEA. If Employee does revoke that 
waiver within the seven (7) day period, the Release Agreement shall be null 
and void.


Any such revocation must be in writing and in delivered to Employer in 
compliance with the notice provisions of Section 8 no later than the 
seventh day after execution of this Release Agreement.



4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

13.     Employee Cooperation and Assistance. Employee agrees to cooperate 
fully with Employer in the defense or prosecution of any lawsuits, 
arbitrations, or any other types of proceedings, and in the preparation of 
any response to any examination or investigation by any government entity 
or agency, and with respect to any other claims or matters (all such 
lawsuits, arbitrations, proceedings, examinations, investigation, claims 
and matters being collectively referred to as “Proceedings”), arising out 
of or in any way related to the policies, practices, or conduct of Employer 
and its affiliates during the time Employee was employed by Employer, and 
shall testify fully and truthfully in connection therewith. In addition, 
Employee agrees that, upon reasonable notice, Employee will participate in 
such informal interviews by counsel for Employer as may be reasonably 
necessary to ascertain Employee’s knowledge concerning the facts relating 
to any such Proceedings, and to cooperate with such counsel in providing 
testimony whether through deposition or affidavit in any such Proceeding.


Employee agrees to immediately notify Employer if he or she is served with 
legal process to compel her to disclose any information related to either 
his or her employment with Employer or information regarding one or more of 
its affiliates, unless prohibited by law. Employee further agrees to 
immediately notify Employer if he or she is contacted regarding any legal 
claim or legal matter related to her employment with Employer, unless 
prohibited by applicable law.

Caution: This Release Agreement includes a release of certain specified 
rights. Employer hereby advises Employee to read it and to consult with an 
attorney prior to signing it.


TO EVIDENCE THEIR AGREEMENT, the parties have executed this document as of 
the date last written below.


[EMPLOYEE NAME]            [EMPLOYER NAME AT TIME OF EXECUTION]



By:                         
[OFFICER NAME] 




Dated:                         Dated:                         




5
------------------------------------------------------------------------




ATTACHMENT A


Seven Day Right to Revocation


Acknowledgment Form



I, [EMPLOYEE NAME], hereby acknowledge that [EMPLOYER NAME AT TIME OF 
EXECUTION] tendered a General Release Agreement offer which I voluntarily 
agreed to accept on___________, 20___ a date at least seven days prior to 
today’s date.


I certify that seven calendar days have elapsed since my voluntary 
acceptance of this above-referenced offer (i.e. seven days have elapsed 
since the above date), and that I have voluntarily chosen not to revoke my 
acceptance of the above-referenced General Release Agreement.


Signed this ___ day of ________________, 20__




                                                                
Employee Signature





6