 EX-10.2 3 d300797dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

RADIAN GROUP INC.
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS AGREEMENT

Your Information:
 
Name: 	   	Richard G. Thornberry 	   	
Address: 	   	
 
   	
   	
 
   	
Date: 	   	February 8, 2017 	   	
 
 Company:
   	
 Radian Group Inc., its affiliates, and their respective successors or
 assigns (collectively, the Company)
 Address:
   	
 Radian Group Inc.
   	
 1601 Market Street
   	
 Philadelphia, PA 19103

In consideration of your employment with the Company, the compensation the 
Company has agreed to pay you, and your access to Confidential Information 
and Trade Secrets (as such term is defined below), the receipt and 
sufficiency of which you acknowledge, you agree to this Restrictive 
Covenants Agreement (this Agreement), as follows:


1.    Restrictive Covenants.

(a)    You acknowledge and agree that, during, and, as applicable, after 
your employment with the Company, you will be subject to, and will comply 
with, the applicable confidentiality and other terms specified in the 
Companys Code of Conduct and Ethics as in effect on the date hereof and as 
modified thereafter after consultation with the Executive, including terms 
applicable to former employees. The Code of Conduct and Ethics can be 
accessed via this link, Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct and Ethics, 
including any future revisions to the Code of Conduct and Ethics that are 
made during your employment after consultation with you, are incorporated 
into and made a part of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein.

(b)    You acknowledge that your relationship with the Company is one of 
confidence and trust such that you are, and may in the future be, privy to 
and/or you will develop Confidential Information and Trade Secrets of the 
Company. Subject to the provisions of subsection (k), you agree that, at 
all times during your employment and after your employment with the Company 
terminates for any reason, whether by you or by the Company, you will hold 
in strictest confidence and will not disclose, use, or publish any 
Confidential Information and Trade Secrets, except as and only to the 
extent such disclosure, use, or publication is required during your 
employment with the Company for you to fulfill your job duties and 
responsibilities to the Company. At all times during your employment and 
after your termination of employment, you agree that you shall take all 
reasonable precautions to prevent the inadvertent
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or accidental disclosure of Confidential Information and Trade Secrets. You 
hereby assign to the Company any rights you may have or acquire in 
Confidential Information and Trade Secrets, whether developed by you or 
others, and you acknowledge and agree that all Confidential Information and 
Trade Secrets shall be the sole property of the Company and its assigns. 
For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information and Trade Secrets
 shall mean information that the Company owns or possesses, that the 
Company has developed at significant expense and effort, that the Company 
uses or that is potentially useful in the business of the Company, that the 
Company treats as proprietary, private, or confidential, except such 
information that (i) is generally known or becomes known to the public 
absent any breach of this Agreement or the Code of Conduct by you, or (ii) 
as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or the Code of Conduct.

(c)    You acknowledge that any and all Inventions that are conceived, 
created, developed, designed, or reduced to practice by you, alone or with 
others, during the course and/or within the scope of your employment with 
the Company, whether before or after the date of this Agreement, belong to 
the Company (Company Invention(s)). You hereby irrevocably assign to the 
Company, without further consideration, all right, title, and interest that 
you may presently have or acquire (throughout the United States and in all 
foreign countries), free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, in and to 
each Company Invention and each such Company Invention shall be the sole 
property of the Company, whether or not patentable, copyrightable, or 
otherwise legally protectable. Inventions as used herein shall mean all 
intellectual property, ideas, processes, trademarks, service marks, 
inventions, technology, computer programs, original works of authorship, 
designs, formulas, discoveries, patents, copyrights, moral rights 
(including but not limited to rights to attribution or integrity), and all 
improvements, rights, and claims related to the foregoing. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Company Inventions shall not include Inventions that were 
conceived, created, developed, designed, or reduced to practice by you, 
alone or with others, during the course and/or within the scope of your 
employment with the NexSpring Entities, as defined below, before your 
employment with the Company.

(d)    You covenant and agree that (i) you will not bring with you, 
disclose or otherwise use any confidential, proprietary or trade secret 
information acquired from or owned by any prior employer or any other 
entity for which you have provided services, including the NexSpring 
Entities, whether that information was created by you or others, and (ii) 
you will not breach any restrictive covenant or agreement not to disclose 
or use confidential, proprietary or trade secret information with any such 
prior employer or other entity.

(e)    You acknowledge and agree that, during your employment with the 
Company, and during the 18-month period immediately following your 
termination of employment for any reason, and subject to subsection (m) 
below, you will not, without the Companys express written consent, engage 
(directly or indirectly) in any employment or business activity that 
involves or is related to providing any mortgage- or real estate-related 
service or product that, during your employment, the Company provided or 
was actively engaged in developing through the use of Confidential 
Information and Trade Secrets, in any geographic location where the Company 
had an office or conducted business during your employment. You further 
agree that, given the nature of the business of the Company and your 
position with the Company, the geographic scope is appropriate and 
reasonable.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f)    You acknowledge and agree that, during the term of your employment 
by the Company and during the 18-month period immediately following your 
termination of employment for any reason, and subject to subsection (m) 
below, you shall not, directly or indirectly through others, (i) hire or 
attempt to hire any employee of the Company, (ii) solicit or attempt to 
solicit any employee of the Company to become an employee, consultant, or 
independent contractor to, for, or of any other person or business entity, 
or (iii) solicit or attempt to solicit any employee, or any consultant or 
independent contractor of the Company to change or terminate his or her 
relationship with the Company, unless in each case more than six months 
shall have elapsed between the last day of such persons employment or 
service with the Company and the first date of such solicitation or hiring 
or attempt to solicit or hire. If any employee, consultant, or independent 
contractor is hired or solicited by any entity that has hired or agreed to 
hire you, such hiring or solicitation shall be conclusively presumed to be 
a violation of this Agreement; provided, however, that any hiring or 
solicitation pursuant to a general solicitation conducted by an entity that 
has hired or agreed to hire you, or by a headhunter employed by such 
entity, which does not involve you, shall not be a violation of this 
subsection (f).

(g)    You covenant and agree that, during the term of your employment by 
the Company and during the 18-month period immediately following your 
termination of employment for any reason, and subject to subsection (m) 
below, you shall not, either directly or indirectly through others:

(i)    solicit, divert, appropriate, or do business with, or attempt to 
solicit, divert, appropriate, or do business with, any customer for whom 
the Company provided goods or services within 12 months prior to your date 
of termination or any actively sought prospective customer of the Company 
for the purpose of providing such customer or actively sought prospective 
customer with services or products competitive with those offered by the 
Company during your employment with the Company; or

(ii)    encourage any customer for whom the Company provided goods or 
services within 12 months prior to your date of termination to reduce the 
level or amount of business such customer conducts with the Company.

(h)    You acknowledge and agree that the business of the Company is highly 
competitive, that the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets have been 
developed by the Company at significant expense and effort, and that the 
restrictions contained in this Section 1 are reasonable and necessary to 
protect the legitimate business interests of the Company.

(i)    The parties to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that any breach 
by you of any of the covenants or agreements contained in this Section 1 
will result in irreparable injury to the Company, for which money damages 
could not adequately compensate the Company. Therefore, the Company shall 
have the right (in addition to any other rights and remedies which it may 
have at law or in equity) to seek to enforce this Section 1 and any of its 
provisions by injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, 
without bond and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that 
the Company may have for a breach, or threatened breach, of the restrictive 
covenants set forth in this Section 1. You agree that in any action in 
which the Company seeks injunction, specific performance, or other 
equitable relief,
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
you will not assert or contend that any of the provisions of this Section 1 
are unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable. You irrevocably and 
unconditionally (i) agree that any legal proceeding arising out of this 
Agreement may be brought only in the United States District Court for the 
Eastern District of Pennsylvania, or if such court does not have 
jurisdiction or will not accept jurisdiction, in any court of general 
jurisdiction in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, (ii) consent to the sole 
and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such court in any such proceeding, 
and (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such proceeding 
in any such court. You also irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the 
service of any process, pleadings, notices, or other papers.

(j)    If any portion of the covenants or agreements contained in this 
Section 1, or the application thereof, is construed to be invalid or 
unenforceable, the other portions of such covenants or agreements or the 
application thereof shall not be affected and shall be given full force and 
effect without regard to the invalid or unenforceable portions to the 
fullest extent possible. If any covenant or agreement in this Section 1 is 
held to be unenforceable because of the duration thereof or the scope 
thereof, then the court making such determination shall have the power to 
reduce the duration and limit the scope thereof, and the covenant or 
agreement shall then be enforceable in its reduced form. The covenants and 
agreements contained in this Section 1 shall survive the termination of 
your employment with the Company.

(k)    Nothing in this Agreement, including any restrictions on the use of 
Confidential Information and Trade Secrets, shall prohibit or restrict you 
from initiating communications directly with, or responding to any inquiry 
from, or providing testimony before, the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission, the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, or any other federal, state, or local regulatory authority.    
To the extent permitted by law, upon receipt of any subpoena, court order, 
or other legal process compelling the disclosure of Confidential 
Information and Trade Secrets, you agree to give prompt written notice to 
the Company so as to permit the Company to protect its interests in 
confidentiality to the fullest extent possible. Please take notice that 
federal law provides criminal and civil immunity to federal and state 
claims for trade secret misappropriation to individuals who disclose a 
trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a government official in 
certain, confidential circumstances that are set forth at 18 U.S.C. §§ 
1833(b)(1) and 1833(b)(2), related to the reporting or investigation of a 
suspected violation of the law, or in connection with a lawsuit for 
retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of the law.

(l)    Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of 
any license or other right to you in respect of any Confidential 
Information and Trade Secrets or other data, tangible property, or 
intellectual property of the Company.

(m)    Should you violate any of the restrictive covenants of this 
Agreement, then the period of your breach of such covenant (Violation 
Period) shall stop the running of the corresponding Restricted Period. 
Once you resume compliance with the restrictive covenant, the Restricted 
Period applicable to such covenant shall be extended for a period equal to 
the Violation Period so that the Company enjoys the full benefit of your 
compliance with the restrictive covenant for the duration of the 
corresponding Restricted Period.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.    Notification. You shall notify, and the Company has the right to 
notify, any person employing you as to the existence and provisions of this 
Agreement.

3.    Duration; Nature. This Agreement is binding during your employment 
and shall survive any termination of your employment. This Agreement does 
not bind the Company or you to employment for any specific period of time. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed in any way to terminate, 
supersede, undermine, or otherwise modify your employment status as set 
forth in your Employment Agreement and your and Companys respective right 
to terminate your employment in accordance with such agreement.

4.    No Conflicts. You are not a party to any existing agreement or 
employment with an entity that would prevent you from entering into and 
performing this Agreement in accordance with its terms, including, without 
limitation, any agreement subjecting you to a non-competition, 
non-solicitation, or confidentiality covenant; and you will not enter into 
any other agreement that is in conflict with your obligations under this 
Agreement.

5.    Compliance with Law. You acknowledge that the activities of the 
Company are subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations. You 
agree to comply with all applicable laws.

6.    Amendment. No modification to any provision of this Agreement will be 
binding unless it is in writing and signed by both you and an authorized 
representative of the Company. No waiver of any rights under this Agreement 
will be effective unless in writing signed by the Company.

7.    Assignment. You recognize and agree that your obligations under this 
Agreement are of a personal nature and are not assignable or delegable in 
whole or in part by you. The Company may assign this Agreement to any 
affiliate or to any successor-in-interest (whether by sale of assets, sale 
of stock, merger, or other business combination). All of the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit 
of and be enforceable by the respective heirs, executors, administrators, 
legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of you and the 
Company.

8.    Governing Law. The validity, construction, interpretation, and effect 
of this Agreement shall exclusively be governed by, and determined in 
accordance with, the applicable laws of the State of Delaware, excluding 
any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY AND I UNDERSTAND AND ACCEPT THE 
OBLIGATIONS THAT IT IMPOSES UPON ME WITHOUT RESERVATION. I SIGN THIS 
AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY AND FREELY AND INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND.
 
Dated: 	  	
2/8/17
   	 	  	
/s/ Richard G. Thornberry
  	 	   	 	  	Name: 	   	Richard G. Thornberry
Agreed and Acknowledged 	  	 	   	
RADIAN GROUP INC. 	  	 	   	
By: 	  	/s/ Anita Scott 	   	 	  	 	   	
Name: 	  	Anita Scott 	   	 	  	 	   	
 
6