 EX-10.2 4 d101223dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
 

OMNIBUS AGREEMENT

by and among

HESS CORPORATION,

HESS INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS LP,

HESS INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS GP LLC,

HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP,

HESS TGP GP LLC,

HESS TGP OPERATIONS LP,

HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS GP LLC,

HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS OPERATIONS LP,

HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES OPERATIONS LP,

HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES GP LLC,

HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LP

and

HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LLC
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contents
 
 Article I. Defined Terms
   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.01
  	
   Defined Terms
   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.02
  	
   Other Defined Terms
   	  	8 	  
   Section 1.03
  	
   Terms Generally
   	  	8 	  
 Article II. Term
   	  	9 	  
   Section 2.01
  	
   Term and Termination
   	  	9 	  
   Section 2.02
  	
   Transition Services Upon Termination
   	  	9 	  
 Article III. Indemnity
   	  	9 	  
   Section 3.01
  	
   Environmental Indemnification
   	  	9 	  
   Section 3.02
  	
   Right of Way and Real Property Indemnification
   	  	13 	  
   Section 3.03
  	
   Additional Indemnification by HIP LP
   	  	13 	  
   Section 3.04
  	
   Additional Indemnification by the Public Company Group
   	  	14 	  
   Section 3.05
  	
   Additional Indemnification by HTGP Opco
   	  	15 	  
   Section 3.06
  	
   Additional Indemnification by Logistics Opco
   	  	15 	  
   Section 3.07
  	
   Additional Indemnification by Gathering Opco
   	  	15 	  
   Section 3.08
  	
   Indemnification Procedures
   	  	15 	  
   Section 3.09
  	
   Limitations on Indemnity Coverage
   	  	17 	  
 Article IV. Services
   	  	18 	  
   Section 4.01
  	
   General
   	  	18 	  
   Section 4.02
  	
   Reimbursement and Allocation
   	  	18 	  
   Section 4.03
  	
   Services Standard
   	  	20 	  
 Article V. Right of First Offer
   	  	20 	  
   Section 5.01
  	
   Right of First Offer to Purchase Certain Assets
   	  	20 	  
   Section 5.02
  	
   Procedures
   	  	20 	  
 Article VI. License of Name and Mark
   	  	22 	  
   Section 6.01
  	
   Grant of License
   	  	22 	  
   Section 6.02
  	
   Ownership and Quality
   	  	22 	  
   Section 6.03
  	
   Termination
   	  	23 	  
 Article VII. Notices
   	  	23 	  
   Section 7.01
  	
   Notices
   	  	23 	  
 Article VIII. Limitation of Liability
   	  	24 	  
   Section 8.01
  	
   No Liability for Consequential Damages
   	  	24 	  
 Article IX. Miscellaneous
   	  	25 	  
   Section 9.01
  	
   Assignment
   	  	25 	  
   Section 9.02
  	
   Modification
   	  	25 	  
   Section 9.03
  	
   Entire Agreement
   	  	25 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Section 9.04
  	
   Governing Law; Jurisdiction
   	  	25 	  
   Section 9.05
  	
   Severability
   	  	25 	  
   Section 9.06
  	
   No Third-Party Beneficiaries
   	  	26 	  
   Section 9.07
  	
   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
   	  	26 	  
   Section 9.08
  	
   Non-Waiver
   	  	26 	  
   Section 9.09
  	
   Counterparts; Multiple Originals
   	  	26 	  
   Section 9.10
  	
   Schedules
   	  	26 	  
   Section 9.11
  	
   Survival
   	  	26 	  
   Section 9.12
  	
   Table of Contents; Headings; Subheadings
   	  	26 	  
   Section 9.13
  	
   Construction
   	  	27 	  
   Section 9.14
  	
   Business Practices
   	  	27 	  
   Section 9.15
  	
   Binding Effect
   	  	27 	  
 
 Schedule I
   	
 Environmental Matters
 Schedule II
   	
 General and Administrative Services
 Schedule III
   	
 ROFO Assets
 Schedule IV
   	
 Services Mark-Up Percentage
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OMNIBUS AGREEMENT

This OMNIBUS AGREEMENT is entered into as of the Effective Date by and 
among HESS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Hess), on behalf of 
itself and the other Hess Entities (as defined herein), HESS INFRASTRUCTURE 
PARTNERS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (HIP LP), HESS INFRASTRUCTURE 
PARTNERS GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HIP GP), HESS 
MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), 
HESS TGP GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, HESS TGP OPERATIONS 
LP, a Delaware limited partnership (HTGP Opco), HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT 
LOGISTICS GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, HESS NORTH DAKOTA 
EXPORT LOGISTICS OPERATIONS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Logistics 
Opco), HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES OPERATIONS LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership (Gathering Opco), HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES GP LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (Gathering GP), HESS MIDSTREAM 
PARTNERS GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership and the general partner of 
the Partnership (the MLP GP LP), and HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of MLP GP LP (
MLP GP LLC and, together with the MLP GP LP, the General Partner).


Recitals

WHEREAS, the Parties (as defined herein) desire by their execution of this 
Agreement to evidence their understanding, as more fully set forth in 
Article III, with respect to certain indemnification obligations of the 
Parties to each other;

WHEREAS, the Parties desire by their execution of this Agreement to 
evidence their understanding, as more fully set forth in Article IV, with 
respect to the amount to be paid by the Partnership for the General and 
Administrative Services (as defined herein) to be performed by Hess for and 
on behalf of the Public Company Group (as defined herein);

WHEREAS, the Parties desire by their execution of this Agreement to 
evidence their understanding, as more fully set forth in Article V, with 
respect to the Public Company Groups right of first offer with respect to 
the ROFO Assets (as defined herein); and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire by their execution of this Agreement to 
evidence their understanding, as more fully set forth in Article VI, with 
respect to the granting of a license to the Public Company Group Members 
(as defined herein) to use the Hess name and any other trademarks owned 
by Hess that contain such name.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally 
bound, the Parties agree as follows:


ARTICLE I.    DEFINED TERMS

Section 1.01    Defined Terms. The following definitions shall for all 
purposes apply to the capitalized terms used in this Agreement:

Affiliate has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Partnership 
Agreement.

Agreement means this Omnibus Agreement, together with all Schedules 
attached hereto, as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof.

Applicable Law means any applicable statute, law, regulation, ordinance, 
rule, determination, judgment, rule of law, order, decree, permit, 
approval, concession, grant, franchise, license, requirement, or any 
similar form of decision of, or any provision or condition of any permit, 
license or other operating authorization issued by any Governmental 
Authority having or asserting jurisdiction over the matter or matters in 
question, whether now or hereafter in effect.

Assets means the Facilities, including all pipelines, compression 
equipment, storage tanks, terminal facilities, truck facilities, truck 
racks, rail facilities, rail racks, rail cars, offices and related 
equipment, real estate and other assets, or portions thereof, in each case, 
indirectly conveyed, contributed or otherwise transferred, or intended to 
be indirectly conveyed, contributed or otherwise transferred, to the 
Partnership or any other Public Company Group Member from HIP LP or any 
other Non-Public Company Group Member pursuant to the Contribution 
Agreement, together with the additional conveyance documents and 
instruments contemplated or referenced thereunder, or owned by, leased by 
or necessary for the operation of the business, properties or assets of any 
member of the Public Company Group prior to or as of the Effective Date.

Business Day means any Day except for Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday 
in Texas.

Contribution Agreement means that certain Contribution, Conveyance and 
Assumption Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and among HIP LP, 
HIP GP, the General Partner, the Partnership, HTGP Opco, Gathering Opco, 
Logistics Opco and the other parties thereto, together with the additional 
conveyance documents and instruments contemplated or referenced thereunder, 
as such may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.

Control and its derivatives mean, with respect to any Person, the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of (a) the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether by contract 
or otherwise, (b) without limiting any other subsection of this definition, 
if applicable to such Person (even if such Person is a corporation), where 
such Person is a corporation, the power to exercise or determine the voting 
of more than 50% of the voting rights in such corporation, (c) without 
limiting any other subsection of this definition, if applicable to such 
Person (even if such Person is a
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
limited partnership), where such Person is a limited partnership, ownership 
of all of the equity of the sole general partner of such limited 
partnership, or (d) without limiting any other subsection of this 
definition, if applicable to such Person, in the case of a Person that is 
any other type of entity, the right to exercise or determine the voting of 
more than 50% of the Equity Interests in such Person having voting rights, 
whether by contract or otherwise.

Covered Environmental Losses has the meaning ascribed to that term in 
Section 3.01(a).

Covered Property Losses has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 
3.02.

Day means the period of time commencing at 0000 hours on one calendar day 
and running until, but not including, 0000 hours on the next calendar day, 
according to local time in Houston, Texas.

Effective Date means the date of the closing of the initial public 
offering of common units representing limited partner interests in the 
Partnership.

Environmental Cap has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 
3.09(a).

Environmental Deductible has the meaning ascribed to that term in 
Section 3.09(a).

Environmental Laws means all federal, state, and local laws, statutes, 
rules, regulations, orders, judgments, ordinances, codes, injunctions, 
decrees, Environmental Permits and other legally enforceable requirements 
and rules of common law now or hereafter in effect, relating to (a) 
pollution or protection of human health, natural resources, wildlife and 
the environment including, without limitation, the federal Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, the Superfund 
Amendments Reauthorization Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 
the Clean Air Act, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Toxic 
Substances Control Act, the Oil Pollution Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, 
the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, and other environmental 
conservation and protection laws and the regulations promulgated pursuant 
thereto, and any state or local counterparts, each as amended from time to 
time, and (b) the generation, manufacture, processing, distribution, use, 
treatment, storage, transport, or handling of any Hazardous Substance.

Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, 
license, registration, certification, consent, exemption, variance or other 
authorization required under or issued pursuant to any applicable 
Environmental Law, including applications for renewal of such permits in 
which the application allows for continued operation under the terms of an 
expired permit.

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, (a) capital stock, 
membership interests, partnership interests, other equity interests, rights 
to profits or
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
revenue and any other similar interest in such Person, (b) any security or 
other interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any of 
the foregoing, whether at the time of issuance or upon the passage of time 
or the occurrence of some future event, and (c) any warrant, option or 
other right (contingent or otherwise) to acquire any of the foregoing.

Facilities means the Tioga Gas Plant, the Tioga Rail Terminal, the 
Ramberg Terminal Facility, the Gathering Assets and the Mentor Storage 
Terminal.

Gathering Assets means all Assets owned by Gathering Opco and its 
Subsidiaries.

Gathering Opco has the meaning ascribed to that term in the introductory 
paragraph.

General Partner has the meaning ascribed to that term in the introductory 
paragraph.

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, local or foreign 
government or any provincial, departmental or other political subdivision 
thereof, or any entity, body or authority exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory, administrative or other governmental 
functions or any court, department, commission, board, bureau, agency, 
instrumentality or administrative body of any of the foregoing.

Hazardous Substance means (a) any substance, whether solid, liquid, 
gaseous, semi-solid or any combination thereof, that is designated, defined 
or classified as a hazardous waste, solid waste, hazardous material, 
pollutant, contaminant or toxic or hazardous substance, or terms of similar 
meaning, or that is otherwise regulated under any Environmental Law, 
including, without limitation, any hazardous substance as defined under the 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, as 
amended, and including friable asbestos and lead containing paints or 
coatings, radioactive materials, and polychlorinated biphenyls, and (b) 
petroleum, oil, gasoline, natural gas, fuel oil, motor oil, waste oil, 
diesel fuel, jet fuel, and other refined petroleum hydrocarbons.

Hess has the meaning ascribed to that term in the introductory paragraph.

Hess Entities means Hess and any Person Controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by Hess, in each case, other than a Public Company Group Member 
or a Non-Public Company Group Member, collectively; and Hess Entity means 
any of the Hess Entities, individually.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HIP Change of Control means that the Hess Entities, collectively, cease 
to own at least 15% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in HIP 
GP.

HIP GP has the meaning ascribed to that term in the introductory 
paragraph.

HIP LP has the meaning ascribed to that term in the introductory 
paragraph.

HTGP Assets means all Assets owned by HTGP Opco and its Subsidiaries.

HTGP Opco has the meaning ascribed to that term in the introductory 
paragraph.

Indemnified Party means any applicable Public Company Group Member, any 
applicable Hess Entity or any applicable Non-Public Company Group Member, 
as the case may be, in such Persons capacity as the Person entitled to 
indemnification in accordance with Article III.

Indemnifying Party means any applicable Public Company Group Member, any 
applicable Hess Entity or any applicable Non-Public Company Group Member, 
as the case may be, in such Persons capacity as the Person from whom 
indemnification may be sought in accordance with Article III.

Interest Rate means the percentage rate per annum which shall be equal to 
the Prime rate as quoted by Bloomberg which appears on the screen display 
designated as PRIME Index (or such other screen display that may replace 
it in the future) at or after 5:00pm EST time on the relevant Business Day 
or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the previous Business Day, plus 
an additional two percentage points (or if such rate is contrary to any 
Applicable Law, the maximum rate permitted by such Applicable Law).

Joint Interest Assets means the HTGP Assets, the Gathering Assets and the 
Logistics Assets, collectively.

License has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 6.01.

Limited Partner has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Partnership 
Agreement.

Logistics Assets means all Assets owned by Logistics Opco and its 
Subsidiaries.

Logistics Opco has the meaning ascribed to that term in the introductory 
paragraph.

Losses means any losses, damages, liabilities, claims, demands, causes of 
action, judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, costs and expenses 
(including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys and 
experts fees) of any and every kind or character, known or unknown, fixed 
or contingent.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Marks has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 6.01.

MLP GP LLC has the meaning ascribed to that term in the introductory 
paragraph.

Month or Monthly means a calendar month commencing at 0000 hours on the 
first Day thereof and running until, but not including, 0000 hours on the 
first Day of the following calendar month, according to local time in 
Houston, Texas.

Name has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 6.01.

Non-Public Company Group means, at any date of determination, HIP LP, HIP 
GP and each of their respective Subsidiaries, collectively, but 
specifically excluding any Public Company Group Member.

Non-Public Company Group Member means any member of the Non-Public 
Company Group.

Notice has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 7.01.

Partnership has the meaning ascribed to that term in the introductory 
paragraph.

Partnership Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of 
Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated as of the Effective Date, as 
such agreement is in effect on the Effective Date, to which reference is 
hereby made for all purposes of this Agreement.

Partnership Interest has the meaning ascribed to that term in the 
Partnership Agreement.

Party means Hess, the Partnership, HIP LP, HIP GP, Hess TGP GP LLC, HTGP 
Opco, Hess North Dakota Export Logistics GP LLC, Logistics Opco, Hess North 
Dakota Pipelines GP LLC, Gathering Opco, the MLP GP LP or MLP GP LLC, 
individually; and Parties means Hess, the Partnership, HIP LP, HIP GP, 
Hess TGP GP LLC, HTGP Opco, Hess North Dakota Export Logistics GP LLC, 
Logistics Opco, Hess North Dakota Pipelines GP LLC, Gathering Opco, the MLP 
GP LP and MLP GP LLC, collectively.

Permit means any permits, licenses, certificates of authority, 
authorizations, registrations, identification numbers, certifications, 
franchises, consents or approvals granted or issued by any Governmental 
Authority.

Person means, without limitation, an individual, corporation (including a 
non-profit corporation), general or limited partnership, limited liability 
company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization, labor 
union, or other entity or Governmental Authority, and shall include any 
successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity.

Property Deductible has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 
3.09(b).
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proposed Transaction has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 
5.02(a).

Prudent Industry Practice means such practices, methods, acts, 
techniques, and standards as are in effect at the time in question that are 
required by and in accordance with Applicable Law and are consistent with 
the higher of (a) the standards generally followed by reputable owners and 
operators of crude oil, natural gas and NGL gathering systems and 
compression equipment, natural gas processing and fractionation facilities, 
natural gas storage and transloading facilities, crude oil and NGL 
terminals or crude oil rail cars, as applicable, in the United States, and 
(b) the standards applied or followed by Hess or its Affiliates as owners 
or operators of such assets, or by the Public Company Group or its 
Affiliates as owners or operators of such assets.

Public Company Group means, at any date of determination, (a) the 
Partnership, (b) the MLP GP LP, (c) MLP GP LLC, and (d) the respective 
Subsidiaries of the Partnership, the MLP GP LP and/or MLP GP LLC, all of 
the foregoing being treated as a single consolidated entity.

Public Company Group Member means any member of the Public Company Group.

Registration Statement means the Registration Statement on Form S-1 
filed by the Partnership with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (Registration No. 333-198896), as amended.

Retained Assets means all midstream assets, including pipelines, storage 
tanks, terminal facilities, truck facilities, truck racks, rail facilities, 
rail racks, rail cars, offices and related equipment, real estate and other 
related assets, or portions thereof or interests therein, owned by any 
Non-Public Company Group Member that were not directly or indirectly 
conveyed, contributed or otherwise transferred to the Public Company Group 
pursuant to the Contribution Agreement or the other documents referred to 
in the Contribution Agreement.

Rights of Way means all permits, licenses, servitudes, easements, fee 
surface, surface leases and rights-of-way primarily used or held for use in 
connection with the ownership or operation of the Assets, other than 
Permits.

ROFO Assets means the assets listed on Schedule III to this Agreement.

ROFO Notice has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 5.02(a).

ROFO Period has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 5.01(a).

ROFO Response has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 5.02(a).

Secondment Agreement means that certain Employee Secondment Agreement, 
dated as of the Effective Date, by and among Hess, Hess Trading 
Corporation, the MLP GP LP and MLP GP LLC, as the same may be amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Services has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 4.01.

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any other Person in which 
such first Person, directly or indirectly, owns an Equity Interest.

Tariff Agreements means, as the context requires, any of the following 
(in each case, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from 
time to time): (a) that certain Amended and Restated Gas Gathering 
Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2014, by and between Hess North 
Dakota Pipelines LLC and Hess Trading Corporation; (b) that certain Amended 
and Restated Gas Processing and Fractionation Agreement, effective as of 
January 1, 2014, by and between Hess Tioga Gas Plant LLC and Hess Trading 
Corporation; (c) that certain Amended and Restated Crude Oil Gathering 
Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2014, by and between Hess North 
Dakota Pipelines LLC and Hess Trading Corporation; (d) that certain Second 
Amended and Restated Terminal and Export Services Agreement, effective as 
of January 1, 2014, by and between Hess North Dakota Export Logistics LLC 
and Hess Trading Corporation; and (e) that certain Storage Services 
Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2014, by and between Solar Gas Inc. 
and Hess Mentor Storage LLC.

Taxes means any income, sales, use, excise, transfer, and similar taxes, 
fees and charges (including ad valorem taxes), including any interest or 
penalties attributable thereto, imposed by any Governmental Authority.

Transfer means to, directly or indirectly, sell, assign, lease, convey, 
contribute, transfer or otherwise dispose of, whether in one or a series of 
transactions.

Section 1.02    Other Defined Terms.    Other terms may be defined 
elsewhere in this Agreement, and, unless otherwise indicated, shall have 
such meanings ascribed to such terms elsewhere in this Agreement.

Section 1.03    Terms Generally.    The definitions in this Agreement shall 
apply equally to both singular and plural forms of the terms defined. 
Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the 
corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The word include, 
includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase 
without limitation. The word hereunder, hereof, hereto and words of 
similar import will be deemed references to this Agreement as a whole and 
not to any particular Section or other provision hereof or thereof. All 
references to Articles, Sections, subsections and other divisions and 
Schedules shall be deemed to be references to Articles, Sections, 
subsections and other divisions of, and Schedules to, this Agreement unless 
the context requires otherwise.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE II.    TERM

Section 2.01    Term and Termination. This Agreement shall commence on the 
Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the 
date this Agreement is terminated by a written agreement executed by each 
of the Parties, and (b) upon the delivery of written notice from either 
Hess, HIP LP or the Partnership at any time following the occurrence of a 
HIP Change of Control. Any termination pursuant to this Section 2.01 shall 
be effective on the earlier of (i) 90 days following the applicable (A) 
agreement of the Parties pursuant to Section 2.01(a), or (B) Partys 
receipt of such written Notice pursuant to Section 2.01(b), as applicable, 
and (ii) the Parties entering into a transition services agreement pursuant 
to Section 2.02. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties 
indemnification obligations under Article III shall, to the fullest extent 
permitted by Applicable Law, survive the termination of this Agreement in 
accordance with their respective terms.

Section 2.02    Transition Services Upon Termination. Should a notice of 
termination of this Agreement be delivered pursuant to Section 2.01, then 
the Parties shall, during the pendency of such termination, use their 
commercially reasonable efforts to agree upon a transition services 
agreement.


ARTICLE III.    INDEMNITY

Section 3.01    Environmental Indemnification.
 
(a) 	Subject to Section 3.01(b) and Section 3.09(a), HIP LP shall 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Public Company Group from and 
against any Losses suffered or incurred by the Public Company Group, 
directly or indirectly, or as a result of any claim by a third party, by 
reason of or arising out of the following (collectively, Covered 
Environmental Losses):
 
  	(i) 	any violation or correction of a violation of Environmental Laws 
associated with or arising from the ownership or operation of the Assets;
 
  	(ii) 	any event, condition or matter associated with or arising from the 
ownership or operation of the Assets (including the presence of Hazardous 
Substances on, under, about or migrating to or from the Assets or the 
disposal or release of Hazardous Substances generated by operation of the 
Assets at non-Asset locations) that requires investigation, assessment, 
evaluation, monitoring, containment, cleanup, repair, restoration, 
remediation, or other corrective action under Environmental Laws, including 
(A) the cost and expense of any such activity, (B) the cost or expense of 
the preparation and implementation of any closure, remedial, corrective 
action, or other plans required or necessary under Environmental Laws, and 
(C) the cost and expense of any environmental or toxic tort pre-trial, 
trial or appellate legal or litigation support work;
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(iii) 	any environmental event, condition or matter associated with or 
arising from the Retained Assets, whether occurring before, on or after the 
Effective Date.
 
(b) 	With respect to any discrete violation under Section 3.01(a)(i) or any 
discrete environmental event, condition or matter included under Section 
3.01(a)(ii), HIP LP will be obligated to indemnify the Public Company Group 
only if and to the extent that:
 
  	(i) 	such violation, event, condition or environmental matter occurred 
before the Effective Date under then-applicable Environmental Laws; and
 
  	(ii) 	either (A) such violation, event, condition or environmental 
matter is set forth on Schedule I attached hereto or (B) HIP LP is notified 
in writing of such violation, event, condition or environmental matter 
prior to the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 3.01(b) shall apply to 
HIP LPs indemnification obligations under Section 3.01(a)(iii).
 
(c) 	The Partnership shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each of the 
Hess Entities and the Non-Public Company Group Members from and against any 
Losses suffered or incurred by the Hess Entities or the Non-Public Company 
Group Members, directly or indirectly, or as a result of any claim by a 
third party, by reason of or arising out of:
 
  	(i) 	any violation or correction of a violation of Environmental Laws 
associated with or arising from the ownership or operation of the Assets 
(other than the Joint Interest Assets); and
 
  	(ii) 	any event, condition or matter associated with or arising from the 
ownership or operation of the Assets (other than the Joint Interest Assets) 
(including the presence of Hazardous Substances on, under, about or 
migrating to or from the Assets or the disposal or release of Hazardous 
Substances generated by operation of the Assets at non-Asset locations) 
that requires investigation, assessment, evaluation, monitoring, 
containment, cleanup, repair, restoration, remediation, or other corrective 
action under Environmental Laws, including (A) the cost and expense of any 
such activity, (B) the cost and expense of the preparation and 
implementation of any closure, remedial, corrective action, or other plans 
required or necessary under Environmental Laws, and (C) the cost and 
expense of any environmental or toxic tort pre-trial, trial or appellate 
legal or litigation support work;

and regardless of whether such violation under Section 3.01(c)(i) or such 
event, condition or environmental matter included under Section 3.01(c)(ii) 
occurred
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
before or after the Effective Date, in each case, to the extent that any of 
the foregoing do not constitute Covered Environmental Losses for which the 
Public Company Group is entitled to indemnification from HIP LP under this 
Article III.
 
(d) 	HTGP Opco shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each of the Hess 
Entities and the Non-Public Company Group Members from and against any 
Losses suffered or incurred by the Hess Entities or the Non-Public Company 
Group Members, directly or indirectly, or as a result of any claim by a 
third party, by reason of or arising out of:
 
  	(i) 	any violation or correction of a violation of Environmental Laws 
associated with or arising from the ownership or operation of the HTGP 
Assets; and
 
  	(ii) 	any event, condition or matter associated with or arising from the 
ownership or operation of the HTGP Assets (including the presence of 
Hazardous Substances on, under, about or migrating to or from the HTGP 
Assets or the disposal or release of Hazardous Substances generated by 
operation of the HTGP Assets at non-HTGP Asset locations) that requires 
investigation, assessment, evaluation, monitoring, containment, cleanup, 
repair, restoration, remediation, or other corrective action under 
Environmental Laws, including (A) the cost and expense of any such 
activity, (B) the cost and expense of the preparation and implementation of 
any closure, remedial, corrective action, or other plans required or 
necessary under Environmental Laws, and (C) the cost and expense of any 
environmental or toxic tort pre-trial, trial or appellate legal or 
litigation support work;

and regardless of whether such violation under Section 3.01(d)(i) or such 
event, condition or environmental matter included under Section 3.01(d)(ii) 
occurred before or after the Effective Date, in each case, to the extent 
that any of the foregoing do not constitute Covered Environmental Losses 
for which the Public Company Group is entitled to indemnification from HIP 
LP under this Article III.
 
(e) 	Logistics Opco shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each of the 
Hess Entities and the Non-Public Company Group Members from and against any 
Losses suffered or incurred by the Hess Entities or the Non-Public Company 
Group Members, directly or indirectly, or as a result of any claim by a 
third party, by reason of or arising out of:
 
  	(i) 	any violation or correction of a violation of Environmental Laws 
associated with or arising from the ownership or operation of the Logistics 
Assets; and
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(ii) 	any event, condition or matter associated with or arising from the 
ownership or operation of the Logistics Assets (including the presence of 
Hazardous Substances on, under, about or migrating to or from the Logistics 
Assets or the disposal or release of Hazardous Substances generated by 
operation of the Logistics Assets at non-Logistics Assets locations) that 
requires investigation, assessment, evaluation, monitoring, containment, 
cleanup, repair, restoration, remediation, or other corrective action under 
Environmental Laws, including (A) the cost and expense of any such 
activity, (B) the cost and expense of the preparation and implementation of 
any closure, remedial, corrective action, or other plans required or 
necessary under Environmental Laws, and (C) the cost and expense of any 
environmental or toxic tort pre-trial, trial or appellate legal or 
litigation support work;

and regardless of whether such violation under Section 3.01(e)(i) or such 
event, condition or environmental matter included under Section 3.01(e)(ii) 
occurred before or after the Effective Date, in each case, to the extent 
that any of the foregoing do not constitute Covered Environmental Losses 
for which the Public Company Group is entitled to indemnification from HIP 
LP under this Article III.
 
(f) 	Gathering Opco shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each of the 
Hess Entities and the Non-Public Company Group Members from and against any 
Losses suffered or incurred by the Hess Entities or the Non-Public Company 
Group Members, directly or indirectly, or as a result of any claim by a 
third party, by reason of or arising out of:
 
  	(i) 	any violation or correction of a violation of Environmental Laws 
associated with or arising from the ownership or operation of the Gathering 
Assets; and
 
  	(ii) 	any event, condition or matter associated with or arising from the 
ownership or operation of the Gathering Assets (including the presence of 
Hazardous Substances on, under, about or migrating to or from the Gathering 
Assets or the disposal or release of Hazardous Substances generated by 
operation of the Gathering Assets at non-Gathering Assets locations) that 
requires investigation, assessment, evaluation, monitoring, containment, 
cleanup, repair, restoration, remediation, or other corrective action under 
Environmental Laws, including (A) the cost and expense of any such 
activity, (B) the cost and expense of the preparation and implementation of 
any closure, remedial, corrective action, or other plans required or 
necessary under Environmental Laws, and (C) the cost and expense of any 
environmental or toxic tort pre-trial, trial or appellate legal or 
litigation support work;
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and regardless of whether such violation under Section 3.01(f)(i) or such 
event, condition or environmental matter included under Section 3.01(f)(ii) 
occurred before or after the Effective Date, in each case, to the extent 
that any of the foregoing do not constitute Covered Environmental Losses 
for which the Public Company Group is entitled to indemnification from HIP 
LP under this Article III.

Section 3.02    Right of Way and Real Property Indemnification. HIP LP 
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Public Company Group from and 
against any Losses suffered or incurred by the Public Company Group by 
reason of or arising out of the following (collectively, Covered Property 
Losses):
 
(a) 	the failure of the applicable Non-Public Company Group Member to be 
the owner of valid and indefeasible Rights-of-Way, fee ownership or 
leasehold interests in and to the lands, in each case, on which any of the 
Assets conveyed or contributed to the applicable Public Company Group 
Member on the Effective Date are located as of the Effective Date, in each 
case, to the extent and only to the extent that such failure renders the 
Public Company Group liable to a third party or unable to use or operate 
the Assets in substantially the same manner that the Assets were used and 
operated by the applicable Non-Public Company Group Member immediately 
prior to the Effective Date as described in the Registration Statement;
 
(b) 	the failure of the applicable Non-Public Company Group Member to have 
all consents, licenses and permits necessary to allow any such pipeline 
referred to in clause (a) of this Section 3.02 to cross the roads, 
waterways, railroads and other areas upon which any such pipeline is 
located as of the Effective Date, in each case, to the extent and only to 
the extent that such failure renders the Public Company Group liable to a 
third party or unable to use or operate the Assets in substantially the 
same manner that the Assets were used and operated by the applicable 
Non-Public Company Group Member immediately prior to the Effective Date as 
described in the Registration Statement; and
 
(c) 	the cost of curing any condition set forth in clause (a) or (b) of 
this Section 3.02 that does not allow any Asset to be operated in 
accordance with Prudent Industry Practice;

in each case, to the extent that Hess is notified in writing of any of the 
foregoing prior to the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 3.02 to the contrary, to the 
extent that such Right of Way, fee ownership or leasehold interest can be 
acquired and the cost and expense of such acquisition is recovered by an 
increase to the fees payable to the Public Company Group under the Tariff 
Agreements, no indemnity shall be owed under this Section 3.02.

Section 3.03    Additional Indemnification by HIP LP. In addition to and 
not in limitation of the indemnification provided under Section 3.01(a) 
and Section 3.02, HIP LP shall
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Public Company Group from and 
against any Losses suffered or incurred by the Public Company Group by 
reason of or arising out of any of the following:
 
(a) 	(i) the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the 
Contribution Agreement or (ii) events and conditions associated with the 
ownership or operation of the Assets and occurring before the Effective 
Date (other than Covered Environmental Losses, which are provided for under 
Section 3.01, Covered Property Losses, which are provided for under 
Section 3.02, and current liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of 
business that have been accrued but not paid prior to the Effective Date), 
to the extent that HIP LP is notified in writing of any such Loss prior to 
the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date;
 
(b) 	any litigation matters attributable to the ownership or operation of 
the Assets prior to the Effective Date, including any currently pending 
legal actions against any of the Hess Entities or any Non-Public Company 
Group Member;
 
(c) 	events and conditions associated with the Retained Assets and whether 
occurring before, on or after the Effective Date;
 
(d) 	events and conditions associated with any rail cars included in the 
definition of Additional Rolling Stock in the Contribution Agreement, 
whether occurring before, on or after the Effective Date, unless such rail 
cars are contributed to Logistics Opco in accordance with Section 5.3 of 
the Contribution Agreement;
 
(e) 	all federal, state and local Tax liabilities attributable to the 
ownership or operation of the Assets prior to the Effective Date, including 
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of 
state or local law), and any such Tax liabilities of any of the Hess 
Entities or Non-Public Company Group Members that may result from the 
consummation of the formation transactions for the Public Company Group 
occurring on or prior to the Effective Date or from the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement; and
 
(f) 	the failure of any Public Company Group Member to have on the 
Effective Date any consent, license, permit or approval necessary to allow 
such Public Company Group Member to own or operate the Assets in 
substantially the same manner described in the Registration Statement.

Section 3.04    Additional Indemnification by the Public Company Group.    
In addition to and not in limitation of the indemnification provided under 
Section 3.01(c) or in the Partnership Agreement, the Public Company Group 
shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Hess Entities and the 
Non-Public Company Group Members from and against any Losses suffered or 
incurred by the Hess Entities, the Non-Public Company Group Members or any 
of them, by reason of or arising out of events and conditions associated 
with the ownership or operation of the Assets (other than the Joint 
Interest
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assets) and occurring after the Effective Date (other than Covered 
Environmental Losses which are provided for under Section 3.01), unless 
such indemnification would not be permitted under the Partnership Agreement 
by reason of one of the provisos contained in Section 7.7(a) of the 
Partnership Agreement.

Section 3.05    Additional Indemnification by HTGP Opco.    In addition to 
and not in limitation of the indemnification provided under Section 3.01(d) 
or in the Partnership Agreement, HTGP Opco shall indemnify, defend, and 
hold harmless the Hess Entities and the Non-Public Company Group Members 
from and against any Losses suffered or incurred by the Hess Entities, the 
Non-Public Company Group Members or any of them, by reason of or arising 
out of events and conditions associated with the ownership or operation of 
the HTGP Assets and occurring after the Effective Date (other than Covered 
Environmental Losses which are provided for under Section 3.01), unless 
such indemnification would not be permitted under the Partnership Agreement 
by reason of one of the provisos contained in Section 7.7(a) of the 
Partnership Agreement.

Section 3.06    Additional Indemnification by Logistics Opco.    In 
addition to and not in limitation of the indemnification provided under 
Section 3.01(e) or in the Partnership Agreement, Logistics Opco shall 
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Hess Entities and the Non-Public 
Company Group Members from and against any Losses suffered or incurred by 
the Hess Entities, the Non-Public Company Group Members or any of them, by 
reason of or arising out of events and conditions associated with the 
ownership or operation of the Logistics Assets and occurring after the 
Effective Date (other than Covered Environmental Losses which are provided 
for under Section 3.01), unless such indemnification would not be permitted 
under the Partnership Agreement by reason of one of the provisos contained 
in Section 7.7(a) of the Partnership Agreement.

Section 3.07    Additional Indemnification by Gathering Opco.    In 
addition to and not in limitation of the indemnification provided under 
Section 3.01(f) or in the Partnership Agreement, Gathering Opco shall 
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Hess Entities and the Non-Public 
Company Group Members from and against any Losses suffered or incurred by 
the Hess Entities, the Non-Public Company Group Members or any of them, by 
reason of or arising out of events and conditions associated with the 
ownership or operation of the Gathering Assets and occurring after the 
Effective Date (other than Covered Environmental Losses which are provided 
for under Section 3.01), unless such indemnification would not be permitted 
under the Partnership Agreement by reason of one of the provisos contained 
in Section 7.7(a) of the Partnership Agreement.


Section 3.08    Indemnification Procedures.
 
(a) 	The Indemnified Party agrees that within a reasonable period of time 
after it becomes aware of facts giving rise to a claim for indemnification 
under this Article III, it will provide notice thereof in writing to the 
Indemnifying Party, specifying the nature of and specific basis for such 
claim.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) 	The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to control all aspects of 
the defense of (and any counterclaims with respect to) any claims brought 
against the Indemnified Party that are covered by the indemnification under 
this Article III, including the selection of counsel, determination of 
whether to appeal any decision of any court and the settling of any such 
claim or any matter or any issues relating thereto; provided that no such 
settlement shall be entered into without the consent of the Indemnified 
Party unless it includes a full and unconditional release of the 
Indemnified Party from such claim; provided, however, that no such 
settlement containing any form of injunctive or similar relief shall be 
entered into without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, 
which consent shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld.
 
(c) 	The Indemnified Party agrees to cooperate in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner with the Indemnifying Party with respect to 
all aspects of the defense of, and the pursuit of any counterclaims with 
respect to, any claims covered by the indemnification under this Article 
III for which a request for indemnification is made, including the prompt 
furnishing to the Indemnifying Party of any correspondence or other notice 
relating thereto that the Indemnified Party may receive, permitting the 
name of the Indemnified Party to be utilized in connection with such 
defense or counterclaims, the making available to the Indemnifying Party of 
any files, records or other information of the Indemnified Party that the 
Indemnifying Party considers relevant to such defense or counterclaims, the 
making available to the Indemnifying Party of any employees of the 
Indemnified Party and the granting to the Indemnifying Party of reasonable 
access rights to the properties and facilities of the Indemnified Party; 
provided that in connection therewith the Indemnifying Party agrees to use 
reasonable efforts to minimize the impact thereof on the operations of the 
Indemnified Party and further agrees to maintain the confidentiality of all 
files, records, and other information furnished by the Indemnified Party 
pursuant to this Section 3.08(c). In no event shall the obligation of the 
Indemnified Party to cooperate with the Indemnifying Party as set forth in 
the immediately preceding sentence be construed as imposing upon the 
Indemnified Party an obligation to hire and pay for counsel in connection 
with the defense of, or the pursuit of any counterclaims with respect to, 
any claims covered by the indemnification set forth in this Article III; 
provided, however, that the Indemnified Party may, at its own option, cost 
and expense, engage and pay for counsel in connection with any such defense 
and counterclaims. The Indemnifying Party agrees to keep any such counsel 
engaged by the Indemnified Party informed as to the status of any such 
defense, but the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to retain sole 
control over such defense and counterclaims.
 
(d) 	
In determining the amount of any loss, cost, damage or expense for which 
the Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, 
the gross amount of the indemnification will be reduced by (i) any 
insurance proceeds realized by the Indemnified Party, and such correlative 
insurance benefit shall be
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 net of any incremental insurance premium that becomes due and payable 
by the Indemnified Party as a result of such claim and (ii) all amounts 
recovered by the Indemnified Party under contractual indemnities from third 
Persons.
 
(e) 	With respect to Covered Environmental Losses, HIP LP shall have the 
sole right and authority to manage any remediation required by Applicable 
Law, and, upon reasonable request from HIP LP, the Partnership will, and 
will cause each other Public Company Group Member to, cooperate with HIP LP 
and its contractors or subcontractors to facilitate such remediation.


Section 3.09    Limitations on Indemnity Coverage.
 
(a) 	With respect to Covered Environmental Losses under Section 3.01(a)(i) 
or Section 3.01(a)(ii), HIP LP shall not be obligated to indemnify, defend 
and hold harmless any Public Company Group Member unless the applicable 
Covered Environmental Loss exceeds $100,000 (the Environmental Deductible
), at which time HIP LP shall be obligated to indemnify such Public 
Company Group Member for the amount of all Environmental Losses incurred by 
such Public Company Group Member; provided, however, that to the extent any 
cure or remediation of any environmental matter is required under Section 
3.01(a)(i) or Section 3.01(a)(ii), HIP LP will be obligated to indemnify 
the Public Company Group only to the extent of any cure or remediation that 
is required by Applicable Law (after giving effect to the Environmental 
Deductible); provided further, that in no event shall HIP LP be obligated 
to indemnify the Public Company Group for any Covered Environmental Losses 
under Section 3.01(a)(i) or Section 3.01(a)(ii) in excess of $15,000,000 in 
the aggregate (the Environmental Cap). For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
agreed that the Environmental Deductible shall not apply to any Covered 
Environmental Losses incurred by any Public Company Group Member related to 
the matters set forth on Schedule I attached hereto.
 
(b) 	With respect to Covered Property Losses under Section 3.02, HIP LP 
shall not be obligated to indemnify, defend and hold harmless any Public 
Company Group Member unless the applicable Covered Property Loss exceeds 
$50,000 (the Property Deductible), at which time HIP LP shall be 
obligated to indemnify such Public Company Group Member for the amount of 
all Covered Property Losses incurred by such Public Company Group Member; 
provided, however, that to the extent the Public Company Group attempts to 
cure any matter for which it is entitled to indemnification under Section 
3.02, HIP LP will be obligated to indemnify the Public Company Group only 
to the extent of any reasonably required cure (after giving effect to the 
Property Deductible).
 
(c) 	For the avoidance of doubt, there is no deductible with respect to the 
indemnification owed by any Indemnifying Party under any portion of this 
Article III other than as described in this Section 3.09, and there is no 
monetary cap on the amount of indemnity coverage provided by any 
Indemnifying Party under this Article III other than as described in this 
Section 3.09.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IV. SERVICES

Section 4.01    General. Hess agrees to provide to MLP GP LLC, for the 
Public Company Groups benefit, the general and administrative services 
that Hess and its Affiliates have traditionally provided in connection with 
the ownership and operation of the Assets and any other assets held from 
and after the Effective Date by any Public Company Group Member, which 
include the services set forth on Schedule II (the Services). Hess may 
subcontract with Affiliates or third parties for the provision of such 
Services to MLP GP LLC (for and on behalf of the Public Company Group). MLP 
GP LLC may terminate any specific General and Administrative Service upon 
30 days prior written Notice to Hess.


Section 4.02 Reimbursement and Allocation.
 
(a) 	As consideration for Hesss provision of the Services, MLP GP LLC 
will, or will cause another Public Company Group Member to, reimburse Hess 
for all reasonable direct and indirect costs and expenses incurred by Hess 
in connection with the provision of the Services, including the following:
 
  	(i) 	total costs, plus the relevant percentage mark-up set forth in 
Schedule IV, of each employee of, and each contractor, subcontractor, or 
other outside personnel engaged by, Hess to the extent, but only to the 
extent, such employees and outside personnel perform Services for the 
Public Company Groups benefit;
 
  	(ii) 	any expenses incurred or payments made by Hess on behalf of the 
Public Company Group for insurance coverage with respect to the Assets or 
the business of the Public Company Group;
 
  	(iii) 	all expenses and expenditures incurred by Hess on behalf of the 
Public Company Group as a result of the Partnership becoming and continuing 
as a publicly traded entity, including costs associated with annual, 
quarterly or current reports, independent auditor fees, partnership 
governance and compliance, registrar and transfer agent fees, exchange 
listing fees, tax return and Schedule K-1 preparation and distribution, 
legal fees, independent director compensation and director and officer 
liability insurance premiums; and
 
  	(iv) 	any other out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Hess in 
providing the Services, as well as any other out-of-pocket costs and 
expenses incurred on behalf of the Public Company Group. For the avoidance 
of doubt, MLP GP LLC shall, or shall cause another Public Company Group 
Member to, reimburse Hess for all tax costs and expenses incurred or 
payments made by Hess on behalf of the Public Company Group, including all 
sales, use, excise, value added, margin, franchise or similar taxes, if 
any, that may be applicable from time to time with respect to the ownership 
and operation of the Assets or with respect to the Services provided by 
Hess to the Public Company Group pursuant to Section 4.01.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
To the extent any of the costs and expenses identified in this Section 4.02 
are reimbursed on an allocation basis, such allocation shall be determined 
by Hesss then-current corporate transfer pricing practices, as generally 
applied in a non-discriminatory manner.
 
(b) 	Within 20 days following the end of each month during the term of this 
Agreement, Hess shall send to MLP GP LLC an invoice (in a form mutually 
agreed by the Parties) of the amounts due and payable by MLP GP LLC (for 
and on behalf of the Public Company Group) for such month, including any 
adjustments due pursuant to the terms of this Section 4.02(b) by MLP GP LLC 
(for and on behalf of the Public Company Group). MLP GP LLC shall, or shall 
cause another Public Company Group Member to, pay such invoice by the later 
of (i) 30 days of receipt and (ii) the last Business Day of the month in 
which MLP GP LLC received such invoice, except for any amounts that are 
being disputed in good faith by MLP GP LLC. If Hess determines that the 
amount reflected on any invoice previously sent to, and paid by, MLP GP LLC 
(or another Public Company Group Member, as applicable) did not accurately 
state the amounts owed by MLP GP LLC (for and on behalf of the Public 
Company Group) under this Article IV, Hess shall include appropriate 
adjustments on the next invoice; provided, however, that such adjustments 
shall be included only to the extent they relate to a month in the same 
calendar quarter as such invoice relates; provided further that Hess and 
MLP GP LLC shall negotiate, in good faith, the timing of payment of any 
such adjustments. Any such adjustments shall be separately stated on each 
invoice and computed in such detail as is mutually agreed by Hess and MLP 
GP LLC. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustments that do not relate to a 
month in the same calendar quarter as such invoice relates shall not be due 
and payable by MLP GP LLC or any other Public Company Group Member. Any 
amounts that MLP GP LLC has disputed in good faith and that are later 
determined by any court or other competent authority having jurisdiction, 
or by agreement of the Parties, to be owing from MLP GP LLC (for and on 
behalf of the Public Company Group) to Hess shall be paid in full within 
ten days of such determination, together with interest thereon at the 
Interest Rate from the date due under the original invoice until the date 
of payment. Until such time as a HIP Change of Control has occurred, MLP GP 
LLC and Hess may settle MLP GP LLCs financial obligations to Hess 
hereunder through Hesss normal interaffiliate settlement processes.
 
(c) 	For the avoidance of doubt, the Services provided by Hess pursuant to 
this Article IV will be in addition to, and not in duplication of, the 
functions performed by the employees seconded to the Public Company Group 
under the Secondment Agreement, and Hess shall not be entitled to 
reimbursement under this Agreement for any costs or expenses for which Hess 
is entitled to payment or reimbursements or which are intended to be 
covered by the Secondment Fee, under the Secondment Agreement.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.03    Services Standard. Hess shall perform the Services using at 
least the same level of care, quality, timeliness, skill and adherence to 
applicable industry standards as Hess does in providing similar services to 
its own Affiliates.


ARTICLE V. RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER

Section 5.01    Right of First Offer to Purchase Certain Assets.
 
(a) 	HIP LP, on behalf of itself and the other Non-Public Company Group 
Members, hereby grants to the Partnership a right of first offer, for a 
period (the ROFO Period) beginning at the Effective Date and ending at 
the earlier of (i) ten years from the Effective Date, and (ii) the 
occurrence of a HIP Change of Control, on all or any part of the ROFO 
Assets to the extent that any Non-Public Company Group Member proposes to 
Transfer all or any part of any ROFO Asset; provided, however, that any 
Non-Public Company Group Member may Transfer all or any part of any ROFO 
Asset to another Non-Public Company Group Member that agrees in writing 
that such ROFO Asset remains subject to the provisions of this Article V 
and such Non-Public Company Group Member assumes the obligations of HIP LP 
under this Article V with respect to such ROFO Asset.
 
(b) 	The Parties acknowledge that any Transfer of all or any part of any 
ROFO Asset pursuant to the Partnerships right of first offer is subject to 
the terms of all existing agreements with respect to the ROFO Assets and 
shall be subject to and conditioned on the obtaining of any and all 
necessary consents of security holders, Governmental Authorities, lenders 
or other third parties; provided, however, that HIP LP hereby represents 
and warrants that, to its knowledge after reasonable investigation, there 
are no terms in such agreements that would materially impair the rights 
granted to the Public Company Group pursuant to this Article V with respect 
to any ROFO Asset.


Section 5.02    Procedures.
 
(a) 	
If any Non-Public Company Group Member proposes to Transfer all or any part 
of any applicable ROFO Asset (other than to another Non-Public Company 
Group Member in accordance with Section 5.01(a)) during the ROFO Period (a 
Proposed Transaction), then HIP LP shall, prior to such Non-Public 
Company Group Member entering into any such Proposed Transaction, first 
give notice in writing to the Partnership (the ROFO Notice) of the 
intention to enter into such Proposed Transaction. The ROFO Notice shall 
include any material terms, conditions and details as would be necessary 
for the Partnership to make a responsive offer to enter into the Proposed 
Transaction with the applicable Non-Public Company Group Member, which 
terms, conditions and details shall at a minimum include any terms, 
condition or details that such Non-Public Company
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Group Member would propose to provide to Persons who are not 
Non-Public Company Group Members in connection with the Proposed 
Transaction. If the Partnership determines to purchase the ROFO Assets, the 
Partnership shall have 60 days following receipt of the ROFO Notice to 
submit a written offer to HIP LP to enter into the Proposed Transaction 
with such Non-Public Company Group Member (the ROFO Response). The ROFO 
Response shall set forth the terms and conditions (including the purchase 
price the Partnership proposes to pay for the ROFO Asset and the other 
terms of the purchase) pursuant to which the Partnership would be willing 
to enter into a binding agreement for the Proposed Transaction. If no ROFO 
Response is delivered by the Partnership within such 60-day period, then 
the Partnership shall be deemed to have waived its right of first offer 
with respect to such ROFO Asset, subject to Section 5.02(c).
 
(b) 	Unless the ROFO Response is rejected pursuant to written notice 
delivered by HIP LP to the Partnership within 60 days of the delivery to 
HIP LP of the ROFO Response, such ROFO Response shall be deemed to have 
been accepted by HIP LP, and such Non-Public Company Group Member shall 
enter into an agreement with the Partnership providing for the consummation 
of the Proposed Transaction upon the terms set forth in the ROFO Response. 
Unless otherwise agreed between HIP LP, the applicable Non-Public Company 
Group Member and the Partnership, the terms of the purchase and sale 
agreement shall include the following:
 
  	(i) 	the Partnership shall deliver the agreed purchase price (in cash, 
Partnership Securities, an interest-bearing promissory note, or any 
combination thereof);
 
  	(ii) 	such Non-Public Company Group Member shall represent that it has 
title to the applicable ROFO Asset that is sufficient to own and operate 
the applicable ROFO Asset in accordance with its intended and historical 
use, subject to all recorded matters and all physical conditions in 
existence on the closing date for the purchase of the applicable ROFO 
Asset, plus any other such matters as the Partnership may approve;
 
  	(iii) 	the closing date for the purchase of the ROFO Asset shall occur 
no later than 180 days following receipt by HIP LP, on behalf of the 
applicable Non-Public Company Group Member, as applicable, of the ROFO 
Response pursuant to Section 5.02(a);
 
  	(iv) 	each of HIP LP, such other Non-Public Company Group Member and the 
Partnership shall use commercially reasonable efforts to do or cause to be 
done all things that may be reasonably necessary or advisable to effectuate 
the consummation of any transactions contemplated by this Section 5.02(b), 
including causing its respective Affiliates to execute, deliver and perform 
all documents, notices, amendments, certificates, instruments and consents 
required in connection therewith; and
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(v) 	neither HIP LP, such other Non-Public Company Group Member nor the 
Partnership shall have any obligation to sell or buy the applicable ROFO 
Asset if any consent referred to in Section 5.01(b) has not been obtained.
 
(c) 	If the Partnership does not timely deliver a ROFO Response as 
specified above with respect to a Proposed Transaction that is subject to a 
ROFO Notice, HIP LP or such other Non-Public Company Group Member, as 
applicable, shall be free to enter into a Proposed Transaction with any 
third party on terms and conditions no more favorable to such third party 
than those set forth in the ROFO Notice. If HIP LP rejects a ROFO Response 
with respect to any Proposed Transaction, HIP LP or such other Non-Public 
Company Group Member, as applicable, shall be free to enter into a Proposed 
Transaction with any third party (i) on terms and conditions (excluding 
those relating to price) that are not more favorable in the aggregate to 
such third party than those proposed in respect of the Public Company Group 
in the ROFO Response and (ii) at a price equal to no less than 100% of the 
price offered by the Partnership in the ROFO Response to HIP LP.
 
(d) 	HIP LP agrees that, if requested by the Partnership, HIP LP shall use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to provide information reasonably 
requested by the Partnership in order for the Partnership to prepare such 
financial statements with respect to any ROFO Assets transferred to the 
Partnership pursuant to this Article V that meet the requirements of 
Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
promulgated thereunder.
 
(e) 	The Partnership can assign its rights and obligations under this 
Article V to any Public Company Group Member.


ARTICLE VI.    LICENSE OF NAME AND MARK

Section 6.01    Grant of License.    Upon the terms and conditions set 
forth in this Article VI, Hess hereby grants and conveys to each of the 
Persons currently or hereafter comprising a part of the Public Company 
Group a nontransferable, nonexclusive, royalty-free right and license (
License) to use the name Hess (the Name) and any other trademarks or 
tradenames owned by Hess that contain the Name (collectively, the Marks
).

Section 6.02    Ownership and Quality.    The Partnership agrees that 
ownership of the Name and/or the Marks and, in each case, the goodwill 
relating thereto shall remain vested in Hess both during the term of this 
License and thereafter, and the Partnership further agrees, and agrees to 
cause the other Public Company Group Members, never to challenge, contest 
or question the validity of Hesss ownership of the Name and/or the Marks 
or any registration thereof by Hess. In connection with the use of the Name 
and/or the Marks, the Partnership and any other Public Company Group 
Members shall not in any manner represent that they have any ownership in 
the Name and the Marks or registration thereof except as set forth herein, 
and the Partnership, on behalf of itself and
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the other Public Company Group Members, acknowledge that the use of the 
Name and/or the Marks shall not create any right, title or interest in or 
to the Name and/or the Marks, and all use of the Name and/or the Marks by 
the Partnership or any other Public Company Group Members, shall inure to 
the benefit of Hess. The Partnership agrees, and agrees to cause the other 
Public Company Group Members, to use the Name and/or the Marks in 
accordance with such quality standards established by Hess and communicated 
to the Partnership from time to time, it being understood that the products 
and services offered by the Public Company Group Members immediately before 
the Effective Date are of a quality that is acceptable to Hess and 
justifies the License.

Section 6.03    Termination.    The License shall terminate upon any 
termination of this Agreement. The License shall terminate, with respect to 
any Person that no longer qualifies as a Public Company Group Member, as of 
the time such Person no longer qualifies as a Public Company Group Member. 
In the event of a termination of the License as described in this Section 
6.03, as promptly as practicable, but in any event within 60 days after any 
such termination, any such Person that no longer qualifies as a Public 
Company Group Member shall eliminate the Name and the Marks, including any 
and all variants thereof, from its assets, legal name and any of its other 
properties and, except with respect to such grace period for eliminating 
existing usage set forth in this Section 6.03, shall cease the use of the 
Name and the Marks.


ARTICLE VII.    NOTICES

Section 7.01    Notices.    All written notices, requests, demands and 
other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement 
shall be considered a Notice and shall be deemed sufficient in all 
respects (a) if given in writing and delivered personally, (b) if sent by 
overnight courier, (c) if mailed by U.S. Express Mail or by certified or 
registered U.S. Mail with all postage fully prepaid, (d) sent by facsimile 
transmission (provided any such facsimile transmission is confirmed either 
orally or by written confirmation), or (e) sent by electronic mail 
transmission (provided any such electronic mail transmission is confirmed 
either orally or by written confirmation, including via a reply electronic 
mail transmission) and, in each case, addressed to the appropriate Party at 
the address for such Party shown below:
 
If to the General Partner or any other
Public Company Group Member:
   	
If to Hess or any of the Hess
Entities:
Hess Midstream Partners GP LP
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, TX 77010
Attn:
Fax:
Email:
   	
Hess Corporation
1185 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
Attn:
Fax:
Email:
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
With a copy to: 	   	With a copy to:
Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, TX 77010
Attn:
Fax:
Email:
   	
Hess Corporation
1185 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
Attn:
Fax:
Email:
If to HIP LP or any other Non-
Public Company Group Member:
   	
Hess Infrastructure Partners LP
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, TX 77010
Attn:
Fax:
Email:
   	
With a copy to: 	   	
Hess Infrastructure Partners LP
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, TX 77010
Attn:
Fax:
Email:
   	

Any Notice given in accordance herewith shall be deemed to have been given 
(i) when delivered to the addressee in person, or by courier, during normal 
business hours, or on the next Business Day if delivered after business 
hours, (ii) when received by the addressee via facsimile or electronic 
transmission during normal business hours, or on the next Business Day if 
received after business hours, or (iii) upon actual receipt by the 
addressee after such notice has either been delivered to an overnight 
courier or deposited in the U.S. Mail, as the case may be. The Parties may 
change the address, telephone number, facsimile number, electronic mail 
address and individuals to which such communications to any Party are to be 
addressed by giving written notice to the other Parties in the manner 
provided in this Section 7.01.


ARTICLE VIII.    LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Section 8.01    No Liability for Consequential Damages.    Except as 
provided in Article III, in no event shall a Party be liable to another 
Party for any punitive, special, indirect or consequential damages of any 
kind or character resulting from or arising out of this Agreement, 
including, without limitation, loss of profits or business interruptions, 
however they may be caused.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IX.    MISCELLANEOUS

Section 9.01    Assignment.    No Party may assign its rights or delegate 
its duties under this Agreement without prior written consent of each other 
Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (a) Hess may delegate any of its 
duties and obligations hereunder to any Hess Entity; provided, however, 
that no such delegation shall relieve Hess of any of its duties or 
obligations under this Agreement; and (b) the Partnership may assign its 
rights under Article V to any Public Company Group Member.

Section 9.02    Modification.    This Agreement may be amended or modified 
only by a written instrument executed by the Parties. Any of the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement may be waived in writing at any time by the 
Party entitled to the benefits thereof.

Section 9.03    Entire Agreement.    This Agreement, together with all 
Schedules attached hereto and the Secondment Agreement (with respect to 
certain employee reimbursement matters), constitute the entire agreement 
among the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede all 
prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations and 
discussions, whether oral or written, between the Parties relating to the 
subject matter hereof, and there are no warranties, representations or 
other agreements between the Parties in connection with the subject matter 
hereof except as specifically set forth in, or contemplated by, this 
Agreement and the Secondment Agreement (with respect to certain employee 
reimbursement matters).

Section 9.04    Governing Law; Jurisdiction.    This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to its 
conflict of laws principles. Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of any federal court of competent jurisdiction 
situated in the State of Texas United States District Court for the 
Southern District of Texas, or if such federal court declines to exercise 
or does not have jurisdiction, in the district court of Harris County, 
Texas. The Parties expressly and irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of 
said courts and irrevocably waive any objection which they may now or 
hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action, suit or proceeding 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in such courts, 
irrevocably waive any claim that any such action, suit or proceeding 
brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum and 
further irrevocably waive the right to object, with respect to such claim, 
action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court that such court does 
not have jurisdiction over such Party. The Parties hereby irrevocably 
consent to the service of process by registered mail, postage prepaid, or 
by personal service within or without the State of Texas. Nothing contained 
herein shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by 
Applicable Law.

Section 9.05    Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be valid and effective 
under Applicable Law, but if any provision of this Agreement or the 
application of any such provision to any Person or circumstance shall be 
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability 
shall not affect any
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
other provision hereof, and the Parties shall negotiate in good faith with 
a view to substitute for such provision a suitable and equitable solution 
in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent 
and purpose of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision.

Section 9.06    No Third-Party Beneficiaries. It is expressly understood 
that the provisions of this Agreement do not impart enforceable rights in 
anyone who is not a Party or the successor or permitted assignee of a 
Party. No Limited Partner shall have any right, separate and apart from the 
Partnership, to enforce any provision of this Agreement or to compel any 
Party to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

Section 9.07    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.    EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST 
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY 
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY 
PERFORMANCE OR FAILURE TO PERFORM OF ANY OBLIGATION HEREUNDER.

Section 9.08    Non-Waiver.    The failure of any Party to enforce any 
provision, condition, covenant or requirement of this Agreement at any time 
shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provision, condition, 
covenant or requirement unless the other Parties are so notified by such 
Party in writing. Any waiver by a Party of a default by any other Party in 
the performance of any provision, condition, covenant or requirement 
contained in this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such 
provision, condition, covenant or requirement, nor shall any such waiver in 
any manner release such other Party from the performance of any other 
provision, condition, covenant or requirement.

Section 9.09    Counterparts; Multiple Originals.    This Agreement may be 
executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile or portable 
document format (.pdf)), all of which together shall constitute one 
agreement binding each of the Parties. Each of the Parties may sign any 
number of copies of this Agreement. Each signed copy shall be deemed to be 
an original, and all of them together shall represent one and the same 
agreement.

Section 9.10    Schedules.    Each of the schedules attached hereto and 
referred to herein is hereby incorporated in and made a part of this 
Agreement as if set forth in full herein. If there is any conflict between 
this Agreement and any schedule, the provisions of the schedule shall 
control.

Section 9.11    Survival.    Any indemnification granted hereunder by a 
Party to any other Party shall survive the termination of this Agreement in 
accordance with the terms of the indemnification.

Section 9.12    Table of Contents; Headings; Subheadings.    The table of 
contents and the headings and subheadings of this Agreement have been 
inserted only for convenience to facilitate reference and are not intended 
to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or intent of this 
Agreement or any provision hereof.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.13    Construction.    The Parties have participated jointly in 
the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity 
or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be 
construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden 
of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the 
authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

Section 9.14    Business Practices.    Hess shall use its best efforts to 
make certain that all billings, reports, and financial settlements rendered 
to or made with the Public Company Group pursuant to this Agreement, or any 
revision of or amendments to this Agreement, will properly reflect the 
facts about all activities and transactions handled by authority of this 
Agreement and that the information shown on such billings, reports and 
settlement documents may be relied upon by the Public Company Group as 
being complete and accurate in any further recording and reporting made by 
the Public Company Group for whatever purposes. Hess shall notify the 
Partnership if Hess discovers any errors in such billings, reports, or 
settlement documents.

Section 9.15    Binding Effect. This Agreement will be binding upon, and 
will inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective successors 
and permitted assigns.

[Signature pages follow.]
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as 
of the date first written above.
 
HESS CORPORATION
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	 	  	
Title: 	  	 	  	
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
By: 	  	
Hess Midstream Partners GP LP,
its general partner
  	By: 	  	
Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC,
its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	 	  	
Title: 	  	 	  	
HESS TGP GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	 	  	
Title: 	  	 	  	
HESS TGP OPERATIONS LP
By: 	  	Hess TGP GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	 	  	
Title: 	  	 	  	
 
Signature page to HESM Omnibus Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS OPERATIONS LP
By: 	  	Hess North Dakota Export Logistics GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES OPERATIONS LP
By: 	  	Hess North Dakota Pipelines GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
Signature page to HESM Omnibus Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LP
By: 	  	Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC,
its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
Signature page to HESM Omnibus Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HESS INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS LP
By: 	  	Hess Infrastructure Partners GP LLC,
its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
Signature page to HESM Omnibus Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule I
Environmental Matters

Hess will be responsible for any and all costs attributable to or arising 
out of that certain Notice of Violation (Case No. 13-001 APC), dated 
February 13, 2013, sent by the North Dakota Department of Health to Hess 
Corporation, including any costs arising under the related Administrative 
Consent Agreement (Case No. 13-001 APC), dated December 17, 2013, among 
Hess Corporation, Hess Investments North Dakota Ltd., Hess Tioga Gas Plant 
LLC and the North Dakota Department of Health.
 
Schedule I - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule II
Services

Services to be provided pursuant to Section 4.01:

Administrative Services:
 
(a) 	Accounting Services, including without limitation:
 
  	(i) 	Accounting Governance
 
  	(ii) 	Corporate Accounting
 
  	(iii) 	Financial Accounting and Reporting
 
  	(iv) 	Internal and External Reporting
 
  	(v) 	Operations Accounting
 
  	(vi) 	Performing periodic reconciliation of book inventory with actual 
inventory, perform periodic material balance of inputs and outputs, and 
quantify loss and shrinkage.
 
  	(vii) 	Payment of damages in accordance with this Agreement occurring as 
a result of, or settlement of, Claims made in connection with the Public 
Company Group Assets and Hesss operation, maintenance and repair 
activities.
 
  	(viii) 	Arranging for payment of any third-party fees in regard to 
operation of the Public Company Group Assets.
 
  	(ix) 	Maintaining fixed asset records of the Public Company Group 
Assets, including, but not limited to, any other pipeline systems or 
terminals that Hess may agree to operate upon request of MLP GP LLC.
 
  	(x) 	Preparing and/or assisting in the preparation of capital project 
(AFE) documents for approval by MLP GP LLC.
 
(b) 	Corporate Aviation and Travel Services
 
(c) 	Foreign Trade Zone Reporting and Accounting (if applicable)
 
(d) 	Governmental Affairs
 
(e) 	Group Accounting and Reporting
 
(f) 	Environmental, Health and Safety Services, including without 
limitation:
 
  	(i) 	Establishment of safety, health, environmental, training, emergency 
response, spill response and other programs in connection with the 
maintenance and repair of the Public Company Group Assets, in each case as 
may be required by prudent industry practices or under Applicable Law.
 
  	(ii) 	Maintaining compliance with all federal, state and local 
environmental, health and safety laws; in addition, conducting all 
environmental investigation and remediation activities, as required by 
federal, state and local environmental laws and/or prudent business 
practices.
 
  	(iii) 	Manage all disposal and storage of all wastes (including 
hazardous substances and wastewater) generated or used by the operator in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of any applicable Governmental 
Authority and Applicable Law.
 
Schedule II - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) 	Internal Audit
 
(h) 	Legal Services
 
(i) 	Tax Services, including:
 
  	(i) 	Federal income tax services
 
  	(ii) 	State and local income tax services
 
  	(iii) 	Indirect tax services (including services with respect to ad 
valorem or transactional taxes)
 
(j) 	Office Services
 
(k) 	Records Management
 
(l) 	Real Estate Management
 
(m) 	Corporate Risk Services
 
(n) 	Insurance Services, including Claims Management
 
(o) 	Treasury and Banking Services
 
(p) 	Corporate Communications and Investor Relations
 
(q) 	Management Reporting and Analysis


HR Services:
 
(a) 	Human Resources Services


Data Processing and IT Services:
 
(a) 	Data Processing and Information Technology Services


Procurement Services:
 
(a) 	Purchasing / Supply Chain Management


Management Services:

None as of the Effective Date
 
Schedule II - 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule III
ROFO Assets
 
ROFO Asset
   	
Owner
Retained interest in Hess TGP Operations LP. HIP LPs 80% economic interest 
and 49% voting interest in Hess TGP Operations LP. 	   	Hess Infrastructure 
Partners LP
Retained interest in Hess North Dakota Export Logistics Operations LP. HIP 
LPs 80% economic interest and 49% voting interest in Hess North Dakota 
Export Logistics Operations LP. 	   	Hess Infrastructure Partners LP
Retained interest in Hess North Dakota Pipelines Operations LP. HIP LPs 
80% economic interest and 49% voting interest in Hess North Dakota 
Pipelines Operations LP. 	   	Hess Infrastructure Partners LP
 
Schedule III - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule IV
SERVICES MARK-UP PERCENTAGE
 
Service
   	Mark-Up Percentage 	 
 Administrative Services
   	  	7.70 	% 
 HR Services
   	  	4.21 	% 
 Data Processing and IT Services
   	  	6.35 	% 
 Procurement Services
   	  	3.12 	% 
 Management Services
   	  	12.74 	% 

For the avoidance of doubt, no markup percentage shall be applied to costs 
related to work performed by third-party contractors engaged directly by 
the General Partner or any other Public Company Group Member, even if Hess 
or one of its Affiliates assists in the procurement of such work on behalf 
of the General Partner or any other Public Company Group Member.
 
Schedule IV - 1