 EX-10.2 8 filename8.htm
Exhibit 10.2
 
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of 
________________, 201[__], is made and entered into by and among each of 
FinTech Acquisition Corp. II, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(the “Sponsor”), and the other Initial Stockholders (as defined below) and 
any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement 
pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement (each, a “Holder” and 
collectively, the “Holders”).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Company has issued the Sponsor and the other Initial 
Stockholders an aggregate of 5,298,333 shares (the “Founder Shares”) of the 
Company’s common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”), of 
which an aggregate of 675,000 Founder Shares are subject to the forfeiture 
to the extent that the underwriters of the Company’s initial public 
offering (the “IPO”) do not exercise their overallotment option in full;
 
WHEREAS, the Sponsor has entered into a unit subscription agreement with 
the Company, dated as of the date hereof, pursuant to which the Sponsor 
agreed to purchase an aggregate of 370,000 units of the Company (each, a “
Placement Unit” and collectively, the “Placement Units”), each Placement 
Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock (each, a “Placement Share” and 
collectively, the “Placement Shares”) and one half of one warrant to 
purchase one share of Common Stock (each, a “Placement Warrant” and 
collectively, the “Placement Warrants”) in a private placement transaction 
(the “Private Placement”) occurring simultaneously with the closing of the 
IPO;
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, 
pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration 
rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in 
this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, covenants and 
agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1    Definitions. The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all 
purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:
 
1.1.1           “Adverse Disclosure” shall mean any public disclosure of 
material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith 
judgment of the Board or the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or principal 
financial officer of the Company (i) would be required to be made in any 
Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable 
Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of 
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements contained therein (in the case of any Prospectus and any 
preliminary Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they 
were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such 
time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the 
Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information 
public.
     
1.1.2           “Agreement” shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.
     
1.1.3           “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.
     
1.1.4           “Business Combination” means an initial merger, capital 
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or 
similar business transaction with one or more businesses, or engagement in 
any other similar business combination transaction involving the Company.
     

 

 

     
1.1.5           “Commission” shall mean the Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
     
1.1.6           “Common Stock” shall have the meaning given in the Recitals 
hereto.
     
1.1.7           “Company” shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.
     
1.1.8           “Demand Registration” shall have the meaning given in 
subsection 2.1.1.
     
1.1.9           “Demanding Holders” shall have the meaning given in 
subsection 2.1.1.
     
1.1.10        “Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as it may be amended from time to time.
     
1.1.11        “Form S-1” shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.
     
1.1.12        “Form S-3” shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.
     
1.1.13        “Founder Lock-up Period” shall mean, with respect to the 
Founder Shares, the period ending: (A) with respect to 20% of the Founder 
Shares, upon the consummation of the Business Combination; (B) with respect 
to 20% of the Founder Shares, when the closing price of the Common Stock 
exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period 
following the consummation of the Business Combination; (C) with respect to 
20% of the Founder Shares, when the closing price of the Common Stock 
exceeds $13.50 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period 
following the consummation of the Business Combination; (D) with respect to 
20% of the Founder Shares, when the closing price of the Common Stock 
exceeds $15.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period 
following the consummation of the Business Combination; and (E) with 
respect to 20% of the Founder Shares, when the closing price of the Common 
Stock exceeds $17.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period 
following the consummation of the Business Combination; or earlier, in any 
case, if, following the initial Business Combination, the Company engages 
in a subsequent transaction (i) resulting in all of the Company’s 
stockholders having the right to exchange their Common Stock for cash or 
other securities, or (ii) involving a consolidation, merger or other 
similar transaction in which the Company is the surviving entity that 
results in the Board or the directors and officers of the Company ceasing 
to comprise a majority of the board of directors (in the case of directors) 
or management (in the case of officers) of the surviving entity.
     
1.1.14         “Founder Shares” shall have the meaning given in the 
Recitals hereto.
     
1.1.15         “Holders” shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.
     
1.1.16        “Initial Stockholders” shall mean Daniel G. Cohen, Betsy Z. 
Cohen, DGC Family FinTech Trust, Swarthmore Trust of 2016, Shami Patel, 
Jeremy Kuiper and the Sponsor.
     
1.1.17         “IPO” shall have meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto.
     
1.1.18        “Letter Agreement” shall mean the letter agreement by and 
among the Company, certain of the Company’s officers and directors, the 
Sponsor and the other Initial Stockholders.
     
1.1.19         “Maximum Number of Securities” shall have the meaning given 
in subsection 2.1.4.
     
1.1.20         “Misstatement” shall mean an untrue statement of a material 
fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a 
Registration Statement, preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus, or necessary 
to make the statements in a Registration Statement, preliminary Prospectus 
or Prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, 
not misleading.
     
1.1.21         “Piggy-back Registration” shall have the meaning given in 
Section 2.2.1.
     

  	2 	 

 

     
1.1.22         “Placement Share” or “Placement Shares” shall have the 
meaning given in the Recitals hereto.
     
1.1.23        “Placement Unit Lock-up Period” shall mean, with respect to 
the Placement Units, Placement Shares, Placement Warrants and any of the 
shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of such 
Placement Warrants, a period terminating 30 days after the consummation of 
a Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the 
Letter Agreement.
     
1.1.24         “Placement Unit” or “Placement Units” shall have the meaning 
given in the Recitals hereto.
     
1.1.25         “Placement Warrant” or “Placement Warrants” shall have the 
meaning given in the Recitals hereto.
     
1.1.26         “Private Placement” shall have the meaning given in the 
Recitals hereto.
 
1.1.27         “Pro Rata” shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4.
     
1.1.28         “Prospectus” shall mean the prospectus included in any 
Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus 
supplements and as amended by any and all post-effective amendments and 
including all materials incorporated by reference in such prospectus.
     
1.1.29        “Prospectus Date” shall mean the date of the final Prospectus 
filed with the Commission and relating to the IPO. 
     
1.1.30        “Registrable Security” shall mean (a) the Founder Shares, (b) 
the Placement Warrants (including any shares of Common Stock issued or 
issuable upon the exercise of any such Placement Warrants), (c) the 
Placement Shares, (d) any outstanding shares of Common Stock or any other 
equity security (including the Common Stock issued or issuable upon the 
exercise of any other equity security) held by a Holder as of the date of 
this Agreement, (e) any equity securities (including the shares of Common 
Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of any such equity security) of 
the Company issuable upon conversion of any working capital loans made to 
the Company by a Holder, and (f) any other equity security of the Company 
issued or issuable with respect to any such shares of Common Stock by way 
of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of 
stock, acquisition, recapitalization, consolidation, reorganization, stock 
exchange, stock reconstruction and amalgamation or contractual control 
arrangement with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, or 
engagement in any other similar transaction; provided, however, that, as to 
any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be 
Registrable Securities when: (i) if a Registration Statement with respect 
to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the 
Securities Act, at the earlier of (a) one year following the date the 
Registration Statement is declared effective or (b) the date that such 
securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in 
accordance with such Registration Statement; (ii) such securities may 
otherwise be transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing 
a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the 
Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not 
require registration under the Securities Act; (iii) such securities shall 
have ceased to be outstanding; or (iv) such securities have been sold to, 
or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or 
other public securities transaction.
     
1.1.31        “Registration” shall mean a registration effected by 
preparing and filing a Registration Statement or similar document in 
compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such Registration 
Statement becoming effective.
     
1.1.32        “Registration Expenses” shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses 
of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:
 
(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to 
filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority and any securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then 
listed);
 
(B) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws 
(including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the 
Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable 
Securities);
 

  	3 	 

 

 
(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;
 
(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company; and
 
(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public 
accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such 
Registration.
 
1.1.33        “Registration Statement” shall mean any registration 
statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions 
of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration 
statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements 
to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all materials 
incorporated by reference in such registration statement.
     
1.1.34         “Requesting Holder” shall have the meaning given in 
subsection 2.1.1.
     
1.1.35         “Securities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended from time to time.
     
1.1.36         “Sponsor” shall have the meaning given in the Recitals 
hereto.
     
1.1.37        “Underwriter” shall mean a securities dealer who purchases 
any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not 
as part of such dealer’s market-making activities.
     
1.1.38         “Underwritten Registration” or “Underwritten Offering” shall 
mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an 
Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the 
public.
 
ARTICLE II
REGISTRATIONS
 
  2.1    Demand Registration.
 
2.1.1           Request for Registration. Subject to the provisions of 
subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time 
on or after the date the Company consummates the Business Combination, the 
Holders of a majority-in-interest of the then outstanding number of 
Registrable Securities (the “Demanding Holders”) may make a written demand 
for Registration under the Securities Act of all or part of their 
Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and 
type of securities to be included in such Registration and the intended 
method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a “Demand 
Registration”). The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Company’s 
receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders 
of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable 
Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such 
Holder’s Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand 
Registration (each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such 
Holder’s Registrable Securities in such Registration, a “Requesting Holder
”) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the 
receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by the 
Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to the 
Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their 
Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand 
Registration and the Company shall, not more than forty five (45) days 
after the Company’s receipt of the Demand Registration, file a Registration 
Statement on Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that 
may be available at that time (“Form S-1”) with respect to all Registrable 
Securities requested by the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders 
pursuant such the Demand Registration, and shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective by 
the Commission as soon as practicable thereafter; provided, however, that 
the Company may use a Registration Statement on Form S-3 or any successor 
form thereto if the Company would qualify to use such form within 30 days 
after the date on which the initial demand request is given and the Company 
shall not be required to file such Registration Statement until it is so 
qualified. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect 
more than an aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand 
Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all 
Registrable Securities.
     

  	4 	 

 

     
2.1.2           Effective Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of 
subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration 
pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless 
and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with 
respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been 
declared effective by the Commission; provided, however, that if after such 
Registration Statement has been declared effective, an offering of 
Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration 
is subsequently interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the 
Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency (except 
for a stop order or injunction resulting from information supplied by a 
Demanding or Requesting Holding for use in the Registration Statement being 
incorrect or incomplete) the Registration Statement with respect to such 
Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless 
and until, (x) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or 
otherwise terminated, and (y) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding 
Holders initiating such Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect 
to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in 
writing, but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; and, 
provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required to 
file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that 
has been previously filed with respect to a Registration pursuant to a 
Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.
     
2.1.3           Underwritten Offering. Subject to the provisions of 
subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the 
Demanding Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand 
Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to 
such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, 
then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to 
include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be 
conditioned upon such Holder’s participation in such Underwritten Offering 
and the inclusion of such Holder’s Registrable Securities in such 
Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein. All such Holders 
proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an 
Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an 
underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected 
for such Underwritten Offering by a majority-in-interest of the Demanding 
Holders initiating the Demand Registration.
     
2.1.4           Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing 
Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a 
Demand Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding 
Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar 
amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and 
the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all 
other shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company 
desires to sell and the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which a 
Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual 
piggy-back registration rights held by any other stockholders who desire to 
sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity 
securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely 
affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, 
or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount 
or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the “Maximum Number of 
Securities”), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, 
as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders 
and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective 
number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting 
Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration 
and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding 
Holders and Requesting Holders have collectively requested be included in 
such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to herein as “
Pro Rata”)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of 
Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of 
Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the shares 
of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell 
that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (iii) 
third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been 
reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Registrable 
Securities of Holders (Pro Rata, based on the respective number of 
Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their 
rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 
2.2.1 hereof, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of 
Securities; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of 
Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and 
(iii), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of other 
persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a 
Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with 
such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of 
Securities.
     

  	5 	 

 

     
2.1.5           Demand Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of 
the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a 
majority-in-interest of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a 
Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right in their sole 
discretion to withdraw from a Registration pursuant to such Demand 
Registration upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter 
or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such 
Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed 
with the Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable 
Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the 
Registration Expenses incurred in connection a Registration pursuant to a 
Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.
 
  2.2    Piggy-back Registration.
 
2.2.1           Piggy-back Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the 
Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a 
Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering 
of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or 
exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own 
account or for the account of stockholders of the Company (or by the 
Company and by the stockholders of the Company including, without 
limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration 
Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other 
benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer, as part of a merger, 
consolidation or similar transaction or for an offering of securities 
solely to the Company’s existing stockholders, (iii) for an offering of 
debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company, or (iv) for 
a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of 
such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as 
soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated 
filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe 
the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the 
intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing 
Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all 
of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the 
sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request 
in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such 
Registration a “Piggy-back Registration”). The Company shall, in good 
faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggy-back 
Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing 
Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit 
the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this 
subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggy-back Registration on the same 
terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in 
such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such 
Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of 
distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their 
Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this 
subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary 
form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the 
Company. The Company may postpone or withdraw the filing or the 
effectiveness of a Piggyback Registration at any time in its sole 
discretion.
     
2.2.2           Reduction of Piggy-back Registration. If the managing 
Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a 
Piggy-back Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders 
of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggy-back Registration in 
writing that the dollar amount or number of the shares of Common Stock that 
the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the shares of Common 
Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to 
separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other 
than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (ii) the Registrable 
Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant Section 
2.2.1 hereof, and (iii) the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which 
Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual 
piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of the Company, 
exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:
 
(a) If the Registration is undertaken for the Company’s account, the 
Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the shares of 
Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, 
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) 
second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been 
reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of 
Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities 
pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, Pro Rata, which can be sold without 
exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent 
that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the 
foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to 
which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual 
piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of the Company, which 
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and
 

  	6 	 

 

 
(b) If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities 
other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall 
include in any such Registration (A) first, the shares of Common Stock or 
other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, 
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) 
second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been 
reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of 
Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities 
pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, Pro Rata, which can be sold without exceeding 
the Maximum Number of Securities (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum 
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) 
and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the 
Company desires to sell which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum 
Number of Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number 
of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and 
(C), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities for the account 
of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register 
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or 
entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of 
Securities.
 
2.2.3          Piggy-back Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of 
Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggy-back 
Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to 
the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its 
intention to withdraw from such Piggy-back Registration prior to the 
effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with 
respect to such Piggy-back Registration. The Company (in its sole 
discretion or at the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant 
to separate written contractual obligations) may postpone or withdraw the 
filing or effectiveness of a Piggy-back Registration. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be 
responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the 
Piggy-back Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 
2.2.3.
     
2.2.4           Unlimited Piggy-back Registration Rights. For purposes of 
clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not 
be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected 
under Section 2.1 hereof; provided, however, that the rights to demand a 
Piggy-back Registration under this Section 2.2 shall terminate on the 
second anniversary of the consummation of the Business Combination.
 
2.3    Registrations on Form S-3. Provided that the Company has qualified 
for the use of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 or any successor form 
thereto, the Holders of Registrable Securities may, at any time, and from 
time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 
under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by 
the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable 
Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form Registration Statement 
that may be available at such time (“Form S-3”); provided, however, that 
the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request through an 
Underwritten Offering. Within ten (10) days of the Company’s receipt of a 
written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a 
Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall promptly give written notice of 
the proposed Registration on Form S-3 to all other Holders of Registrable 
Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes 
to include all or a portion of such Holder’s Registrable Securities in such 
Registration on Form S-3 shall so notify the Company, in writing, within 
five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the 
Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than thirty (30) 
days after the Company’s initial receipt of such written request for a 
Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall file a Registration Statement 
on Form S-3 with respect to the Registrable Securities of such Holder(s) as 
are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of 
Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such 
request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder 
or Holders, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such 
Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission as soon 
as practicable thereafter; provided, however, that the Company shall not be 
obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof if 
(i) a Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) the Holders of 
Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity 
securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, 
propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities 
(if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $10,000,000. The 
rights to demand Registration on Form S-3 under this Section 2.3 shall 
terminate on the third anniversary of the Business Combination.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
2.4    Restrictions on Registration Rights. The Company shall not be 
obligated to effect any Demand Registration within 180 days after the 
effective date of a previous Demand Registration or a previous Piggy-back 
Registration in which holders of Registrable Securities were permitted to 
register, and actually sold, 75% of the Registrable Securities requested to 
be included therein. The Company may postpone for up to 120 days the filing 
or effectiveness of (A) a Registration Statement for a Demand Registration 
if the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company 
and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to 
firmly underwrite the offer, or (B) a Registration Statement for a Demand 
Registration or a Registration on Form S-3 if the Registration Statement is 
required under applicable law, rule or regulation to contain (i) financial 
statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the 
Company’s control, (ii) audited financial statements as of a date other 
than the Company’s fiscal year end (unless the Holders requesting 
Registration agree to pay the reasonable expenses of this audit), (iii) pro 
forma financial statements that are required to be included in a 
registration statement, or if the Board determines in its reasonable good 
faith judgment that such Demand Registration would (x) materially interfere 
with a significant acquisition, corporate organization or other similar 
transaction involving the Company, (y) require the Company to make an 
Adverse Disclosure or (z) render the Company unable to comply with 
requirements under the Securities Act or Exchange Act; provided, that in 
such event the Holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable 
Securities initiating a Demand Registration shall be entitled to withdraw 
such request and, if such request is withdrawn, such Demand Registration 
shall not count as one of the permitted Demand Registrations hereunder and 
the Company shall pay all Registration Expenses in connection with such 
Registration. The Company may delay a Demand Registration hereunder only 
twice in any period of twelve consecutive months.
 
ARTICLE III
COMPANY PROCEDURES
 
3.1    General Procedures. If at any time on or after the date the Company 
consummates a Business Combination the Company is required to effect the 
Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best 
efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable 
Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, 
and pursuant thereto the Company shall:
 
3.1.1           prepare and file with the Commission a Registration 
Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its 
reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become 
effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by 
such Registration Statement have been sold;
     
3.1.2          prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and 
post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such 
supplements to the Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or any 
Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, 
regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the 
Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to 
keep the Registration Statement effective until the earlier of (a) one year 
following the effective date of the Registration Statement or (b) until all 
Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in 
accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such 
Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus and either (i) any 
underwriter overallotment option has terminated by its terms or (ii) the 
underwriters have advised the Company that they will not exercise such 
option or any remaining portion thereof;
     
3.1.3           furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the 
Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, or such 
Holders’ legal counsel, copies of the Prospectus included in such 
Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and each 
amendment and supplement thereto (in each case including all exhibits 
thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), and such other 
documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities 
included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may 
reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the 
Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;
     
3.1.4           prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use 
its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities 
covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or “blue sky” 
laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of 
Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of 
their intended plan of distribution) may reasonably request and (ii) take 
such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the 
Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other 
governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and 
operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may 
be reasonably necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable 
Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the 
disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, 
however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do 
business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to 
qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service 
of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then 
otherwise so subject;
     

  	8 	 

 

     
3.1.5           use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such 
Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or 
automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the 
Company are then listed;
     
3.1.6           provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, 
and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the 
effective date of such Registration Statement;
     
3.1.7          advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly 
after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance 
of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such 
Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding 
for such purpose and promptly use its commercially reasonable best efforts 
to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if 
such stop order should be issued;
     
3.1.8           at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any 
Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such 
Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document that is to be 
incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus, 
furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its 
counsel;
     
3.1.9           notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating 
to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the 
Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the 
Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, 
includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth 
in Section 3.4 hereof;
     
3.1.10       in the event of an Underwritten Offering, permit the 
participating Holders to rely on any “cold comfort” letter from the 
Company’s independent registered public accountants provided to the 
managing Underwriter of such offering;
     
3.1.11       in the event of an Underwritten Offering, permit the 
participating Holders to rely on any opinion(s) of counsel representing the 
Company for the purposes of such Registration issued to the managing 
Underwriter of such offering covering legal matters with respect to the 
Registration;
     
3.1.12       in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and 
perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and 
customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;
     
3.1.13       make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve 
(12) months beginning with the first day of the Company’s first full 
calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement 
which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and 
Rule 158 thereunder, and which requirement will be deemed to be satisfied 
if the Company timely files complete and accurate information on Forms 
10-Q, 10-K and 8-K under the Exchange Act and otherwise complies with Rule 
158 under the Securities Act;
     
3.1.14       if the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable 
Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its 
reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to 
participate in customary “road show” presentations that may be reasonably 
requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and
     

  	9 	 

 

     
3.1.15        otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take 
such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in 
connection with such Registration.
 
3.2    Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all 
Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the 
Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses 
relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters’ 
commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and 
all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the 
Holders.
   
3.3    Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person 
may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the 
Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder 
unless such person (i) agrees to sell such person’s securities on the basis 
provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) 
completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, 
indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other 
customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such 
underwriting arrangements.
     
3.4    Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written 
notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus 
contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue 
disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it is advised in 
writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed and 
he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus 
correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby 
covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the time of such notice) and, if so directed 
by the Company, each Holder shall deliver to the Company (at the Company's 
expense) all copies, other than permanent file copies then in such Holder's 
possession, of the Prospectus covering such Registrable Securities at the 
time of receipt of such notice. If the continued use of a Registration 
Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the 
Company to make an Adverse Disclosure, or would require the inclusion in 
such Registration Statement of (i) financial statements that are 
unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Company’s control, (ii) 
audited financial statements as of a date other than the Company’s fiscal 
year end (unless the Holders requesting Registration agree to pay the 
reasonable expenses of this audit), or (iii) pro forma financial statements 
that are required to be included in a registration statement, the Company 
may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay 
the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such 
Registration Statement for no more than 180 days. In the event the Company 
exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to 
suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, 
their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with 
any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall 
immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which 
it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.
   
3.5    Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable 
Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be reporting under the 
Exchange Act, covenants to use reasonable best efforts to file timely (or 
obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace 
period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date 
hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to 
promptly upon request by a Holder furnish such Holder with true and 
complete copies of such filings. The Company further covenants that it 
shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to 
the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell shares 
of Common Stock held by such Holder without registration under the 
Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 
promulgated under the Securities Act, including providing any legal 
opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such 
Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether 
it has complied with such requirements.
 
ARTICLE IV
INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION
 
  4.1    Indemnification.
 
4.1.1           The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by 
law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and 
each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities 
Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses 
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees) caused by any untrue or alleged 
untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, 
Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement 
thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to 
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any 
information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly 
for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their 
officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters 
(within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided 
in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder. 
     

  	10 	 

 

     
4.1.2           In connection with any Registration Statement in which a 
Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall 
furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the 
Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such 
Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, 
shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each 
person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) 
against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including, 
without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any untrue 
statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, 
Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement 
thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the 
extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any 
information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly 
for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall 
be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable 
Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities 
shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such 
Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such 
Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall 
indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who 
controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to 
the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to 
indemnification of the Company.
     
4.1.3           Any person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) 
give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with 
respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to 
give prompt notice shall not impair any person’s right to indemnification 
hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the 
indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified party’s reasonable 
judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying 
parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying 
party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably 
satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the 
indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement 
made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall 
not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled 
to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated 
to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties 
indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless 
in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest 
may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified 
parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without 
the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment 
or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the 
payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party 
pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does not 
include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or 
plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in 
respect to such claim or litigation.
     
4.1.4           The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or 
on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling 
person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of 
securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities 
participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are 
reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such 
party in the event the Company’s or such Holder’s indemnification is 
unavailable for any reason.
     
4.1.5           If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof 
from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless 
an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities 
and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of 
indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or 
payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to 
reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified 
party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative 
fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined 
by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, 
including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or 
omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or 
relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified 
party, and the indemnifying party’s and indemnified party’s relative 
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or 
prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder 
under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net 
proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such 
liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses 
or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject 
to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, 
any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such 
party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties 
hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution 
pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or 
by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the 
equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person 
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) 
of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this 
subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent 
misrepresentation.
 

  	11 	 

 

 
ARTICLE V
MISCELLANEOUS
 
5.1    Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in 
writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to 
the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with 
return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service 
providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, 
electronic mail or facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed, 
delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed 
sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed 
notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed 
and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, 
electronic mail or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the 
addressee (with the delivery receipt of the intended recipient or the 
affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the 
addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this 
Agreement must be addressed to
 
    the Company at:
     
    FinTech Acquisition Corp. II
    2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703
    Philadelphia, PA 19104-2870Email: jmce@stbwell.com
 
    with a copy to:
 
    Ledgewood
    2001 Market Street, Suite 3400
    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103
    Attention: Amanda Abrams
    Email: aabrams@ledgewood.com
    Facsimile: (215) 735-9450
     
and to the Holders, at such Holder’s address referenced in Schedule A.
 
Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to 
time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of 
address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such 
notice as provided in this Section 5.1.
 
  5.2     Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.
 
5.2.1           This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of 
the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in 
whole or in part. Prior to the expiration of the Founder Lock-up Period or 
Placement Unit Lock-up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign or 
delegate his, her or its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement 
in whole or in part. Notwithstanding the above, as it applies to the 
Registrable Securities, the Holder may transfer such securities during the 
respective lock-up period to any Permitted Transferee (as such term is 
defined in that certain Warrant Agreement between the Company and 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company) but only if such Permitted 
Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in 
this Agreement and the Letter Agreement.
     

  	12 	 

 

     
5.2.2           Except as set forth in subsection 5.2.1 hereof, this 
Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Holders of 
Registrable Securities hereunder may be assigned or delegated by such 
Holder of Registrable Securities in conjunction with and to the extent of 
any transfer of Registrable Securities by any such Holder.
     
5.2.3           This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding 
upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the Holders, the permitted 
assigns and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders.
     
5.2.4           This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on 
any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth 
in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.
     
5.2.5           No assignment by any party hereto of such party’s rights, 
duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the 
Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice 
of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written 
agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the 
Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which 
may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this 
Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this 
Section 5.2 shall be null and void.
 
5.3  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts 
(including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an 
original, and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, 
but only one of which need be produced.
   
5.4  Governing Law; Venue. THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT 
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, 
WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. Any 
legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the 
federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of New York 
in each case located in the city of New York, and each party irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, 
action or proceeding.
     
5.5    Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the 
Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the then 
outstanding Registrable Securities, compliance with any of the provisions, 
covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any 
of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; 
provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto 
or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in its capacity 
as a holder of the shares of capital stock of the Company, in a manner that 
is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall 
require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between 
any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or 
delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or 
remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or 
remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any 
rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a 
waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder 
or thereunder by such party.
   
5.6    Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that 
no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to 
require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or 
to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed by the 
Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account 
of any other person.
     
5.7    Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) 
the fifth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date as of 
which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have either been sold pursuant 
to a Registration Statement or cease to be Registrable Securities (but in 
no event prior to the applicable period referred to in Section 4(3) of the 
Securities Act and Rule 174 thereunder) or (B) the Holders of all 
Registrable Securities are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities 
under Rule 144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities Act without 
limitation on the amount of securities sold or the manner of sale. The 
provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.
     
[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
 

  	13 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be 
executed as of the date first written above.
 
  	COMPANY:   
  	 
  	
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II
a Delaware corporation
  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	
Name: James J. McEntee, III
Title: President and Chief Financial Officer
  	  	 
  	HOLDERS:
  	 
  	
FINTECH INVESTOR HOLDINGS II, LLC
a Delaware limited liability company
  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name: Daniel G. Cohen
  	  	Title: Manager
 
  	DGC FAMILY FINTECH TRUST
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name: Daniel G. Cohen
  	  	Title:  Trustee
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	Betsy Z. Cohen
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	Daniel G. Cohen 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	Shami Patel
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	
Jeremy Kuiper
  	  	 
  	  	Swarthmore Trust of 2016
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title: Trustee
 
[Registration Rights Agreement]
 

 

 

 
Schedule A
 
Holder
  	Address
  	  	
DGC Family FinTech Trust
  	 
  	  	 
FinTech Investor Holdings, LLC 
  	 
  	  	 
Betsy Z. Cohen 
  	 
  	  	 
Daniel G. Cohen 	  	 
  	  	 
Jeremy Kuiper 
  	 
  	  	 
Swarthmore Trust of 2016 
  	 
  	  	 
Shami Patel 
  	 
 
 
 
 
 
 