 EX-10.7.1 12 d201422dex1071.htm EX-10.7.1
Exhibit 10.7.1

FIRST AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT (this First Amendment) is made 
and entered into as of November 9, 2012 (Effective Date), by and between 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC, a limited liability company organized and 
existing under the laws of the State of New York and having its principal 
office at 701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, New York 14203, United States (
Kinex) and HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD., a publicly traded company 
existing under the laws of Republic of Korea and having its principal 
office at 14, Wiryeseong-daero, Songpa-gu, Seoul, 138-724, Republic of 
Korea (Hanmi).


WITNESSTH:

WHEREAS, Hanmi and Kinex entered into a License Agreement on December 16, 
2011 for the license by Hanmi to Kinex of rights in the Hanmi Orascovery 
Program (the License Agreement); and

WHEREAS, Hanmi and Kinex now wish to amend the License Agreement to amend 
the definition of Territory to add Macau and Singapore.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
 
  	1. 	All capitalized terms used in this First Amendment and not defined 
herein shall have the meaning given to them in the License Agreement. 
Except as amended by this First Amendment, the License Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect.
 
  	2. 	Section 1.66 of the License Agreement is amended and restated in its 
entirety to read as follows:

Territory means the following designated countries and all countries 
within the following designated continents or economic union only: North 
America, South America, European Union, Australia, New Zealand, Russia, 
Eastern Europe, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and Singapore. All other countries 
are expressly excluded including, but not limited to, the Asian countries 
of Japan, Mainland China, Korea, and India.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this First Amendment as of 
the date first set forth above.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC 	   	 	   	HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
By: 	   	
/s/ Johnson Lau
   	 	   	By: 	   	
/s/ Gwan Sun Lee
   	Johnson Lau, CEO 	   	 	   	 	   	Gwan Sun Lee, President and CEO