 EX-10.16 2 d253212dex1016.htm EX-10.16
Exhibit 10.16

EXECUTION COPY

AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO
RECEIVABLES LOAN AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO RECEIVABLES LOAN AGREEMENT, effective as of October 
4, 2016 (this Amendment), is executed by and among HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 
TRUST I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its 
successors and assigns, the Borrower), WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Paying Agent and Securities 
Intermediary, the financial institutions signatory hereto as Managing 
Agents, the financial institutions signatory hereto as Committed Lenders 
and DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES, INC., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized 
terms used, but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings 
ascribed thereto in the Receivables Loan Agreement (defined below).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Managing Agents party thereto, the 
Administrative Agent, Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Securities 
Intermediary and Paying Agent, the Conduit Lenders party thereto, and the 
Committed Lenders party thereto are parties to that certain Receivables 
Loan Agreement dated as of May 9, 2013 (as amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Loan Agreement
);

WHEREAS, as provided herein, the parties hereto have agreed to amend 
certain provisions of the Receivables Loan Agreement, as further described 
below;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements 
hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto hereby agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Amendment. Effective as of the date hereof (the Effective Date
), and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth 
in Section 2 hereof, Section 1.01 of the Receivables Loan Agreement is 
hereby amended as follows:

(a) Clause (b)(ii) of the definition of Change of Control is hereby 
amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

(ii) HGVI shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the issued 
and outstanding Equity Interests of the Seller; and

(b) The definition of Seller Credit Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows:

Seller Credit Agreement means the revolving credit agreement entered into 
by a Subsidiary of HGVI and a syndicate of lenders, including one or more 
Committed Lenders, and guaranteed by HGVI and/or the Seller, in connection 
with the Spin-Off Transaction, pursuant to which the lenders party thereto 
commit to make revolving loans to such Subsidiary, as in effect on the date 
on which such revolving credit agreement first becomes effective and 
without giving effect to any amendment, restatement, supplement or other 
modification thereto or any replacement thereof after such date.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2. Conditions Precedent. This Amendment shall become effective on 
the Effective Date upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of 
counterparts of this Amendment executed by each of the parties hereto.

SECTION 3. Representations, Warranties and Confirmations. The Borrower 
hereby represents and warrants that:

3.1 It has the power and is duly authorized, including by all limited 
liability company action on its part, to execute and deliver this 
Amendment.

3.2 This Amendment has been duly and validly executed and delivered by it.

3.3 This Amendment and the Receivables Loan Agreement as amended hereby, 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower and are 
enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms.

3.4 Immediately prior, and after giving all effect, to this Amendment, the 
covenants, representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the 
Receivables Loan Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as 
of the date hereof (except to the extent such representations or warranties 
relate solely to an earlier date and then as of such date).

3.5 Immediately prior, and after giving all effect, to this Amendment, no 
event, condition or circumstance has occurred and is continuing which 
constitutes a Servicer Termination Event, Unmatured Servicer Termination 
Event, Default or Event of Default.

SECTION 4. Delivery of Executed Amendment. The Borrower covenants and 
agrees that it will deliver an executed copy of this Amendment to the 
Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Backup Servicer and the Custodian promptly 
following the effectiveness hereof.

SECTION 5. Entire Agreement. The parties hereto hereby agree that this 
Amendment constitutes the entire agreement concerning the subject matter 
hereof and supersedes any and all written and/or oral prior agreements, 
negotiations, correspondence, understandings and communications.

SECTION 6. Effectiveness of Amendment. Except as expressly amended by the 
terms of this Amendment, all terms and conditions of the Receivables Loan 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and 
confirmed. This Amendment shall not operate as a consent, waiver, amendment 
or other modification of any other term or condition set forth in the 
Receivables Loan Agreement or any right, power or remedy of the 
Administrative Agent or any Managing Agent or Lender under the Receivables 
Loan Agreement, except as expressly modified hereby. Upon the effectiveness 
of this Amendment, each reference in the Receivables Loan Agreement to 
this Agreement or this Receivables Loan Agreement or words of like 
import shall mean and be references to the Receivables Loan Agreement as 
amended hereby, and each reference in any other Facility Document to the 
Receivables Loan Agreement or to any terms defined in the Receivables Loan 
Agreement which are modified hereby shall mean and be references to the 
Receivables Loan Agreement or to such terms as modified hereby.

SECTION 7. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND 
CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK.

SECTION 8. Binding Effect. This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall 
be enforceable by parties hereto and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 9. Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only 
and will not affect the construction hereof.

SECTION 10. Novation. This Amendment does not constitute a novation or 
termination of the Receivables Loan Agreement or any Facility Document and 
all obligations thereunder are in all respects continuing with only the 
terms thereof being modified as provided herein.

SECTION 11. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, 
but all such counterparts will together constitute but one and the same 
instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this 
Amendment by facsimile or by electronic mail in a .pdf file shall be 
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.

SECTION 12. Fees, Costs and Expenses. The Borrower agrees to pay on demand 
all reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Sidley Austin LLP, 
counsel for the Administrative Agent, incurred in connection with the 
preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other 
instruments and documents to be delivered in connection herewith.

Signature Pages Follow
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of 
the date first above written.
 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS TRUST I LLC,
 as Borrower
By: 	  	
/s/ Sean M. DellOrto
Name: 	  	Sean M. DellOrto
Title: 	  	Senior Vice President & Treasurer
 


Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Receivables Loan Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES, INC.,
 as Administrative Agent
 By:
  	
/s/ Robert Sheldon
 Name:
  	Robert Sheldon
 Title:
  	Managing Director
 By:
  	
/s/ Rob Sannicandro
 Name:
  	Rob Sannicandro
 Title:
  	Director
 DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH
 as a Committed Lender and a Managing Agent
 By:
  	
/s/ Rob Sannicandro
 Name:
  	Rob Sannicandro
 Title:
  	Director
 By:
  	
/s/ Robert Sheldon
 Name:
  	Robert Sheldon
 Title:
  	Managing Director
 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Receivables Loan Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
 as a Committed Lender and a Managing Agent
 By:
  	
/s/ Elizabeth C. Picoli
 Name:
  	Elizabeth C. Picoli
 Title:
  	Vice President
 


Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Receivables Loan Agreement