 EX-10.3 4 d667078dex103.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

AMENDED AND RESTATED GUARANTY AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED GUARANTY AGREEMENT, dated as of the 11th day of 
October, 2017 (this Guaranty), is made by CRAWFORD & COMPANY, a Georgia 
corporation (Crawford), each of the undersigned Subsidiaries of Crawford, 
and each other Subsidiary of Crawford that, after the date hereof, executes 
an instrument of accession hereto substantially in the form of Exhibit A 
(a Guarantor Accession; each undersigned Subsidiary and such other 
Subsidiaries, each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors), in 
favor of the Guaranteed Parties (as hereinafter defined). Capitalized terms 
used herein without definition shall have the meanings given to them in the 
Credit Agreement referred to below.


RECITALS

A.    Crawford, Crawford & Company Risk Services Investments Limited, a 
limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with 
registered number 02855446 (the UK Borrower), Crawford & Company (Canada) 
Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of Canada (the Canadian 
Borrower), Crawford & Company (Australia) Pty. Ltd., a proprietary limited 
company organized in Australia (ACN 002 317 133) (the Australian Borrower
 and, together with Crawford, the UK Borrower and the Canadian Borrower, 
the Borrowers), certain Lenders, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, 
as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the 
Administrative Agent) and the other Persons party thereto, are parties to 
a Credit Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2011 (as amended, modified, 
restated or supplemented from time to time prior to the date hereof, the 
Existing Credit Agreement), providing for the availability of certain 
credit facilities to each of the Borrowers upon the terms and conditions 
set forth therein. The Borrowers have requested, and the Lenders and the 
Administrative Agent have agreed, to enter into an Amended and Restated 
Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, modified, 
restated or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement), which 
amends and restates in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement.

B.    Crawford, the Guarantors and the Administrative Agent are parties to 
that certain Guaranty Agreement dated as of December 8, 2011 (as amended by 
the (i) Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to 
Guaranty Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2013, and (ii) Fourth Amendment to 
Credit Agreement, Second Amendment to Pledge and Security Agreement, Second 
Amendment to Guaranty Agreement and Limited Consent, dated as of November 
28, 2014, the Existing Guaranty).

C.    It is a condition to the extension of credit to each Borrower under 
the Credit Agreement that each Guarantor shall have agreed, by executing 
and delivering this Guaranty, which amends and restates in its entirety the 
Existing Guaranty, to guarantee to the Guaranteed Parties the payment in 
full of the Guaranteed Obligations (as hereinafter defined). Crawford has 
joined this Guaranty to guarantee the Guaranteed Obligations for which it 
is not the primary obligor. The Guaranteed Parties are relying on this 
Guaranty in their decision to extend credit to each of the Borrowers under 
the Credit Agreement, and would not enter into the Credit Agreement without 
this Guaranty.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
D.    Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantors are engaged in related 
businesses and undertake certain activities and operations on an integrated 
basis. As part of such integrated operations, the Borrowers, among other 
things, will advance to the Guarantors from time to time certain proceeds 
of the Loans made to the Borrowers by the Lenders under the Credit 
Agreement. Each Guarantor will therefore obtain benefits as a result of the 
extension of credit to each Borrower under the Credit Agreement, which 
benefits are hereby acknowledged, and, accordingly, desires to execute and 
deliver this Guaranty.


STATEMENT OF AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, to induce the Guaranteed Parties to enter into the Credit 
Agreement and to induce the Lenders to extend credit to each Borrower 
thereunder, each Guarantor hereby agrees as follows:

1.    Guaranty.

(a)    Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably, absolutely and unconditionally, 
and jointly and severally:

(i)    guarantees (A) to the Lenders (including the Issuing Banks and the 
Swingline Lender in their capacities as such) and the Administrative Agent 
(together with any Hedge Party described in clause (B) below and any Cash 
Management Bank described in clause (C) below, collectively, the 
Guaranteed Parties) the full and prompt payment, at any time and from time 
to time as and when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or 
otherwise), of all Obligations of the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement 
and the other Credit Documents, including, without limitation, all 
principal of and interest on the Loans, all Reimbursement Obligations, all 
fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrowers 
under the Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document (including interest 
accruing after the filing of a petition or commencement of a case by or 
with respect to any Borrower seeking relief under any Debtor Relief Laws, 
whether or not the claim for such interest is allowed in such proceeding), 
and all Obligations that, but for the operation of the automatic stay under 
Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, would become due (other than 
Excluded Swap Obligations); (B) to each Hedge Party under any Hedge 
Agreement that is required or permitted by the Credit Agreement to be 
entered into by any Consolidated Entity (a Permitted Hedge Agreement), 
all obligations of such Consolidated Entity under such Permitted Hedge 
Agreement (other than Excluded Swap Obligations); and (C) to each Cash 
Management Bank under any Cash Management Agreement entered into by any 
Consolidated Entity (a Guaranteed Cash Management Agreement), all of the 
obligations of such Consolidated Entity (other than Excluded Swap 
Obligations); in each case under clauses (A) through (C) whether now 
existing or hereafter created or arising and whether direct or indirect, 
absolute or contingent, due or to become due (all liabilities and 
obligations described in this clause (i), collectively, the Guaranteed 
Obligations); and
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii)    agrees to pay the reasonable documented out-of-pocket fees and 
expenses of counsel to, and reimburse upon demand all reasonable documented 
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred or paid by, (A) any Guaranteed 
Party in connection with any suit, action or proceeding to enforce or 
protect any rights of the Guaranteed Parties hereunder (including the 
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of counsel, but 
limited, in the case of fees and expenses of counsel, to the reasonable and 
documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of (x) a single primary counsel 
to the Administrative Agent, (y) a single local counsel to the 
Administrative Agent in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a 
single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and (z) in the 
event of any actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional 
counsel for each party subject to such conflict) and (B) the Administrative 
Agent in connection with any amendment, modification or waiver hereof or 
consent pursuant hereto, and to indemnify and hold each Guaranteed Party 
and its directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates harmless from 
and against any and all claims, losses, damages, obligations, liabilities, 
penalties, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the 
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of 
any counsel for any indemnified party, but limited, in the case of such 
fees, charges and disbursements, to the reasonable and documented 
out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of (x) one primary 
counsel to all indemnified parties (taken as a whole), (y) if deemed 
reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent, of a single local counsel 
in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special 
counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for all such indemnified parties 
(taken as a whole) and (z) solely in the case of an actual or potential 
conflict of interest, one additional counsel to each group of similarly 
situated affected indemnified parties in each applicable jurisdiction) of 
any kind or nature whatsoever that may at any time be imposed on, incurred 
by or asserted against any such indemnified party as a result of, arising 
from or in any way relating to this Guaranty or the collection or 
enforcement of the Guaranteed Obligations; provided, however, that no 
indemnified party shall have the right to be indemnified hereunder for any 
such claims, losses, costs and expenses to the extent that such claims, 
losses, costs and expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the 
gross negligence or willful misconduct of such indemnified party, (y) 
result from a claim brought by any Credit Party against such indemnified 
party for breach in bad faith of such Persons obligations hereunder or 
under any other Credit Document, if such Credit Party has obtained a final 
and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or (z) any dispute solely among indemnified 
parties, other than any claims against any indemnified party in its 
respective capacity or in fulfilling its role as an administrative agent or 
arranger or any similar role hereunder or under any other Credit Document, 
and other than any claims arising out of any act or omission on the part of 
Crawford or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

(iii)    To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the 
Administrative Agent, each other Guaranteed Party, each Guarantor and each 
Related Party of any of the foregoing persons shall not assert, and each 
hereby waives, any claim on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, 
consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) 
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Guaranty, any 
other Credit Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, 
the
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit, 
or the use of the proceeds thereof, provided that the foregoing shall not 
in any way limit the Credit Parties or Lenders respective obligations 
under Section 1(a)(ii).

(b)    Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1(a) and notwithstanding 
any other provisions contained herein or in any other Credit Document:

(i)    no provision of this Guaranty shall require or permit the collection 
from any Guarantor of interest in excess of the maximum rate or amount that 
such Guarantor may be required or permitted to pay pursuant to applicable 
law; and

(ii)    the liability of each Guarantor under this Guaranty as of any date 
shall be limited to a maximum aggregate amount (the Maximum Guaranteed 
Amount) equal to the greatest amount that would not render such 
Guarantors obligations under this Guaranty subject to avoidance, discharge 
or reduction as of such date as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under 
any Debtor Relief Law, in each instance after giving effect to all other 
liabilities of such Guarantor, contingent or otherwise, that are relevant 
under applicable Debtor Relief Laws (specifically excluding, however, any 
liabilities of such Guarantor in respect of intercompany indebtedness to 
any of the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates to the extent 
that such indebtedness would be discharged in an amount equal to the amount 
paid by such Guarantor hereunder, and after giving effect as assets to the 
value (as determined under applicable Debtor Relief Laws) of any rights to 
subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar rights of 
such Guarantor pursuant to (y) applicable law or (z) any agreement 
(including this Guaranty) providing for an equitable allocation among such 
Guarantor and other Affiliates of the Borrowers of obligations arising 
under guaranties by such parties).

(c)    The Guarantors desire to allocate among themselves, in a fair and 
equitable manner, their obligations arising under this Guaranty. 
Accordingly, in the event any payment or distribution is made hereunder on 
any date by a Guarantor (a Funding Guarantor) that exceeds its Fair Share 
(as hereinafter defined) as of such date, that Funding Guarantor shall be 
entitled to a contribution from each of the other Guarantors in the amount 
of such other Guarantors Fair Share Shortfall (as hereinafter defined) as 
of such date, with the result that all such contributions will cause each 
Guarantors Aggregate Payments (as hereinafter defined) to equal its Fair 
Share as of such date. Fair Share means, with respect to a Guarantor as 
of any date of determination, an amount equal to (i) the ratio of (x) the 
Adjusted Maximum Guaranteed Amount (as hereinafter defined) with respect to 
such Guarantor to (y) the aggregate of the Adjusted Maximum Guaranteed 
Amounts with respect to all Guarantors, multiplied by (ii) the aggregate 
amount paid or distributed on or before such date by all Funding Guarantors 
hereunder in respect of the obligations guarantied. Fair Share Shortfall 
means, with respect to a Guarantor as of any date of determination, the 
excess, if any, of the Fair Share of such Guarantor over the Aggregate 
Payments of such Guarantor. Adjusted Maximum Guaranteed Amount means, 
with respect to a Guarantor as of any date of determination, the Maximum 
Guaranteed Amount of such Guarantor, determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 1(b); provided that, solely for purposes of 
calculating the Adjusted Maximum Guaranteed Amount with respect to any 
Guarantor for purposes of this Section 1(c), any assets or liabilities 
arising by virtue of any rights to subrogation, reimbursement or indemnity 
or any rights to or obligations of contribution
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
hereunder shall not be considered as assets or liabilities of such 
Guarantor. Aggregate Payments means, with respect to a Guarantor as of 
any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all payments and 
distributions made on or before such date by such Guarantor in respect of 
this Guaranty (including, without limitation, in respect of this Section 
1(c)). The amounts payable as contributions hereunder shall be determined 
as of the date on which the related payment or distribution is made by the 
applicable Funding Guarantor. Each Funding Guarantors right of 
contribution under this Section 1(c) shall be subject to the provisions of 
Section 4. The allocation among Guarantors of their obligations as set 
forth in this Section 1(c) shall not be construed in any way to limit the 
liability of any Guarantor hereunder to the Guaranteed Parties.

(d)    The guaranty of each Guarantor set forth in this Section 1 is a 
guaranty of payment as a primary obligor, and not a guaranty of collection. 
Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Guaranteed 
Obligations, at any time and from time to time, may exceed the Maximum 
Guaranteed Amount of such Guarantor and may exceed the aggregate of the 
Maximum Guaranteed Amounts of all Guarantors, in each case without 
discharging, limiting or otherwise affecting the obligations of any 
Guarantor hereunder or the rights, powers and remedies of any Guaranteed 
Party hereunder or under any other Credit Document.

(e)    Each Qualified ECP hereby jointly and severally absolutely, 
unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other 
support as may be needed from time to time by each Guarantor to honor all 
of its obligations under this Guaranty in respect of Swap Obligations; 
provided, however, that each Qualified ECP shall only be liable under this 
Section 1(e) for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby 
incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 1(e), or 
otherwise under this Guaranty, voidable under applicable law relating to 
fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater 
amount. The obligations of each Qualified ECP under this Section 1(e) 
shall remain in full force and effect until satisfaction of all of the 
Termination Requirements (as defined in Section 2(ix)). Each Qualified ECP 
intends that this Section 1(e) constitute, and this Section 1(e) shall be 
deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the 
benefit of each Guarantor for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of 
the Commodity Exchange Act. Qualified ECP  means, in respect of any Swap 
Obligation, each Credit Party that is party hereto and (i) has total assets 
exceeding $10,000,000 at the time the relevant guarantee or grant of the 
relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap 
Obligation or (ii) otherwise constitutes an eligible contract participant 
under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder 
and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract 
participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 
1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

2.    Guaranty Absolute. Each Guarantor agrees that its obligations 
hereunder and under the other Credit Documents to which it is a party are 
irrevocable, absolute and unconditional, are independent of the Guaranteed 
Obligations and any Collateral or other security therefor or other guaranty 
or liability in respect thereof, whether given by such Guarantor or any 
other Person, and shall not be discharged, limited or otherwise affected by 
reason of any of the following, whether or not such Guarantor has notice or 
knowledge thereof:

(i)    any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any 
other term of, any Guaranteed Obligations or any guaranty or other 
liability in respect thereof, or any amendment, modification or supplement 
to, restatement of, or consent to any rescission or waiver of or departure 
from, any provisions of the Credit Agreement, any other Credit Document or 
any agreement or instrument delivered pursuant to any of the foregoing;
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii)    the invalidity or unenforceability of any Guaranteed Obligations, 
any guaranty or other liability in respect thereof or any provisions of the 
Credit Agreement, any other Credit Document or any agreement or instrument 
delivered pursuant to any of the foregoing;

(iii)    the addition or release of Guarantors hereunder or the taking, 
acceptance or release of other guarantees of any Guaranteed Obligations or 
additional Collateral or other security for any Guaranteed Obligations or 
for any guaranty or other liability in respect thereof;

(iv)    any discharge, modification, settlement, compromise or other action 
in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations or any guaranty or other liability 
in respect thereof, including any acceptance or refusal of any offer or 
performance with respect to the same or the subordination of the same to 
the payment of any other obligations;

(v)    any agreement not to pursue or enforce or any failure to pursue or 
enforce (whether voluntarily or involuntarily as a result of operation of 
law, court order or otherwise) any right or remedy in respect of any 
Guaranteed Obligations, any guaranty or other liability in respect thereof 
or any Collateral or other security for any of the foregoing; any sale, 
exchange, release, substitution, compromise or other action in respect of 
any such Collateral or other security; or any failure to create, protect, 
perfect, secure, insure, continue or maintain any Liens in any such 
Collateral or other security;

(vi)    the exercise of any right or remedy available under the Credit 
Documents, at law, in equity or otherwise in respect of any Collateral or 
other security for any Guaranteed Obligations or for any guaranty or other 
liability in respect thereof, in any order and by any manner thereby 
permitted, including, without limitation, foreclosure on any such 
Collateral or other security by any manner of sale thereby permitted, 
whether or not every aspect of such sale is commercially reasonable;

(vii)    any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation, 
insolvency, dissolution, termination, reorganization or like change in the 
corporate structure or existence of the Borrowers or any other Person 
directly or indirectly liable for any Guaranteed Obligations;

(viii)    any manner of application of any payments by or amounts received 
or collected from any Person, by whomsoever paid and howsoever realized, 
whether in reduction of any Guaranteed Obligations or any other obligations 
of the Borrowers or any other Person directly or indirectly liable for any 
Guaranteed Obligations, regardless of what Guaranteed Obligations may 
remain unpaid after any such application; or
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ix)    any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a legal or 
equitable discharge of, or a defense, setoff or counterclaim available to, 
the Borrowers, any Guarantor or a surety or guarantor generally, other than 
the occurrence of all of the following: (A) the payment in full in cash of 
the Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent and indemnification 
obligations not then due and payable and other than Obligations described 
in the following clause (C), except as expressly set forth therein), (B) 
the termination of the Commitments and the termination or expiration of all 
Letters of Credit under the Credit Agreement, and (C) the termination of, 
and settlement of all obligations of the Borrowers under, each Permitted 
Hedge Agreement to which any Hedge Party is a party and each Guaranteed 
Cash Management Agreement to which any Cash Management Bank is a party to 
the extent the terms of such Permitted Hedge Agreements and Cash Management 
Agreements require the termination thereof or settlement of the obligations 
of any Consolidated Entity thereunder as a result of the termination of the 
Credit Agreement (the events in clauses (A), (B) and (C) above, 
collectively, the Termination Requirements).

3.    Certain Waivers. Each Guarantor hereby knowingly, voluntarily and 
expressly waives:

(i)    presentment, demand for payment, demand for performance, protest and 
notice of any other kind, including, without limitation, notice of 
nonpayment or other nonperformance (including notice of default under any 
Credit Document with respect to any Guaranteed Obligations), protest, 
dishonor, acceptance hereof, extension of additional credit to the 
Borrowers and of any of the matters referred to in Section 2 and of any 
rights to consent thereto;

(ii)    any right to require the Guaranteed Parties or any of them, as a 
condition of payment or performance by such Guarantor hereunder, to proceed 
against, or to exhaust or have resort to any Collateral or other security 
from or any deposit balance or other credit in favor of, the Borrowers, any 
other Guarantor or any other Person directly or indirectly liable for any 
Guaranteed Obligations, or to pursue any other remedy or enforce any other 
right; and any other defense based on an election of remedies with respect 
to any Collateral or other security for any Guaranteed Obligations or for 
any guaranty or other liability in respect thereof, notwithstanding that 
any such election (including any failure to pursue or enforce any rights or 
remedies) may impair or extinguish any right of indemnification, 
contribution, reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any 
Guarantor against the Borrowers, any other Guarantor or any other Person 
directly or indirectly liable for any Guaranteed Obligations or any such 
Collateral or other security;

(iii)    any right or defense based on or arising by reason of any right or 
defense of the Borrowers or any other Person, including, without 
limitation, any defense based on or arising from a lack of authority or 
other disability of the Borrowers or any other Person, the invalidity or 
unenforceability of any Guaranteed Obligations, any Collateral or other 
security therefor or any Credit Document or other agreement or instrument 
delivered pursuant thereto, or the cessation of the liability of the 
Borrowers for any reason other than the satisfaction of the Termination 
Requirements;
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv)    any defense based on any Guaranteed Partys acts or omissions in 
the administration of the Guaranteed Obligations, any guaranty or other 
liability in respect thereof or any Collateral or other security for any of 
the foregoing, and promptness, diligence or any requirement that any 
Guaranteed Party create, protect, perfect, secure, insure, continue or 
maintain any Liens in any such Collateral or other security;

(v)    any right to assert against any Guaranteed Party, as a defense, 
counterclaim, crossclaim or setoff, any defense, counterclaim, claim, right 
of recoupment or setoff that it may at any time have against any Guaranteed 
Party (including, without limitation, failure of consideration, fraud, 
fraudulent inducement, statute of limitations, payment, accord and 
satisfaction and usury), other than compulsory counterclaims and other than 
the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations; and

(vi)    any defense based on or afforded by any applicable law that limits 
the liability of or exonerates guarantors or sureties or that may in any 
other way conflict with the terms of this Guaranty.

4.    No Subrogation. Each Guarantor hereby waives, and agrees that it will 
not exercise or seek to exercise, any claim or right that it may have 
against the Borrowers or any other Guarantor at any time as a result of any 
payment made under or in connection with this Guaranty or the performance 
or enforcement hereof, including any right of subrogation to the rights of 
any of the Guaranteed Parties against any Borrower or any other Guarantor, 
any right of indemnity, contribution or reimbursement against the Borrowers 
or any other Guarantor (including rights of contribution as set forth in 
Section 1(c)), any right to enforce any remedies of any Guaranteed Party 
against the Borrowers or any other Guarantor, or any benefit of, or any 
right to participate in, any Collateral or other security held by any 
Guaranteed Party to secure payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, in each 
case whether such claims or rights arise by contract, statute (including 
without limitation the Bankruptcy Code), common law or otherwise; provided
, however, that each Guarantor may enforce the rights of contribution set 
forth in Section 1(c) after satisfaction of the Termination Requirements. 
Each Guarantor further agrees that all indebtedness and other obligations, 
whether now or hereafter existing, of any Credit Party to such Guarantor, 
including, without limitation, any such indebtedness in any proceeding 
under the Bankruptcy Code and any intercompany receivables, together with 
any interest thereon, shall be, and hereby are, subordinated and made 
junior in right of payment to the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor 
further agrees that if any amount shall be paid to or any distribution 
received by any Guarantor (i) on account of any such indebtedness at any 
time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of 
Default, or (ii) on account of any rights of contribution at any time prior 
to the satisfaction of the Termination Requirements, such amount or 
distribution shall be deemed to have been received and to be held in trust 
for the benefit of the Guaranteed Parties, and shall forthwith be delivered 
to the Administrative Agent in the form received (with any necessary 
endorsements in the case of written instruments), to be applied against the 
Guaranteed Obligations, whether or not matured, in accordance with the 
terms of the applicable Credit Documents and without in any way 
discharging, limiting or otherwise affecting the liability of such 
Guarantor under any other provision of this Guaranty. Additionally, in the 
event any of the Borrowers or any other Consolidated Entity becomes a 
debtor within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code, the Administrative 
Agent shall be entitled, at its option, on behalf of the Guaranteed Parties 
and as attorney-in-fact for each Guarantor, and
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
is hereby authorized and appointed by each Guarantor, to file proofs of 
claim on behalf of each relevant Guarantor and vote the rights of each such 
Guarantor in any plan of reorganization, and to demand, sue for, collect 
and receive every payment and distribution on any indebtedness of the 
Borrowers or such Consolidated Entity to any Guarantor in any such 
proceeding, each Guarantor hereby assigning to the Administrative Agent all 
of its rights in respect of any such claim, including the right to receive 
payments and distributions in respect thereof.

5.    Representations and Warranties. Each Guarantor hereby represents and 
warrants to the Guaranteed Parties that, as to itself, all of the 
representations and warranties relating to it contained in the Credit 
Agreement qualified as to materiality are true and correct and those not so 
qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in each case on 
and as of the Closing Date and each Borrowing Date or date of issuance of a 
Letter of Credit with the same effect as if made on and as of such date, 
both immediately before and after giving effect to the Loans to be made or 
Letter of Credit to be issued on such date (except to the extent any such 
representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a 
specific date, in which case such representation or warranty is true and 
correct as of such date).

6.    Financial Condition of Borrowers. Each Guarantor represents that it 
has knowledge of the Borrowers financial condition and affairs and that it 
has adequate means to obtain from the Borrowers on an ongoing basis 
information relating thereto and to the Borrowers ability to pay and 
perform the Guaranteed Obligations, and agrees to assume the responsibility 
for keeping, and to keep, so informed for so long as this Guaranty is in 
effect with respect to such Guarantor. Each Guarantor agrees that the 
Guaranteed Parties shall have no obligation to investigate the financial 
condition or affairs of the Borrowers for the benefit of any Guarantor nor 
to advise any Guarantor of any fact respecting, or any change in, the 
financial condition or affairs of the Borrowers that might become known to 
any Guaranteed Party at any time, whether or not such Guaranteed Party 
knows or believes or has reason to know or believe that any such fact or 
change is unknown to any Guarantor, or might (or does) materially increase 
the risk of any Guarantor as guarantor, or might (or would) affect the 
willingness of any Guarantor to continue as a guarantor of the Guaranteed 
Obligations.


7.    Payments; Application; Setoff.

(a)    Each Guarantor agrees that, upon the failure of any of the Borrowers 
to pay any Guaranteed Obligations when and as the same shall become due 
(whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), and without 
limitation of any other right or remedy that any Guaranteed Party may have 
at law, in equity or otherwise against such Guarantor, such Guarantor will, 
subject to the provisions of Section 1(b), forthwith pay or cause to be 
paid to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Guaranteed 
Parties, an amount equal to the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations then 
due and owing as aforesaid.

(b)    All payments made by each Guarantor hereunder will be made in the 
Currency of the particular underlying Guaranteed Obligation to the 
Administrative Agent, without setoff, counterclaim or other defense and, in 
accordance with the Credit Agreement, free and clear of and without 
deduction for any Taxes, each Guarantor hereby agreeing to comply with and 
be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement in respect of all 
payments made by it hereunder.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    All payments made hereunder shall be applied in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement. For purposes of 
applying amounts in accordance with this Section 7(c), the Administrative 
Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any Guaranteed Party that has entered 
into a Permitted Hedge Agreement or Guaranteed Cash Management Agreement 
for a determination (which such Guaranteed Party agrees to provide or cause 
to be provided upon request of the Administrative Agent) of the outstanding 
Guaranteed Obligations owed to such Guaranteed Party under any such 
Permitted Hedge Agreement or Guaranteed Cash Management Agreement. Unless 
it has actual knowledge (including by way of written notice from any such 
Guaranteed Party) to the contrary, the Administrative Agent, in acting 
hereunder, shall be entitled to assume that no Permitted Hedge Agreements 
or Guaranteed Cash Management Agreement, or Guaranteed Obligations in 
respect thereof, are in existence between any Guaranteed Party and any 
Consolidated Entity. If any Lender or Affiliate thereof that is a party to 
a Permitted Hedge Agreement or Guaranteed Cash Management Agreement (the 
obligations of the applicable Consolidated Entity under which are 
Guaranteed Obligations) ceases to be a Lender or Affiliate thereof, such 
former Lender or Affiliate thereof shall nevertheless continue to be a 
Guaranteed Party hereunder with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations under 
such Permitted Hedge Agreement or Guaranteed Cash Management Agreement.

(d)    In the event that the proceeds of any such sale, disposition or 
realization are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Guaranteed 
Parties are legally entitled, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally 
liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon at the highest 
rate specified in any applicable Credit Document for interest on overdue 
principal or such other rate as shall be fixed by applicable law, together 
with the costs of collection and all other fees, costs and expenses payable 
hereunder.

(e)    Upon and at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance 
of any Event of Default, each Guaranteed Party and each of their respective 
Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and 
all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in 
whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever 
currency) at any time owing by such Guaranteed Party or any such Affiliate 
to or for the credit or the account of any Guarantor against any and all of 
the obligations of such Guarantor now or hereafter existing under this 
Guaranty or any other Credit Document to such Guaranteed Party, 
irrespective of whether or not such Guaranteed Party shall have made any 
demand under this Guaranty or any other Credit Document and although such 
obligations of such Guarantor may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to 
a branch or office of such Guaranteed Party different from the branch or 
office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided 
that, in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right 
of setoff, (i) all amounts so offset shall be paid over immediately to the 
Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement and, pending such 
payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds 
and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the 
Issuing Banks and the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender) and (ii) 
such Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a 
statement describing in reasonable detail the obligations owing to such 
Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights 
of each Guaranteed Party and their respective Affiliates under this 
subsection are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other 
rights of setoff) that such Guaranteed Parties or their respective 
Affiliates may have. Each
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guaranteed Party agrees to notify the Borrowers and the Administrative 
Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the 
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff 
and application.

8.    No Waiver. The rights and remedies of the Guaranteed Parties 
expressly set forth in this Guaranty and the other Credit Documents are 
cumulative and in addition to, and not exclusive of, all other rights and 
remedies available at law, in equity or otherwise. No failure or delay on 
the part of any Guaranteed Party in exercising any right, power or 
privilege shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege preclude any other 
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or 
privilege or be construed to be a waiver of any Default or Event of 
Default. No course of dealing between any of the Guarantors and the 
Guaranteed Parties or their agents or employees shall be effective to 
amend, modify or discharge any provision of this Guaranty or any other 
Credit Document or to constitute a waiver of any Default or Event of 
Default. No notice to or demand upon any Guarantor in any case shall 
entitle such Guarantor or any other Guarantor to any other or further 
notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver 
of the right of any Guaranteed Party to exercise any right or remedy or 
take any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or 
demand.

9.    Enforcement. The Guaranteed Parties agree that, except as provided in 
Section 7(e), this Guaranty may be enforced only by the Administrative 
Agent, acting upon the instructions or with the consent of the Required 
Lenders as provided for in the Credit Agreement, and that no Guaranteed 
Party shall have any right individually to enforce or seek to enforce this 
Guaranty or to realize upon any Collateral or other security given to 
secure the payment and performance of the Guarantors obligations 
hereunder. The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are independent of 
the Guaranteed Obligations, and a separate action or actions may be brought 
against each Guarantor whether or not action is brought against any of the 
Borrowers or any other Guarantor and whether or not any of the Borrowers or 
any other Guarantor is joined in any such action. Each Guarantor agrees 
that to the extent all or part of any payment of the Guaranteed Obligations 
made by any Person is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent 
or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid by or on behalf of any 
Guaranteed Party to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any Debtor 
Relief Laws (the amount of any such payment, a Reclaimed Amount), then, 
to the extent of such Reclaimed Amount, this Guaranty shall continue in 
full force and effect or be revived and reinstated, as the case may be, as 
to the Guaranteed Obligations intended to be satisfied as if such payment 
had not been received; and each Guarantor acknowledges that the term 
Guaranteed Obligations includes all Reclaimed Amounts that may arise from 
time to time.

10.    Amendments, Waivers, etc. No amendment, modification, waiver, 
discharge or termination of, or consent to any departure by any party 
hereto from, any provision of this Guaranty, shall be effective unless in a 
writing signed by the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent and such of the 
Lenders as may be required under the provisions of the Credit Agreement to 
concur in the action then being taken, and then the same shall be effective 
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11.    Addition, Release of Guarantors. Each Guarantor recognizes that the 
provisions of the Credit Agreement require Persons that become Material 
U.S. Subsidiaries of Crawford and that are not already parties hereto to 
become Guarantors hereunder by executing a Guarantor Accession, and agrees 
that its obligations hereunder shall not be discharged, limited or 
otherwise affected by reason of the same, or by reason of the 
Administrative Agents actions in effecting the same or in releasing any 
Guarantor hereunder, in each case without the necessity of giving notice to 
or obtaining the consent of any other Guarantor.

12.    Continuing Guaranty; Term; Successors and Assigns; Assignment; 
Survival. This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and covers all of the 
Guaranteed Obligations as the same may arise and be outstanding at any time 
and from time to time from and after the date hereof, and shall (i) remain 
in full force and effect until satisfaction of all of the Termination 
Requirements (provided that the provisions of Sections 1(a)(ii) shall 
survive any termination of this Guaranty), (ii) be binding upon and 
enforceable against each Guarantor and its successors and assigns (
provided, however, that no Guarantor may sell, assign or transfer any of 
its rights, interests, duties or obligations hereunder without the prior 
written consent of the Lenders or except pursuant to a transaction 
permitted under Section 8.1 of the Credit Agreement) and (iii) inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by each Guaranteed Party and its successors 
and assigns. Without limiting the generality of clause (iii) above, any 
Guaranteed Party may, in accordance with the provisions of the Credit 
Agreement, assign all or a portion of the Guaranteed Obligations held by it 
(including by the sale of participations), whereupon each Person that 
becomes the holder of any such Guaranteed Obligations shall (except as may 
be otherwise agreed between such Guaranteed Party and such Person) have and 
may exercise all of the rights and benefits in respect thereof granted to 
such Guaranteed Party under this Guaranty or otherwise. Each Guarantor 
hereby irrevocably waives notice of and consents in advance to the 
assignment as provided above from time to time by any Guaranteed Party of 
all or any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations held by it and of the 
corresponding rights and interests of such Guaranteed Party hereunder in 
connection therewith. All representations, warranties, covenants and 
agreements herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Guaranty 
and any Guarantor Accession.

13.    Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Appointment of Borrowers as 
Representative, Process Agent, Attorney-in-Fact.

(a)    This Guaranty shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (including Sections 
5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law, but excluding 
all other choice of law and conflicts of law rules).

(b)    Each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will 
not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or 
description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or 
otherwise, against the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank 
or any Related Party of any of the foregoing in any way relating to this 
Guaranty or any other Credit Document or the transactions relating hereto 
or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York 
sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the 
Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, 
and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to 
the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of 
any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in 
such state court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in 
such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment 
in any such action,
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other 
jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by 
law. Nothing in this Guaranty or in any other Credit Document shall affect 
any right that the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may 
otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Guaranty 
or any other Credit Document against any Credit Party or its properties in 
the courts of any jurisdiction.

(c)    Each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection that it may now 
or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding 
arising out of or relating to this Guaranty or any other Credit Document in 
any court referred to in Section 13(b). Each of the parties hereto hereby 
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the 
defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or 
proceeding in any such court.

(d)    Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Crawford 
as its designee, appointee and agent to receive on its behalf all service 
of process in any such action or proceeding and any other notice or 
communication hereunder, irrevocably consents to service of process in any 
such action or proceeding by registered or certified mail directed to any 
of the Borrowers at its address set forth in the Credit Agreement (and 
service so made shall be deemed to be completed upon the earlier of actual 
receipt thereof or three Business Days after deposit in the United States 
mails, proper postage prepaid and properly addressed), and irrevocably 
agrees that service so made shall be effective and binding upon such 
Guarantor in every respect and that any other notice or communication given 
to Crawford at the address and in the manner specified herein shall be 
effective notice to such Guarantor. Nothing in this Section 13(d) shall 
affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner 
permitted by law or affect the right of any Guaranteed Party to bring any 
action or proceeding against any Guarantor in the courts of any other 
jurisdiction.

(e)    Further, each Guarantor does hereby irrevocably make, constitute and 
appoint Crawford as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full 
authority in its place and stead and in its name, Crawfords name or 
otherwise, and with full power of substitution in the premises, from time 
to time in Crawfords discretion to agree on behalf of, and sign the name 
of, such Guarantor to any amendment, modification or supplement to, 
restatement of, or waiver or consent in connection with, this Guaranty, any 
other Credit Document or any document or instrument pursuant hereto or 
thereto, and to take any other action and do all other things on behalf of 
such Guarantor that Crawford may deem necessary or advisable to carry out 
and accomplish the purposes of this Guaranty and the other Credit 
Documents. Crawford will not be liable for any act or omission nor for any 
error of judgment or mistake of fact unless the same shall occur as a 
result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Crawford. This 
power, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable by any Guarantor for 
so long as this Guaranty shall be in effect with respect to such Guarantor. 
By its signature hereto, Crawford consents to its appointment as provided 
for herein and agrees promptly to distribute all process, notices and other 
communications to each Guarantor.

14.    Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO 
A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT 
OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CREDIT DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER 
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) 
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS 
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN 
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO 
ENTER INTO THIS GUARANTY AND THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER 
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

15.    Notices. All notices and other communications provided for herein 
shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier 
service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or 
email as follows: (i) if to any Guarantor, in care of Crawford and at its 
address for notices set forth in the Credit Agreement, and (ii) if to any 
Guaranteed Party, at its address for notices set forth in the Credit 
Agreement; in each case, as such addresses may be changed from time to time 
pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and with copies to such other Persons as 
may be specified under the provisions of the Credit Agreement. Notices sent 
by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered 
mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by 
facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not 
given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to 
have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the 
recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the 
extent provided in the Credit Agreement shall be effective as provided 
therein.

16.    Severability. To the extent any provision of this Guaranty is 
prohibited by or invalid under the applicable law of any jurisdiction, such 
provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or 
invalidity and only in such jurisdiction, without prohibiting or 
invalidating such provision in any other jurisdiction or the remaining 
provisions of this Guaranty in any jurisdiction.

17.    Construction. The headings of the various sections and subsections 
of this Guaranty have been inserted for convenience only and shall not in 
any way affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, words in the singular include the 
plural and words in the plural include the singular.

18.    Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Guaranty may be executed in any 
number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate 
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an 
original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Guaranty shall become effective, as to any Guarantor, upon 
the execution and delivery by such Guarantor of a counterpart hereof or a 
Guarantor Accession. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature 
page of this Guaranty by facsimile or in electronic format (e.g., pdf or 
tif file format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed 
counterpart of this Guaranty.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19.    Amendment and Restatement of Existing Guaranty. This Guaranty shall 
amend and restate the Existing Guaranty. Each Guarantor intends that this 
Guaranty shall not cause a novation of the obligations of such Guarantor 
under the Existing Guaranty, nor shall it extinguish, terminate or impair 
the obligations or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent under 
the Existing Guaranty, or any other Credit Document, which shall continue 
in full force and effect in favor of the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Existing Guaranty shall 
continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof 
on the date hereof, and each Guarantor ratifies and reaffirms the guarantee 
of the Guaranteed Obligations by such Guarantor in favor of the 
Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. Any reference to the 
Existing Guaranty herein (including in relation to any amounts guaranteed 
by this Guaranty) shall refer to this Guaranty, as amended and restated.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Guaranty to be executed 
under seal by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above 
written.
 
CRAWFORD & COMPANY
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Senior Vice President  Treasurer and Chief Risk Officer
CRAWFORD & COMPANY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
CRAWFORD & COMPANY EMEA / A-P HOLDINGS LIMITED
By: 	  	
/s/ Stephen David Pearsall
Name: 	  	Stephen David Pearsall
Title: 	  	Director
CRAWFORD & COMPANY ADJUSTERS LIMITED
By: 	  	
/s/ Stephen David Pearsall
Name: 	  	Stephen David Pearsall
Title: 	  	Director
GARDEN CITY GROUP, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
 
Signature Page to Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CRAWFORD LEASING SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
RISK SCIENCES GROUP, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
BROADSPIRE SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
BROADSPIRE INSURANCE SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
BROADSPIRE DISABILITY SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
SETTLEMENT SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	President
 
Signature Page to Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
WEGOLOOK, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
CRAWFORD INNOVATIVE VENTURES, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Joseph R. Caporaso
Name: 	  	Joseph R. Caporaso
Title: 	  	Treasurer
 
Signature Page to Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accepted and agreed to:
 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Administrative Agent
By: 	  	
/s/ Lex Mayers
Name: 	  	Lex Mayers
Title: 	  	SVP
 
Signature Page to Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Version

EXHIBIT A

GUARANTOR ACCESSION

THIS GUARANTOR ACCESSION (this Accession), dated as of                    
 ,                     , is executed and delivered by [NAME OF NEW 
GUARANTOR], a                     corporation (the New Guarantor), 
pursuant to the Guaranty Agreement referred to hereinbelow.

Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of 
[            ], 2017, among CRAWFORD & COMPANY, a Georgia corporation (
Crawford), CRAWFORD & COMPANY RISK SERVICES INVESTMENTS LIMITED, a limited 
company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered 
number 02855446 (the UK Borrower), CRAWFORD & COMPANY (CANADA) INC., a 
corporation incorporated under the laws of Canada (the Canadian Borrower
) and CRAWFORD & COMPANY (AUSTRALIA) PTY. LTD., a proprietary limited 
company organized in Australia (ACN 002 317 133) (the Australian Borrower
 and, together with Crawford, the UK Borrower and the Canadian Borrower, 
the Borrowers), the lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and 
the other Persons party thereto (as amended, modified, restated or 
supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement). In connection with 
and as a condition to the initial and continued extensions of credit under 
the Credit Agreement, certain Subsidiaries of Crawford have executed and 
delivered an Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated as of [         
   ], 2017 (as amended, modified, restated or supplemented from time to 
time, the Guaranty Agreement), pursuant to which each such Subsidiary 
has guaranteed the payment in full of the obligations of each Borrower 
under the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents (as defined in 
the Credit Agreement). Capitalized terms used herein without definition 
shall have the meanings given to them in the Guaranty Agreement.

Each Borrower has agreed under the Credit Agreement to cause each of its 
future Material U.S. Subsidiaries to become a party to the Guaranty 
Agreement as a guarantor thereunder. The New Guarantor is a Material U.S. 
Subsidiary of Crawford, or Crawford has determined New Guarantor should 
become a party to the Guaranty Agreement as a guarantor. The New Guarantor 
will obtain benefits as a result of the continued extension of credit to 
each Borrower under the Credit Agreement, which benefits are hereby 
acknowledged, and, accordingly, desire to execute and deliver this 
Accession. Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, and to induce the Lenders to continue to extend credit to 
each Borrower under the Credit Agreement, the New Guarantor hereby agrees 
as follows:

1.    The New Guarantor hereby joins in and agrees to be bound by each and 
all of the provisions of the Guaranty Agreement as a Guarantor thereunder. 
In furtherance (and without limitation) of the foregoing, pursuant to 
Section 1 of the Guaranty Agreement, the New Guarantor hereby irrevocably, 
absolutely and unconditionally, and jointly and severally with each other 
Guarantor, guarantees to the Guaranteed Parties the full and prompt 
payment, at any time and from time to time as and when due (whether at the 
stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), of all of the Guaranteed 
Obligations, and agrees to pay or reimburse upon demand all other 
obligations of the Guarantors under the Guaranty Agreement, all on the 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Guaranty Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.    The New Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that after giving 
effect to this Accession, each representation and warranty related to it 
contained in the Credit Agreement qualified as to materiality is true an 
correct and those not so qualified are true and correct in all material 
respects, in each case on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as 
if made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such 
representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a 
specific date, in which case such representation or warranty is true and 
correct as of such date).

3.    This Accession shall be a Credit Document (within the meaning of such 
term under the Credit Agreement), shall be binding upon and enforceable 
against the New Guarantor and its successors and assigns, and shall inure 
to the benefit of and be enforceable by each Guaranteed Party and its 
successors and assigns. This Accession and its attachments are hereby 
incorporated into the Guaranty Agreement and made a part thereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Guarantor has caused this Accession to be 
executed under seal by its duly authorized officer as of the date first 
above written.
 
[NAME OF NEW GUARANTOR]
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
 
2