 EX-10.1 3 d317908dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
383 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10179

February 13, 2017

Integrated Device Technology, Inc.
6024 Silver Creek Valley Road
San Jose, California 95138

Attention: Brian White, Chief Financial Officer


Project Glider
Commitment Letter

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Integrated Device Technology, Inc. (you or the Borrower) has advised 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB, the Commitment Party, we or us) 
that you intend to acquire (the Acquisition) an entity identified to us 
as Glider (Glider or the Target; the Target collectively with its 
subsidiaries, the Acquired Business). The Acquisition will be effected 
through (i) the purchase of shares of common stock of the Target by a newly 
formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the Borrower (Merger Sub) in the Offer 
(as defined in the Acquisition Agreement (as defined below)) and (ii) 
promptly following the Acceptance Time (as defined in the Acquisition 
Agreement), the merger (the Merger) of Merger Sub with and into the 
Target pursuant to Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the 
State of Delaware, with the Target surviving the Merger as your direct or 
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary (the date of consummation of the Merger, 
the Merger Closing Date). In connection with the Acquisition, the Company 
Debt (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement) of the Acquired Business 
will be repaid in full, all commitments related thereto will be terminated 
and the security interests with respect thereto will be released (the 
Refinancing). The Borrower, the Acquired Business and their respective 
subsidiaries are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the 
Companies.

You have also advised us that in connection with the Acquisition you intend 
to incur an aggregate principal amount of $200.0 million of senior secured 
term B loans (the Term B Loan Facility). The Acquisition, the 
Refinancing, the entering into and funding of the Term B Loan Facility and 
all related transactions (including the payment of fees and expenses in 
connection therewith) are hereinafter collectively referred to as the 
Transactions. The date of the consummation of the Merger and funding of 
the Term B Loan Facility is referred to herein as the Closing Date.

1. Commitments. In connection with the foregoing, (a) JPMCB is pleased to 
advise you of its commitment to provide 100% of the principal amount of the 
Term B Loan Facility (in such capacity, the Initial Lender), subject only 
to the conditions set forth in paragraph 5 hereto; and (b) JPMCB is pleased 
to advise you of its willingness, and you hereby engage JPMCB to act as the 
sole lead arranger and sole bookrunning manager (in such capacities, the 
Lead Arranger) for the Term B Loan Facility, and in connection therewith 
to form a syndicate of lenders for the Term B Loan Facility (collectively, 
the Lenders), in consultation with you and reasonably acceptable to you. 
It is understood and agreed that (x) JPMCB shall act as administrative 
agent for the Term B Loan Facility (in such capacity, the Administrative 
Agent) and (y) JPMCB may perform its responsibilities hereunder as a Lead 
Arranger through its affiliate, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained herein, the commitment of the Initial 
Lender with respect to the initial fundings of the Term B Loan Facility 
will be subject only to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Initial Lender) 
of the conditions precedent set forth in paragraph 5 hereof. All 
capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same 
meanings as specified therefor in Annexes I and II hereto (the Summary of 
Terms).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
You agree that no other agents, co-agents, arrangers or bookrunners will be 
appointed, no other titles will be awarded and no compensation (other than 
compensation expressly contemplated by this Commitment Letter and the Fee 
Letter referred to below) will be paid to any Lender expressly in order to 
obtain its commitment to participate in the Term B Loan Facility unless you 
and we shall so agree.

2. Syndication. The Lead Arranger intends to commence syndication of the 
Term B Loan Facility promptly after your acceptance of the terms of this 
Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter (as hereinafter defined); provided 
that we agree not to syndicate our commitments to certain banks, financial 
institutions and other institutional lenders and any competitors of the 
Companies, in each case, that have been specified to us by you in writing 
prior to the date hereof (collectively, Primary Disqualified Lenders) or 
Known Affiliates (as defined below) of any Primary Disqualified Lenders 
(the Primary Disqualified Lenders, together with the Known Affiliates, are 
hereinafter referred to as Disqualified Lenders); provided, further, that 
you, upon reasonable notice to us after the date hereof and prior to the 
launch of general syndication (or to the Administrative Agent after the 
Closing Date), shall be permitted to supplement in writing the list of 
persons that are Disqualified Lenders to the extent such supplemented 
person is or becomes a competitor or a Known Affiliate of a competitor of 
the Companies, which supplement shall be in the form of a list provided to 
us (or the Administrative Agent) and become effective 3 business days after 
delivery to us (or the Administrative Agent), but which supplement shall 
not apply retroactively to disqualify any parties that have previously 
acquired an assignment or participated or is party to a pending trade under 
the Term B Loan Facility at the time such designation would otherwise 
become effective. As used herein, Known Affiliates of any person means, 
as to such person, known affiliates readily identifiable solely on the 
basis of the similarly of its name, but excluding any affiliate that is a 
bona fide debt fund or investment vehicle that is primarily engaged in, or 
that advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, 
making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, 
bonds or similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course 
and with respect to which a Primary Disqualified Lender does not, directly 
or indirectly, possess the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
investment policies of such person. Without limiting your obligations to 
assist with syndication efforts as set forth herein, it is understood that 
the Initial Lenders commitment hereunder is not conditioned upon the 
syndication of, or receipt of commitments or participations in respect of, 
the Term B Loan Facility and in no event shall the commencement or 
successful completion of syndication of the Term B Loan Facility constitute 
a condition to the availability of the Term B Loan Facility on the Closing 
Date. You agree, until the Syndication Date (as hereinafter defined), to 
actively assist, and, to the extent provided for in the Acquisition 
Agreement, to use your commercially reasonable efforts to cause the 
Acquired Business to actively assist, the Lead Arranger in achieving a 
syndication of the Term B Loan Facility that is reasonably satisfactory to 
the Lead Arranger and you; provided that, notwithstanding the Lead 
Arrangers right to syndicate the Term B Loan Facility and receive 
commitments with respect thereto, it is agreed that (i) syndication of, or 
receipt of commitments or participations in respect of, all or any portion 
of the Initial Lenders commitment hereunder prior to the date of the 
consummation of the Acquisition and the date of the initial funding under 
the Term B Loan Facility shall not be a condition to the Initial Lenders 
commitment and (ii) (a) except as you in your sole discretion may otherwise 
agree in writing, the Initial Lender shall not be relieved, released or 
novated from its obligations hereunder (including its obligation to fund 
the Term B Loan Facility on the Closing Date) in connection with any 
syndication, assignment or participation of the Term B Loan Facility,
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
including its commitment in respect thereof, until after the initial 
funding of the Term B Loan Facility has occurred; (b) no assignment or 
novation shall become effective with respect to all or any portion of the 
Initial Lenders commitment in respect of the Term B Loan Facility until 
after the initial funding of all of the Term B Loan Facility; and (c) the 
Initial Lender shall retain exclusive control over all rights and 
obligations with respect to its commitment in respect of the Term B Loan 
Facility, including all rights with respect to consents, modifications, 
supplements, waivers and amendments, until the Closing Date has occurred 
and the initial funding under the Term B Loan Facility has been made. Such 
assistance shall include (a) your providing and (subject to customary 
non-reliance agreements) using commercially reasonable efforts to cause 
your advisors to provide, and, to the extent provided for in the 
Acquisition Agreement, using your commercially reasonable efforts to cause 
the Acquired Business, its subsidiaries and its advisors to provide, the 
Lead Arranger upon request with all customary and reasonably available 
information reasonably deemed necessary by the Lead Arranger to complete 
such syndication, including, but not limited to (x) customary and 
reasonably available information relating to the Transaction as may be 
reasonably requested by us (including the Projections (as hereinafter 
defined) and (y) customary forecasts prepared by management of the Borrower 
of balance sheets, income statements and cash flow statements for each 
fiscal quarter for the first twelve months following the Closing Date and 
for each year commencing with the first fiscal year following the Closing 
Date and for each of the succeeding fiscal years thereafter through the 
fiscal year ended March 31, 2022; (b) your assistance in the preparation of 
a customary information memorandum with respect to the Term B Loan Facility 
(an Information Memorandum) and other customary materials to be used in 
connection with the syndication of the Term B Loan Facility (collectively 
with the Summary of Terms and any additional summary of terms prepared for 
distribution to Lenders, the Information Materials); (c) your using 
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the syndication efforts of 
the Lead Arranger benefits from your existing lending relationships, if 
any, and, to the extent provided for in the Acquisition Agreement, the 
existing banking relationships of the Acquired Business; (d) your using 
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, prior to the launch of 
syndication of the Term B Loan Facility, monitored public corporate credit 
or family ratings (but not any specific rating) for you after giving effect 
to the Transaction and ratings of the Term B Loan Facility from Moodys 
Investors Service, Inc. (Moodys) and Standard & Poors Ratings Group, a 
Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC business (S&P) (collectively, 
the Ratings); (e) until the later of the Syndication Date and the Closing 
Date, your ensuring, and with respect to the Acquired Business, using your 
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure, to the extent not in 
contravention of the Acquisition Agreement, that none of the Companies 
shall syndicate or issue, attempt to syndicate or issue, or announce or 
authorize the announcement of the syndication or issuance of, any debt of 
the Companies (other than the Term B Loan Facility), in each case, that 
would materially and adversely affect the primary syndication of the Term B 
Loan Facility without the prior written consent (not to be unreasonably 
withheld) of the Lead Arranger (it being understood that borrowings under 
ordinary course short term working capital facilities and ordinary course 
capital lease, purchase money and equipment financings of any of the 
Companies, other indebtedness of the Acquired Business permitted to be 
outstanding or issued under the Acquisition Agreement and indebtedness 
incurred following the Closing Date to refinance indebtedness under the 
Term B Loan Facility shall be permitted; and (f) your making appropriate 
officers of you, and, to the extent provided for in the Acquisition 
Agreement, using your commercially reasonable efforts to make the 
appropriate officers of the Acquired Business, available from time to time 
upon reasonable advance notice to attend and make presentations regarding 
the business and prospects of the Companies and the Transaction at a 
reasonable number of meetings of prospective Lenders at mutually agreed 
upon times and locations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letter or any other letter 
agreement or undertaking concerning the financing of the Transaction to the 
contrary, neither the obtaining of the Ratings referenced above nor the 
compliance with any of the other provisions set forth in clauses (a) 
through (f) above or any other provision of this paragraph shall constitute 
a condition to the commitments hereunder or the funding of the Term B Loan 
Facility on the Closing Date. Your obligations under the Commitment Letter 
and Fee Letter to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Acquired 
Business or its management to take (or to refrain from taking) any action 
will not require you to take any action that is in contravention of, or 
terminate, the terms of the Acquisition Agreement.
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
It is understood and agreed that the Lead Arranger will manage and control 
all aspects of the syndication of the Term B Loan Facility in consultation 
with you, including any titles offered to prospective Lenders (subject to 
your consent rights set forth herein and your rights of appointment set 
forth in paragraph 1 and excluding Disqualified Lenders), when commitments 
will be accepted, the final allocations of the commitments among the 
Lenders and the amount and distribution of the fees among the Lenders. It 
is further understood that the Initial Lenders commitment hereunder is not 
conditioned upon the syndication of, or receipt of commitments in respect 
of, the Term B Loan Facility and in no event shall the commencement or 
successful completion of syndication of the Term B Loan Facility constitute 
a condition to the availability of the Term B Loan Facility on the Closing 
Date.

3. Information Requirements. You hereby represent and warrant (prior to the 
Closing Date, with respect to Information relating to the Acquired 
Business, to your knowledge) that (a) all written factual information, 
other than Projections (as defined below), budgets, estimates and other 
forward-looking information or information of a general economic or 
industry nature, that has been or is hereafter made available to the Lead 
Arranger or any of the Lenders by or on behalf of you or any of your 
representatives in connection with any aspect of the Transaction 
(including, prior to the Closing Date, such information, to your knowledge, 
relating to the Acquired Business) (the Information) is and will be 
correct when taken as a whole, in all material respects, and does not and 
will not, taken as a whole, contain any untrue statement of a fact or omit 
to state a fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in the 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially 
misleading (in each case, after giving effect to all supplements and 
updates with respect thereto) and (b) all financial projections concerning 
the Companies that have been or are hereafter made available to the Lead 
Arranger or any of the Lenders by or on behalf of you or any of your 
representatives (the Projections) (prior to the Closing Date, to your 
knowledge, in the case of Projections provided by the Acquired Business) 
have been or will be prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed 
by you to be reasonable at the time provided (it being understood and 
agreed that the Projections are as to future events and are not to be 
viewed as facts or a guarantee of performance or achievement, that the 
Projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, 
many of which are beyond your control, that no assurance can be given that 
any particular Projections will be realized and that actual results may 
differ from the Projections and such differences may be material). You 
agree that if at any time prior to the later of (a) the earlier of (i) the 
date on which a Successful Syndication (as defined in the Fee Letter) is 
achieved and (ii) 45 days following the Closing Date (the earlier of such 
dates, the Syndication Date) and (b) the Closing Date, you become aware 
that any of the representations in the preceding sentence would be 
incorrect in any material respect if the Information and Projections were 
being furnished, and such representations were being made, at such time, 
then you will promptly supplement, or cause to be supplemented (or in the 
case of Information or Projections relating to the Acquired Business, you 
will promptly notify the Lead Arranger upon becoming aware that any such 
Information or Projections are incorrect in any material respect and, to 
the extent provided for in the Acquisition Agreement, will use commercially 
reasonable efforts to supplement), the Information and Projections so that 
such representations (prior to the Closing Date, to your knowledge, in the 
case of the Acquired Business) will be correct in all material respects at 
such time, it being understood in each case that such supplementation shall 
cure any breach of such representation and warranty. In issuing this 
commitment and in arranging and syndicating the Term B Loan Facility, the 
Commitment Party is and will be using and relying on the Information and 
the Projections without independent verification thereof. For the avoidance 
of doubt, nothing in this paragraph (including the making or supplementing 
of any representations or warranties, Information or Projections) will 
constitute a condition to the availability of the Term B Loan Facility on 
the Closing Date.
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
You acknowledge that (a) the Lead Arranger on your behalf will make 
available, on a confidential basis, Information Materials to the proposed 
syndicate of Lenders by posting the Information Materials on IntraLinks or 
another similar electronic system (the Platform) and (b) certain 
prospective Lenders (such Lenders, Public Lenders; all other Lenders, 
Private Lenders) may have personnel that do not wish to receive material 
non-public information (within the meaning of the United States federal 
securities laws, MNPI) with respect to the Companies, their respective 
affiliates or any other entity, or the respective securities of any of the 
foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related 
activities with respect to such entities securities. If reasonably 
requested, you will assist the Lead Arranger in preparing an additional 
version of the Information Materials not containing MNPI (the Public 
Information Materials) to be distributed to prospective Public Lenders.

Before distribution of any Information Materials (a) to prospective Private 
Lenders, you shall provide the Lead Arranger with a customary letter 
authorizing the dissemination of the Information Materials; and (b) to 
prospective Public Lenders, you shall provide the Lead Arranger with a 
customary letter authorizing the dissemination of the Public Information 
Materials and confirming the absence of MNPI therefrom and, in each case, 
which exculpate the Companies and us and our affiliates with respect to any 
liability related to the use of the contents of the Information Materials 
or related marketing materials by the recipients thereof. In addition, you 
hereby agree that (x) you will use commercially reasonable efforts to 
identify (and, at the reasonable request of the Lead Arranger or the 
Administrative Agent (or its affiliates), shall identify) that portion of 
the Information Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders by 
clearly and conspicuously marking the same as PUBLIC; (y) all Information 
Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a 
portion of the Platform designated Public Investor; and (z) the Lead 
Arranger and the Administrative Agent (and its affiliates) shall be 
entitled to treat any Information Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as 
being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated 
Public Investor.

You agree that, subject to the confidentiality and other provisions of this 
Commitment Letter, the Lead Arranger and the Administrative Agent (and its 
affiliates) on your behalf may distribute the following documents to all 
prospective Lenders, unless you advise the Lead Arranger and Administrative 
Agent in writing (including by email) within a reasonable time prior to 
their intended distributions that such material should only be distributed 
to prospective Private Lenders (provided that such materials have been 
provided to you and your counsel for review a reasonable period of time 
prior thereto): (a) administrative materials for prospective Lenders such 
as lender meeting invitations and funding and closing memoranda, (b) 
notifications of changes to the terms of the Term B Loan Facility and (c) 
drafts approved in writing by you and the Administrative Agent (or its 
affiliates) and final versions of definitive documents with respect to the 
Term B Loan Facility. If you advise the Lead Arranger and the 
Administrative Agent that any of the foregoing items should be distributed 
only to Private Lenders, then the Lead Arranger and the Administrative 
Agent will not distribute such materials to Public Lenders without your 
prior consent. You agree that Information Materials made available to 
prospective Public Lenders in accordance with this Commitment Letter shall 
not contain MNPI.

4. Fees and Indemnities.

(a) You agree to reimburse the Commitment Party from time to time upon 
receipt of a reasonably detailed invoice therefor for all reasonable and 
documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (in the case of fees and 
expenses of counsel, limited to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket 
fees, disbursements and other out-of-pocket expenses of (x) one firm of 
lead counsel to the Commitment Party (it being understood and agreed that 
Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP shall act as counsel to the Commitment Party) 
and (y) one firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction reasonably 
retained by the Administrative Agent) incurred in connection with the Term 
B Loan Facility, the syndication thereof, the preparation of the Credit 
Documentation (as defined below) therefor and the other Transactions 
contemplated hereby, whether or not the Closing Date occurs or any of the 
Credit Documentation is executed and delivered or any extensions of credit 
are made under the Term B Loan Facility; provided that if the Closing Date 
does not occur and no termination fee is paid to you pursuant to Section 
7.2(c) of the Acquisition Agreement or no expense reimbursement is paid to 
you pursuant to Section 7.2(b) of the Acquisition Agreement, the aggregate 
reimbursement by you of such fees and expenses shall not exceed $250,000. 
Such amounts shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the Closing Date or (ii) 
three (3) business days following the termination of this Commitment Letter 
as provided below (the Payment Date), in each case to the extent you have 
received a reasonably detailed invoice at least three (3) business days in 
advance of the Payment Date. You agree to pay (or cause to be paid) the 
fees set forth in the separate fee letter addressed to you dated the date 
hereof from the Commitment Party (the Fee Letter), if and to the extent 
payable. The foregoing provisions in this paragraph shall be superseded in 
each case, to the extent covered thereby, by the applicable provisions 
contained in the Credit Documentation upon execution thereof and thereafter 
shall have no further force and effect.
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) You also agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Commitment Party, 
each other Lender and each of their affiliates, successors and assigns and 
their respective partners, officers, directors, employees, trustees, 
agents, advisors, controlling persons and other representatives involved in 
the Transaction (each, an Indemnified Party) from and against (and will 
reimburse each Indemnified Party within 30 days following written demand 
(accompanied by reasonable back-up therefor)) any and all claims, damages, 
losses, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses 
(including, without limitation, the reasonable and documented fees, 
disbursements and other charges of one firm of counsel for all such 
Indemnified Parties, taken as a whole and, if necessary, by a single firm 
of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a 
single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for all 
such Indemnified Parties, taken as a whole (and, in the case of a conflict 
of interest where the Indemnified Party affected by such conflict notifies 
you of the existence of such conflict and thereafter retains its own 
counsel, by another firm of counsel for all such affected Indemnified 
Parties)) of amounts payable by you pursuant to clause (a) above) that may 
be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in 
each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of (including, 
without limitation, in connection with any investigation, litigation or 
proceeding or preparation of a defense in connection therewith) (a) any 
aspect of the Transactions or (b) the Term B Loan Facility, or any use made 
or proposed to be made with the proceeds thereof, in each case, except to 
the extent such claim, damage, loss, liability or expense (A) is found in a 
final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have 
resulted from such Indemnified Partys or any of its Related Parties gross 
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, (B) is found in a final 
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have 
resulted from a breach of such Indemnified Partys or any of its Related 
Parties obligations hereunder (C) arises from a proceeding by an 
Indemnified Party against an Indemnified Party (or any of their respective 
affiliates or related parties) (other than an action involving (i) conduct 
by you or any of your affiliates or (ii) against an arranger or 
administrative agent in its capacity as such) or (D) resulted from any 
agreement governing any settlement by such Indemnified Party that is 
effective without your prior written consent (which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld). In the case of any claim, litigation, investigation 
or proceeding (any of the foregoing, a Proceeding) to which the indemnity 
in this paragraph applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not 
such Proceeding is brought by you, your equity holders or creditors or an 
Indemnified Party, whether or not an Indemnified Party is otherwise a party 
thereto and whether or not any aspect of the Transaction is consummated. It 
is agreed that none of you (or any of your subsidiaries), the Target (or 
any of its subsidiaries) or any Indemnified Party shall be liable for any 
indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages (including, without 
limitation, any loss of profits, business or anticipated savings) in 
connection with this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter or with respect to 
any activities related to the Term B Loan Facility, including the 
preparation of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter and the Credit 
Documentation; provided that nothing in this sentence shall limit your 
indemnification obligations set forth above. It is further agreed that the 
Commitment Party shall only have liability to you (as opposed to any other 
person), and that the Commitment Party shall be liable solely in respect of 
its own commitment to the Term B Loan Facility and agreements set forth 
herein, on a several, and not joint, basis with any other Lender. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Commitment Letter, no 
Indemnified Party shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by 
others of information or other materials obtained through electronic 
telecommunications or other information transmission systems, other than 
for direct, actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of such Indemnified Party or any of its Related Parties as 
determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction. You shall not, without the prior written consent of an 
Indemnified Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, 
effect any settlement of any pending or threatened Proceeding against an 
Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity could have been sought 
hereunder by such Indemnified Party unless (i) such settlement includes an 
unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability or 
claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding and (ii) does not 
include any statement as to any admission of liability. In case any 
Proceeding is instituted involving any Indemnified Party for which 
indemnification is to be sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, then 
such Indemnified Party will promptly notify you of the commencement of any 
Proceedings. You shall not be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding 
affected without your written consent (which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld). Related Parties means, with respect to the 
Commitment Party, the Commitment Partys affiliates and their respective 
officers, directors, employees, advisors, agents and representatives, in 
each case, providing services in connection with the subject matter of this 
Commitment Letter. The foregoing provisions in this paragraph shall be 
superseded in each case, to the extent covered thereby, by the applicable 
provisions contained in the Credit Documentation upon execution thereof and 
thereafter shall have no further force and effect.
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Conditions to Financing. The commitment of the Initial Lender with 
respect to the initial funding of the Term B Loan Facility is subject 
solely to (a) the satisfaction (or waiver by the Lead Arranger) of each of 
the conditions set forth in Annex II hereto and (b) the execution and 
delivery of customary definitive credit documentation by the Borrower and 
the Guarantors with respect to the Term B Loan Facility consistent with 
this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter and subject in all respects to 
the Funds Certain Provisions and giving effect to the Documentation 
Standard (as defined in Annex I)) (the Credit Documentation) prior to 
such initial funding. There are no conditions (implied or otherwise) to the 
commitments hereunder, and there will be no conditions (implied or 
otherwise) under the Credit Documentation to the funding of the Term B Loan 
Facility on the Closing Date, other than those that are expressly referred 
to in the immediately preceding sentence.

Notwithstanding anything in this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter, the 
Credit Documentation or any other letter agreement or other undertaking 
concerning the financing of the Transaction to the contrary, (a) the Credit 
Documentation shall be in a form such that the terms thereof do not impair 
availability of the Term B Loan Facility on the Closing Date if the 
conditions in this paragraph 5 shall have been satisfied or waived by the 
Lead Arranger (it being understood that to the extent any security interest 
in Collateral (including the creation or perfection of any security 
interest) (other than any Collateral the security interest in which may be 
perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement or the delivery of 
certificates, if any, evidencing equity interests of any material 
wholly-owned domestic subsidiary of the Borrower and the subsidiary 
Guarantors (after giving effect to the Acquisition) that is part of the 
Collateral; provided that stock or membership interest certificates for 
certificated stock for the entities comprising subsidiaries of the Target 
(to the extent required under the terms of Annex II hereto) will, to the 
extent you have used commercially reasonable efforts to obtain them, only 
be required to be delivered on the Closing Date to the extent received from 
the holders thereof prior to the Closing Date)) is not perfected or 
provided on the Closing Date after your use of commercially reasonable 
efforts to do so without undue burden or expense, the provision and 
perfection of such Collateral and security interest shall not constitute a 
condition precedent to the availability of the Term B Loan Facility on the 
Closing Date but shall be required to be perfected not later than 90 days 
(subject to extensions as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent) 
after the Closing Date pursuant to arrangements to be mutually agreed by 
the Borrower and Administrative Agent), and (b) the only representations 
and warranties the making and accuracy of which shall be a condition to the 
availability of the Term B Loan Facility on the Closing Date shall be (x) 
such of the representations made by the Target in the Acquisition Agreement 
as are material to the interests of the Lenders, but only to the extent 
that you (or your affiliate) have the right (taking into account any 
applicable notice and cure provisions) to terminate your (and/or its) 
obligations under the Acquisition Agreement or decline to consummate the 
Acquisition (in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof) as a 
result of a breach of such representations in the Acquisition Agreement (to 
such extent, the Acquisition Agreement Representations) and (y) the 
Specified Representations (as defined below). Specified Representations 
shall mean the representations and warranties of the Borrower and 
Guarantors (after giving effect to the Acquisition) in the Credit 
Documentation relating to: (i) (A) corporate status of the Borrower and the 
Guarantors and (B) corporate power and authority to enter into the Credit 
Documentation by the Borrower and the Guarantors, (ii) due authorization, 
execution, delivery and enforceability of the Credit Documentation by the 
Borrower and the Guarantors, (iii) no conflicts of the Credit Documentation 
with charter documents of the Borrower and the Guarantors, (iv) compliance 
with Federal Reserve margin regulations and use of proceeds not in 
violation of OFAC, AML, FCPA and the U.S.A. Patriot Act, (v) the Investment 
Company Act, (vi) solvency of the Borrower and its subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis and on a pro forma basis for the Transaction (such 
representations to be substantially identical to those set forth in the 
Solvency Certificate attached as Annex III to the Commitment Letter (the 
Solvency Certificate)), and (vii) subject to the limitations set forth in 
this paragraph, the provision of guarantees and the creation, validity and 
perfection of the security interests granted in the Collateral. The 
provisions of this paragraph are referred to herein as the Funds Certain 
Provisions.
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Each of the parties hereto agrees that each of this Commitment Letter and 
the Fee Letter is a binding and enforceable agreement (subject to the 
effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization 
and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally 
and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in 
equity or law)) with respect to the subject matter contained herein, 
including an agreement to negotiate in good faith the Credit Documentation 
by the parties hereto in a manner consistent with this Commitment Letter 
and, to the extent applicable, the Fee Letter, it being acknowledged and 
agreed that the funding of the Term B Loan Facility is subject only to the 
conditions precedent as set forth in this paragraph 5. For clarity, all 
terms referenced herein to being defined in the Credit Documentation shall 
be defined in accordance with the Documentation Standard (unless otherwise 
provided for herein).

6. Confidentiality and Other Obligations. This Commitment Letter and the 
Fee Letter and the contents hereof and thereof are confidential and may not 
be disclosed in whole or in part to any person or entity without the prior 
written consent of the Commitment Party (not to be unreasonably withheld, 
conditioned or delayed) except (i) this Commitment Letter and the Fee 
Letter and contents hereof and thereof may be disclosed (A) on a 
confidential basis to your subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, 
accountants, attorneys and other representatives and professional advisors 
who need to know such information in connection with the Transaction and 
are informed of the confidential nature of such information, (B) pursuant 
to the order of any court or administrative agency in any pending legal or 
administrative proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law or 
stock exchange requirement or compulsory legal process (in which case you 
agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to inform the Commitment Party 
promptly thereof prior to such disclosure to the extent permitted by 
applicable law), and (C) on a confidential basis to the affiliates, 
members, partners, stockholders, equity holders, controlling persons, 
directors, officers, employees, accountants, attorneys and other 
representatives and professional advisors of the Acquired Business; 
provided that any such disclosure of the Fee Letter shall be subject to 
customary redaction of the fees and the economic market flex provisions 
contained therein, (ii) Annex I and the existence of this Commitment Letter 
and the Fee Letter (but not the contents of this Commitment Letter and the 
Fee Letter) may be disclosed to Moodys, S&P and any other rating agency on 
a confidential basis, (iii) the aggregate amount of the fees (including 
upfront fees and original issue discount) payable under the Fee Letter may 
be disclosed as part of generic disclosure regarding sources and uses for 
closing of the Acquisition, projections, and pro forma information (but 
without disclosing any specific fees, market flex or other economic terms 
set forth therein), (iv) this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter may be 
disclosed on a confidential basis to your auditors or persons performing 
customary accounting functions for customary accounting purposes, including 
accounting for deferred financing costs, (v) to the directors, officers, 
attorneys and other professional advisors of the Target on a confidential 
need to know basis in connection with the Transaction; provided that any 
disclosure of the Fee Letter and the contents thereof shall be redacted in 
a manner satisfactory to the Commitment Party, (vi) you may disclose this 
Commitment Letter (but not the Fee Letter) and its contents in any 
information memorandum or syndication distribution, as well as in any proxy 
statement or other public filing or other marketing materials relating to 
the Acquisition or the Term B Loan Facility and (vii) this Commitment 
Letter and the Fee Letter may be disclosed to a court, tribunal or any 
other applicable administrative agency or judicial authority in connection 
with the enforcement of your rights hereunder (in which case you agree to 
inform the Commitment Party promptly thereof prior to such disclosure to 
the extent permitted by applicable law).
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Commitment Party shall use all confidential information provided to it 
by or on behalf of you hereunder solely for the purpose of providing the 
services which are the subject of this Commitment Letter and otherwise in 
connection with the Transaction and shall treat confidentially all such 
information; provided, however, that nothing herein shall prevent the 
Commitment Party from disclosing any such information (i) pursuant to the 
order of any court or administrative agency or in any pending legal or 
administrative proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law or 
compulsory legal process (in which case the Commitment Party agrees to 
inform you promptly prior to disclosure to the extent not prohibited by 
law, rule or regulation), (ii) upon the request or demand of any regulatory 
authority having jurisdiction over the Commitment Party or any of its 
affiliates, (iii) to the extent that such information becomes publicly 
available other than by reason of disclosure in violation of this 
Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter or other confidential obligation owed by 
the Commitment Party, (iv) to the Commitment Partys affiliates, employees, 
legal counsel, independent auditors and other experts, professionals or 
agents who need to know such information in connection with the Transaction 
and are informed of the confidential nature of such information, (v) for 
purposes of establishing a due diligence defense available under 
securities laws, (vi) to the extent that such information is received by 
the Commitment Party from a third party that is not to the Commitment 
Partys knowledge subject to confidentiality obligations to you, (vii) to 
the extent that such information is independently developed by the 
Commitment Party, (viii) to potential Lenders, participants, assignees or 
any direct or indirect contractual counterparties to any swap or derivative 
transaction relating to you or your obligations under the Term B Loan 
Facility (other than a Disqualified Lender), in each case, who agree to be 
bound by the terms of this paragraph (or language not less restrictive than 
this paragraph or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to you and the 
Commitment Party, including as may be agreed in any confidential 
information memorandum or other marketing material), (ix) to Moodys and 
S&P and to Bloomberg, LSTA and similar market data collectors with respect 
to the syndicated lending industry; provided that such information is 
limited to Annex I, or (x) with your prior written consent. This paragraph 
shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the initial funding under the Term B 
Loan Facility and (b) the second anniversary of the date of this Commitment 
Letter.

You acknowledge that the Commitment Party or its affiliates may be 
providing financing or other services to parties whose interests may 
conflict with yours. The Commitment Party agree that they will not furnish 
confidential information obtained from you to any of their other customers 
and will treat confidential information relating to the Companies and their 
respective affiliates with the same degree of care as they treat their own 
confidential information. The Commitment Party further advises you that it 
will not make available to you confidential information that it has 
obtained or may obtain from any other customer.
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated by this 
Commitment Letter, you acknowledge and agree, and acknowledge your 
affiliates understanding, that: (i) the Term B Loan Facility and any 
related arranging or other services described in this Commitment Letter is 
an arms-length commercial transaction between you and your affiliates, on 
the one hand, and the Commitment Party, on the other hand, (ii) the 
Commitment Party has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax 
advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby and you 
have consulted your own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to 
the extent you have deemed appropriate, (iii) you are capable of 
evaluating, and understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of 
the transactions contemplated hereby, (iv) in connection with the financing 
transactions contemplated hereby and the process leading to such 
transactions, the Commitment Party has been, is, and will be acting solely 
as a principal and has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an 
advisor, agent or fiduciary for you or any of your affiliates, 
stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party, (v) the Commitment 
Party has not assumed and will not assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary 
responsibility in your or your affiliates favor with respect to any of the 
financing transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, 
and the Commitment Party has no obligation to you or your affiliates with 
respect to the financing transactions contemplated hereby except those 
obligations expressly set forth in this Commitment Letter, and (vi) the 
Commitment Party and its respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad 
range of transactions that involve interests that differ from yours and 
those of your affiliates, and the Commitment Party has no obligation to 
disclose any of such interests to you or your affiliates. Without limiting 
the provisions of paragraph 4(b), you hereby agree not to assert any claims 
against the Commitment Party with respect to any alleged breach of agency 
or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any financing 
transaction contemplated by this Commitment Letter.

The Commitment Party hereby notifies you that pursuant to the requirements 
of the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law 
October 26, 2001) (the U.S.A. Patriot Act), each of them is required to 
obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and the 
Guarantors, which information includes the name and address of such person 
and other information that will allow the Commitment Party to identify each 
such person in accordance with the U.S.A. Patriot Act.

7. Survival of Obligations. The provisions of sections 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8 of 
this Commitment Letter shall remain in full force and effect regardless of 
whether any Credit Documentation shall be executed and delivered and 
notwithstanding the termination of this Commitment Letter or any commitment 
or undertaking of the Commitment Party hereunder, provided that (i) the 
provisions of sections 2 and 3 shall not survive if all of the commitments 
and undertakings of the Commitment Party are terminated by any party hereto 
prior to the effectiveness of the Term B Loan Facility and (ii) if the Term 
B Loan Facility closes and the Credit Documentation is executed and 
delivered, the provisions of sections 2 and 3 shall survive only until the 
Syndication Date and your obligations under this Commitment Letter, other 
than your obligations in sections 2 and 3, confidentiality of the Fee 
Letter and section 4 to the extent not addressed in the Credit 
Documentation, shall automatically terminate and be superseded by the 
provisions of the Credit Documentation upon the execution and delivery 
thereof, and you shall automatically be released from all liability in 
connection therewith at such time. You may terminate this Commitment Letter 
and/or the Initial Lenders commitment with respect to the Term B Loan 
Facility (or any portion thereof) hereunder at any time subject to the 
provisions of the preceding sentence.

8. Miscellaneous. This Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter may be executed 
in multiple counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate 
counterparts, all of which, taken together, shall be deemed an original. 
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Commitment 
Letter or the Fee Letter by telecopier, facsimile or other electronic 
transmission (e.g., a pdf or tiff) shall be effective as delivery of a 
manually executed counterpart thereof. Headings are for convenience of 
reference only and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into 
consideration when interpreting, this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letter.
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
This Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without 
regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application 
of any other laws other than the state of New York; provided that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that (a) 
interpretation the definition of Company Material Adverse Effect (as 
defined in Annex II) or the equivalent term under the Acquisition Agreement 
and whether a Company Material Adverse Effect (or the equivalent term) has 
occurred, (b) the determination of the accuracy of any Acquisition 
Agreement Representation and whether as a result of any inaccuracy thereof 
you have the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to 
terminate your obligations under the Acquisition Agreement or decline to 
consummate the Acquisition and (c) the determination of whether the 
Acquisition has been consummated in accordance with the terms of the 
Acquisition Agreement, in each case shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws 
that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law 
thereof. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO 
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS COMMITMENT 
LETTER, THE FEE LETTER, THE TRANSACTION AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF THE COMMITMENT PARTY IN 
THE NEGOTIATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. Each party hereto 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of any New York State court or Federal court of the United 
States of America sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City in 
respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the 
provisions of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter, the Transaction and 
the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and irrevocably 
agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding 
may be heard and determined in any such court. The parties hereto agree 
that service of any process, summons, notice or document by registered mail 
addressed to you shall be effective service of process against you for any 
suit, action or proceeding relating to any such dispute. Each party hereto 
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection 
that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such 
suit, action or proceedings brought in any such court, and any claim that 
any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been 
brought in an inconvenient forum. A final judgment in any such suit, action 
or proceeding brought in any such court may be enforced in any other courts 
to whose jurisdiction the applicable party is or may be subject by suit 
upon judgment.

This Commitment Letter, together with the Fee Letter and the administrative 
fee letter between you and JPMCB dated the date hereof, embodies the entire 
agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and your affiliates 
with respect to the Term B Loan Facility and supersedes all prior 
agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. No 
party has been authorized by the Commitment Party to make any oral or 
written statements that are inconsistent with this Commitment Letter. 
Neither this Commitment Letter (including the attachments hereto) nor the 
Fee Letter may be amended or any term or provision hereof or thereof waived 
or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by each of the 
parties hereto.

This Commitment Letter may not be assigned by you without our prior written 
consent (and any purported assignment without such consent will be null and 
void), is intended to be solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and 
is not intended to confer any benefits upon, or create any rights in favor 
of, any person other than the parties hereto (and the Indemnified Parties). 
The Commitment Party may assign its commitment hereunder, in whole or in 
part, to any of its affiliates or, subject to the provisions of this 
Commitment Letter, to any Lender; provided that, other than with respect to 
an assignment to which you otherwise consent in writing (which consent, in 
the case of an assignment by the Commitment Party to its affiliates, shall 
not be unreasonably withheld by you), the Commitment Party shall not be 
released from the portion of its commitment hereunder so assigned to the 
extent such assignee fails to fund the portion of the commitment assigned 
to it on the Closing Date notwithstanding the satisfaction of the 
conditions to funding set forth herein.
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please indicate your acceptance of the terms of this Commitment Letter and 
the Fee Letter by re- turning to the Lead Arranger executed counterparts of 
this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter not later than 11:59 p.m. (New 
York City time) on February 15, 2017, whereupon the undertakings of the 
parties with respect to the Term B Loan Facility shall become effective to 
the extent and in the manner provided hereby. This offer shall terminate 
with respect to the Term B Loan Facility if not so accepted by you at or 
prior to that time. Thereafter, all commitments and undertakings of the 
Commitment Party hereunder will expire, unless extended by us in our sole 
discretion, on the earliest of (a) 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on June 
30, 2017, unless the Closing Date occurs on or prior thereto, (b) the 
consummation of the Merger without the use of the Term B Loan Facility and 
(c) the termination of the Acquisition Agreement by you in accordance with 
its terms.

[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
We are pleased to have the opportunity to work with you in connection with 
this important financing.
 
Very truly yours,
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
By: 	  	
/s/ Caitlin Stewart
  	Name: 	  	Caitlin Stewart
  	Title: 	  	Vice President

Signature Page to Project Glider Commitment Letter

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The provisions of this Commitment Letter are accepted and agreed to as of 
the date first written above:
INTEGRATED DEVICE TECHNOLOGY, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Gregory L. Waters
  	Name: Gregory L. Waters
  	Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to Project Glider Commitment Letter

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX I

SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
$200,000,000 TERM B LOAN FACILITY

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the same meanings as 
specified therefor in the Commitment Letter to which this Annex I is 
attached.
 
Borrower: 	   	Integrated Device Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
(the Borrower).
Guarantors: 	   	The obligations of the Borrower (the Borrower Obligations
) under the Term B Loan Facility (as hereinafter defined) will be 
unconditionally guaranteed jointly and severally on a senior basis (the 
Guarantees) by each of the Borrowers wholly-owned material restricted 
U.S. subsidiaries (and consistent with the principles set forth herein) 
(collectively, the Guarantors); provided that Guarantors shall not 
include (i) unrestricted subsidiaries, (ii) immaterial subsidiaries (to be 
defined in a mutually acceptable manner as to individual and aggregate 
revenues or assets excluded), (iii) any subsidiary that is prohibited, but 
only so long as such subsidiary is prohibited, by applicable law, rule or 
regulation or by any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date or 
existing at the time of acquisition thereof after the Closing Date (so long 
as such prohibition did not arise as part of such acquisition), in each 
case, from guaranteeing the Term B Loan Facility or which would require 
governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or 
authorization to provide a Guarantee unless such consent, approval, license 
or authorization has been received (but without obligation to seek the 
same), (iv) any direct or indirect subsidiary of a controlled foreign 
corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (a CFC), (v) any CFC, (vi) any domestic subsidiary 
with no material assets other than equity interests (including, for this 
purpose, any debt or other instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes) of one or more foreign subsidiaries that are CFCs (a 
Disregarded Domestic Person), (vii) not-for-profit subsidiaries, (viii) 
any other subsidiary with respect to which the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent determine that the adverse consequences of providing a 
guarantee shall be excessive in relation to the benefits to be obtained by 
the Lenders therefrom, and (ix) certain special purpose entities. In 
addition, the Credit Documentation will contain carve outs for non-ECP 
Guarantors, consistent with the LSTA provisions. All guarantees will be 
guarantees of payment and not of collection. The Target and its 
subsidiaries included in the Acquired Business that are not excluded from 
the foregoing requirements pursuant to the terms described above shall be 
required to become Guarantors (and grant liens in their assets constituting 
Collateral that can be perfected by filing UCC financing statements) on the 
Closing Date.
   	Notwithstanding the foregoing, additional subsidiaries may be excluded 
from the guarantee requirements in circumstances where the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent reasonably agree that the cost of providing such a 
guarantee is excessive in relation to the value afforded thereby.
 
Annex I-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent: 	   	JPMCB will act as sole and 
exclusive administrative and collateral agent for the Lenders (the 
Administrative Agent).
Lead Arranger and Bookrunner: 	   	JPMCB will act as the sole lead arranger 
and bookrunner for the Term B Loan Facility (in such capacities, the Lead 
Arranger); provided that JPMCB may perform its responsibilities hereunder 
as a Lead Arranger through its affiliate, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC.
Lenders: 	   	Banks, financial institutions and institutional lenders 
selected by the Lead Arranger in consultation with and reasonably 
acceptable to the Borrower and excluding any Disqualified Lenders and, 
after the initial funding of the Term B Loan Facility, subject to the 
restrictions set forth in the Assignments and Participations section below 
(the Lenders).
Term B Loan Facility: 	   	A senior secured first lien term loan B facility 
(the Term B Loan Facility) in an aggregate principal amount of $200.0 
million.
Purpose: 	   	The proceeds of borrowings under the Term B Loan Facility, 
together with cash on the balance sheet of the Companies, shall be used (i) 
to finance the Acquisition and the Refinancing and the other Transactions, 
(ii) to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and (iii) 
for working capital and general corporate purposes.
Availability: 	   	The Term B Loan Facility will be available in a single 
drawing on the Closing Date. Amounts borrowed under the Term B Loan 
Facility that are repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed.
Interest Rates: 	   	The interest rate per annum under the Term B Loan 
Facility will be, at the option of the Borrower, (i) LIBOR plus the 
Applicable Margin (as hereinafter defined) or (ii) the Base Rate plus the 
Applicable Margin. The Applicable Margin means 3.50% per annum, in the case 
of LIBOR advances, and 2.50% per annum, in the case of Base Rate advances.
   	The Borrower may select interest periods of one, two, three or six 
months (and, if agreed to by all applicable Lenders, a period shorter than 
one month or a period of twelve months) for LIBOR advances. Interest shall 
be payable at the end of the selected interest period, but no less 
frequently than quarterly.
   	LIBOR and Base Rate will have meanings customary and appropriate 
for financings of this type; provided that (x) LIBOR will be deemed to be 
not less than 0% per annum (the LIBOR Floor) and (y) the Base Rate will 
be deemed to be not less than 100 basis points higher than one-month LIBOR 
(after giving effect to the LIBOR Floor).
 
Annex I-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	During the continuance of an event of default for non-payment of 
principal, interest or fees, interest will accrue on such overdue 
principal, interest or fees at the Default Rate (as defined below). During 
the continuance of a bankruptcy event of default, the principal amount of 
all outstanding obligations will bear interest at the Default Rate. As used 
herein, Default Rate means (i) on the principal of any loan at a rate of 
200 basis points in excess of the rate otherwise applicable to such loan 
and (ii) on any other overdue amount at a rate of 200 basis points in 
excess of the non-default rate of interest then applicable to Base Rate 
loans.
Calculation of Interest: 	   	Other than calculations in respect of 
interest at the Base Rate (which shall be made on the basis of actual 
number of days elapsed in a 365/366 day year), all calculations of interest 
shall be made on the basis of actual number of days elapsed in a 360-day 
year.
Cost and Yield Protection: 	   	Subject to the Documentation Standard (as 
defined below) and customary for transactions and facilities of this type, 
including, without limitation, in respect of breakage or redeployment costs 
incurred in connection with prepayments (other than loss of margin), 
changes in capital adequacy and capital requirements or their 
interpretation, illegality, unavailability, reserves without proration or 
offset and payments free and clear of withholding or other taxes; provided 
that for all purposes of the Credit Documentation, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, 
guidelines and directives promulgated thereunder and (ii) all requests, 
rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International 
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor 
or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each 
case, pursuant to Basel III, shall be deemed introduced or adopted after 
the Closing Date, so long as, in each case, any amounts with respect 
thereto assessed by any Lender shall also be so assessed by such Lender 
against its similarly situated customers generally under agreements 
containing comparable yield protection provisions.
Maturity: 	   	The Term B Loan Facility will mature on the date that is 7 
years after the Closing Date (the Term B Loan Facility Maturity Date); 
provided that if the Borrowers 0.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 
(the 2022 Convertible Notes) are outstanding on the date that is 91 days 
prior to November 15, 2022 (the Springing Maturity Date) and have not 
otherwise been extended or refinanced such that their maturity date is no 
earlier than 91 days after the Term B Loan Facility Maturity Date, the Term 
B Loan Facility Maturity Date shall be the Springing Maturity Date unless 
the Borrower and the Guarantors shall have cash and cash equivalents and/or 
undrawn lending commitments from financial institutions reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in an amount not less than the 
aggregate principal amount of then outstanding 2022 Convertible Notes.
   	The Credit Documentation shall contain customary amend and extend 
provisions pursuant to which individual Lenders may agree to extend the 
maturity date of their outstanding loans or loans under the Term B Loan 
Facility or any Incremental Facility (which may include, among other 
things, an increase in the interest rate payable in respect of such 
extended loans, with such extensions not subject to any default stoppers, 
financial tests or most favored nation pricing provisions) upon the 
request of the Borrower and without the consent of any other Lender (it is 
understood that (i) no existing Lender will have any obligation to commit 
to any such extension and (ii) each Lender under the class being extended 
shall have the opportunity to participate in such extension on the same 
terms and conditions as each other Lender under such class).
 
Annex I-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Incremental Facilities: 	   	The Credit Documentation will permit the 
Borrower to (a) add one or more incremental term loan facilities to the 
Term B Loan Facility or to increase the existing Term B Loan Facility 
(each, an Incremental Term Facility) and/or (b) add one or more 
incremental revolving credit facilities (each, an Incremental Revolving 
Facility and, together with the Incremental Term Facility, the 
Incremental Facilities and each, an Incremental Facility) in an 
aggregate principal amount of up to (x) $200.0 million plus (y) only in the 
case of an Incremental Revolving Facility, $50.0 million plus (z) an 
unlimited amount so long as, in the case of clause (z) only, on a pro forma 
basis the Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined below) would not exceed 
2.50:1.00, after giving effect to any acquisition consummated in connection 
therewith and all other appropriate pro forma adjustments (in the case of 
any Incremental Revolving Facility, calculated assuming the entire amount 
of such Incremental Revolving Facility, was drawn on such date) (it being 
understood that the Borrower shall be deemed to have used amounts under 
clause (z) (to the extent compliant therewith) prior to utilization of 
amounts under clause (x) or (y)); provided that (i) no Lender will be 
required to participate in any such Incremental Facility, (ii) subject to 
customary limited conditionality provisions in connection with any 
Incremental Facility incurred to finance a permitted acquisition or similar 
investment, no event of default or default exists or would exist after 
giving effect thereto, (iii) subject to customary limited conditionality 
provisions in connection with any Incremental Facility incurred to finance 
a permitted acquisition or similar investment, the representations and 
warranties in the Credit Documentation shall be true and correct in all 
material respects, (iv) the maturity date of any such Incremental Term 
Facility shall be no earlier than the maturity date for the Term B Loan 
Facility, (v) the weighted average life to maturity of any Incremental Term 
Facility shall be no shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of 
the Term B Loan Facility, (vi) the interest margins for the Incremental 
Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the lenders of the 
Incremental Facility; provided that in the event that the interest margins 
for any Incremental Term Facility incurred within twelve months after the 
Closing Date are greater than the Applicable Margin for the Term B Loan 
Facility by more than 50 basis points, then the Applicable Margin for the 
Term B Loan Facility shall be increased to the extent necessary so that the 
interest margins for the Incremental Term Facility are not more than 50 
basis points higher than the Applicable Margin for the Term B Loan 
Facility; provided, further, that in determining the interest margins 
applicable to the Term B Loan Facility and the Applicable Margins for any 
Incremental Term Facility, (x) original issue discount (OID) or upfront 
fees (which shall be deemed to constitute like amounts of OID) payable by 
the Borrower for the account of the Lenders of the Term B Loan Facility in 
the primary syndication thereof shall be included (with OID being equated 
to interest based on an assumed four-year life to maturity), (y) customary 
arrangement, structuring, underwriting, amendment or commitment fees 
payable to one or more arrangers shall be excluded, and (z) if the LIBOR or 
Base Rate floor for any Incremental Term Facility is greater than the LIBOR 
or Base Rate floor, respectively, for the existing Term B Loan Facility, 
the difference between such floor for the Incremental Term Facility and the 
Term B Loan Facility shall be equated to an increase in the Applicable 
Margin for purposes of this clause (vi) (all adjustments made pursuant to 
this clause (vi), the MFN Adjustment), (vii) each Incremental Facility 
shall be secured by pari passu liens on the Collateral (as herein after 
defined) securing the Term B Loan Facility and no other assets and shall be 
guaranteed by the Guarantors and no other persons, (viii) any Incremental 
Term Facility shall be on terms and pursuant to documentation to be 
determined, provided that, to the extent such terms and documentation are 
not consistent with the Term B Loan Facility (except to the extent 
permitted by clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) above, as 
applicable), they shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent and (ix) any Incremental Revolving Facility shall be on terms and 
pursuant to documentation to be determined, provided that, (x) such 
Incremental Revolving Facility may have a maturity date that is earlier 
than the maturity date for the Term B Loan Facility and (y) such 
Incremental Revolving Facility may include financial maintenance covenants 
and other terms and conditions that are more restrictive to the Borrower 
and its restricted subsidiaries than the terms applicable to the Term B 
Loan Facility, solely for the benefit of the Lenders under such Incremental 
Revolving Facility. The Borrower may seek commitments in respect of any 
Incremental Facility from existing Lenders or from additional banks, 
financial institutions and other institutional lenders and to the extent 
the Administrative Agent would have a consent right on an assignment to 
such new lender, such new lender shall be reasonably acceptable to the 
Administrative Agent.
 
Annex I-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Refinancing Facilities: 	   	The Credit Documentation will permit the 
Borrower to refinance loans under the Term B Loan Facility or loans under 
any Incremental Facility (each, Refinanced Debt) from time to time, in 
whole or part, with (x) one or more new term facilities (each, a 
Refinancing Term Facility) under the Credit Documentation with the consent 
of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, 
delayed or conditioned) and the institutions providing such Refinancing 
Term Facility or (y) one or more series of unsecured notes or loans, notes 
secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Term B Loan 
Facility or notes or loans secured by the Collateral on a junior lien basis 
to the Term B Loan Facility, which will be subject to customary 
intercreditor terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and 
the Borrower (any such notes or loans, Refinancing Notes and together 
with the Refinancing Term Facilities, the Refinancing Indebtedness); 
provided that (i) any Refinancing Term Facility or Refinancing Notes do not 
mature prior to the maturity date of, or have a shorter weighted average 
life than, the applicable Refinanced Debt (without giving effect to any 
amortization or prepayments on the outstanding loans under the Term B Loan 
Facility or loans made under any Incremental Facility, as applicable), (ii) 
any Refinancing Notes consisting of notes do not mature prior to the 
maturity date of the applicable Refinanced Debt or have any scheduled 
amortization, (iii) there shall be no issuers, borrowers or guarantors in 
respect of any Refinancing Indebtedness that are not the Borrower or a 
Guarantor and no Refinancing Indebtedness shall be secured by assets other 
than the Collateral, (iv) any Refinancing Notes shall not contain any 
mandatory prepayment provisions (other than related to customary asset sale 
and change of control offers or events of default) that could result in 
prepayments of such Refinancing Notes prior to the maturity date of the 
applicable Refinanced Debt, (v) the other terms and conditions of such 
Refinancing Indebtedness (excluding pricing, interest rate margins, rate 
floors, discounts, fees and optional prepayment or optional redemption 
provisions) are not materially more favorable (when taken as a whole) to 
the lenders or investors providing such Refinancing Indebtedness than the 
terms of the applicable Refinanced Debt unless (1) Lenders under the 
corresponding Refinanced Debt also receive the benefit of such more 
restrictive terms or (2) any such provisions apply after the maturity date 
of the applicable Refinanced Debt and (vi) the proceeds of such Refinancing 
Indebtedness (a) shall not be in an aggregate principal amount greater than 
the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Refinanced Debt plus any 
fees and premiums associated therewith, and costs and expenses related 
thereto and (b) shall be immediately applied to permanently prepay in whole 
or in part the applicable Refinanced Debt.
 
Annex I-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Documentation Standard: 	   	The Credit Documentation for the Term B Loan 
Facility (i) shall be based upon the Credit Agreement, dated August 16, 
2016, of Cavium, Inc. with appropriate modifications to baskets and 
materiality thresholds to reflect the size, industry, leverage and ratings 
of the Borrower after giving effect to the Acquisition and with appropriate 
modifications to reflect the structure of the Term B Loan Facility as a 
term B loan facility, to reflect changes in law or accounting standards 
since the date of such precedent and to give due effect to the Model (as 
defined below), (ii) shall contain the terms and conditions set forth in 
this Summary of Terms, (iii) shall reflect the operational and strategic 
requirements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries (after giving effect to 
the Acquisition) in light of their size, industries and practices and (iv) 
shall reflect the customary agency and operational requirements of the 
Administrative Agent (collectively, the Documentation Standard), in each 
case, subject to the Funds Certain Provisions. The Credit Documentation 
shall, subject to the market flex provisions contained in the Fee Letter, 
contain only those conditions to borrowing, mandatory prepayments, 
representations and warranties, covenants (affirmative, negative and 
financial) and events of default expressly set forth in this Summary of 
Terms, in each case, applicable to the Borrower and its restricted 
subsidiaries and, subject to the Documentation Standard and limitations as 
set forth herein, with materiality thresholds, standards, qualifications, 
exceptions, baskets, and grace and cure periods to be mutually agreed and 
consistent with the Documentation Standard.
 
Annex I-6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Limited Condition 	   	
Acquisitions: 	   	For purposes of (i) determining compliance with any 
provision of the Credit Documentation which requires the calculation of the 
Secured Leverage Ratio or the Total Leverage Ratio, (ii) determining 
compliance with representations, warranties, defaults or events of default 
or (iii) testing availability under baskets set forth in the Credit 
Documentation (including baskets measured as a percentage of Consolidated 
EBITDA), in each case, in connection with an acquisition (or similar 
investment) by one or more of the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries 
of any assets, business or person permitted to be acquired by the Credit 
Documentation, in each case whose consummation is not conditioned on the 
availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing (any such 
acquisition, a Limited Condition Acquisition), at the option of the 
Borrower (the Borrowers election to exercise such option in connection 
with any Limited Condition Acquisition, an LCA Election), the date of 
determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder, shall be 
deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition 
Acquisition are entered into (the LCA Test Date), and if, after giving 
pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Acquisition and the other 
transactions to be entered into in connection therewith as if they had 
occurred at the beginning of the most recent test period ending prior to 
the LCA Test Date, the Borrower could have taken such action on the 
relevant LCA Test Date in compliance with such ratio or basket, such ratio 
or basket shall be deemed to have been complied with.
   	For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower has made an LCA Election 
and any of the ratios or baskets for which compliance was determined or 
tested as of the LCA Test Date are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in 
any such ratio or basket (including due to fluctuations in pro forma 
Consolidated EBITDA, including of the target of any Limited Condition 
Acquisition) at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or 
action, such baskets or ratios will not be deemed to have been exceeded as 
a result of such fluctuations. If the Borrower has made an LCA Election for 
any Limited Condition Acquisition, then in connection with any subsequent 
calculation of any ratio or basket on or following the relevant LCA Test 
Date and prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which such Limited 
Condition Acquisition is consummated or (ii) the date that the definitive 
agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires 
without consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition, any such ratio 
or basket shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming (i) such 
Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection 
therewith (including any incurrence of debt and the use of proceeds 
thereof) have been consummated and (ii) such Limited Condition Acquisition 
and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of 
debt and the use of proceeds thereof) had not been consummated.
 
Annex I-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial Definitions: 	   	The Secured Leverage Ratio means the ratio of 
(i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness of the Borrower and its restricted 
subsidiaries that is secured by a lien on any assets or property of the 
Borrower or any restricted subsidiary (Secured Debt) to (ii) trailing 
four-quarter Consolidated EBITDA (as defined below) of the Borrower and its 
restricted subsidiaries.
   	Total Leverage Ratio means the ratio of (i) Consolidated Funded 
Indebtedness of the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries to (ii) 
trailing four-quarter Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its 
restricted subsidiaries.
   	Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means the outstanding principal 
amount of all third party debt for borrowed money, un reimbursed drawings 
under letters of credit, capital lease obligations, purchase money 
indebtedness and third party debt obligations evidenced by notes or similar 
instruments, determined in accordance with GAAP.
   	Consolidated EBITDA is to be defined in a manner consistent with the 
Documentation Standard beginning with consolidated net income, with 
add-backs (and corresponding deductions, to the extent applicable) to 
include, without limitation and without duplication, the following:
   	
    i.       expected cost savings, operating expense reductions,
    restructuring charges and expenses and synergies related to the
    Transaction as set forth in the Borrowers model received by JPMCB on
    February 9, 2017 (the Model);
   	
    ii.      expected cost savings, operating expense reductions,
    restructuring charges and expenses and synergies related to mergers and
    other business combinations, acquisitions, divestitures, restructuring,
    cost savings initiatives which are reasonably identifiable and
    factually supportable and other similar initiatives and projected by
    the Borrower in good faith to result from actions with respect to which
    substantial steps have been, will be, or are expected to be, taken and
    which are expected to be realized (in the good faith determination of
    the Borrower) within 18 months after such transaction or initiative is
    consummated; provided that the aggregate amount added back to
    Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (ii) in any test period
    shall not exceed 20% of Consolidated EBITDA for such test period
    (calculated prior to giving effect to such add-backs);
   	
    iii.    non-cash losses, charges and expenses (including non-cash
    compensation charges);
   	
    iv.     extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring losses, charges and
    expenses;
 
Annex I-8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	
    v.      cash restructuring and related charges and business
    optimization expenses;
   	
    vi.     unrealized gains and losses due to foreign exchange adjustments
    (including, without limitation, losses and expenses in connection with
    currency and exchange rate fluctuations);
   	
    vii.   costs and expenses in connection with the Transaction;
   	
    viii.  expenses or charges related to any equity offering, permitted
    investment, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or incurrence of
    permitted indebtedness (whether or not consummated), including
    non-operating or non-recurring professional fees, costs and expenses
    related thereto;
   	
    ix.     interest, taxes, amortization and depreciation; and
   	
    x.      losses from discontinued operations.
Scheduled Amortization: 	   	The Term B Loan Facility shall be subject to 
quarterly amortization of principal equal to 0.25% of the original 
aggregate principal amount of the Term B Loan Facility, with the balance 
payable on the Term B Loan Facility Maturity Date.
Mandatory Prepayments: 	   	In addition to the amortization set forth above 
and subject to the next two paragraphs, mandatory prepayments required with 
respect to the Term B Loan Facility shall be limited to: (i) subject to 
customary exceptions and thresholds (with exceptions for, among others, 
ordinary course dispositions, dispositions of obsolete or worn-out 
property, property no longer used or useful in the business and other 
exceptions to be mutually agreed), the receipt of net cash proceeds by the 
Borrower or any of its restricted subsidiaries in excess of an amount to be 
mutually agreed from any disposition of assets outside the ordinary course 
of business or casualty event by the Borrower or any of its restricted 
subsidiaries, in each case, to the extent such proceeds are not reinvested 
(or committed to be reinvested) in the business of the Borrower or any of 
its subsidiaries within twelve months after the date of receipt of such 
proceeds from such disposition or casualty event and, if so committed to be 
reinvested, reinvested no later than 180 days after the end of such twelve 
month period; (ii) following the receipt of net cash proceeds from the 
issuance or incurrence after the Closing Date of additional debt of the 
Borrower or any of its restricted subsidiaries (other than debt permitted 
under the Credit Documentation other than Refinancing Indebtedness); and 
(iii) in an amount equal to 0% of annual Excess Cash Flow (to be defined in 
the Credit Documentation) of the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries 
beginning with the Borrowers fiscal year ending March 31, 2018 with one 
step up to 50% when the Secured Leverage Ratio is greater than 1.75 to 1.00 
(with a dollar-for-dollar credit for optional prepayments of the Term B 
Loan Facility and any Incremental Facility (in the case of any Incremental 
Revolving Facility, to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction of 
the corresponding commitment) subsequent to the first day of the relevant 
year other than to the extent financed with long-term debt), in each case 
of clauses (i) - (iii), subject to the limitations set forth in the 
paragraph immediately following, such amounts shall be applied, without 
premium or penalty, to the remaining amortization payments under the Term B 
Loan Facility in direct order of maturity.
 
Annex I-9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	Any Lender under the Term B Loan Facility may elect not to accept its 
pro rata portion of any mandatory prepayment other than a prepayment 
pursuant to clause (ii) above (each a Declining Lender). Any prepayment 
amount declined by a Declining Lender may be retained by the Borrower (such 
amount, a Declined Amount).
   	Mandatory prepayments in clauses (i) and (iii) above shall be limited 
to the extent the upstreaming or transfer of such amounts from a foreign 
subsidiary to the Borrower or any other applicable subsidiary would result 
in material adverse tax consequences until such time as the Borrower or its 
applicable subsidiary may upstream or transfer such amounts and shall be 
subject to permissibility under local law of upstreaming proceeds 
(including financial assistance and corporate benefit restrictions and 
fiduciary and statutory duties of the relevant directors). The 
non-application of any mandatory prepayment amounts as a consequence of the 
foregoing provisions will not, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute a 
default or an event of default, and such amounts shall be available for 
working capital purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries.
Optional Prepayments: 	   	The Term B Loan Facility may be prepaid at any 
time in whole or in part without premium or penalty, upon written notice, 
at the option of the Borrower, except (x) that any prepayment of LIBOR 
advances other than at the end of the applicable interest periods therefor 
shall be made with customary reimbursement for any funding losses and 
redeployment costs (but not loss of margin) of the Lenders resulting 
therefrom and (y) as set forth in Soft-Call Premium below. Each optional 
prepayment of the Term B Loan Facility shall be applied as directed by the 
Borrower (and absent such direction, in direct order of maturity thereof).
Soft-Call Premium: 	   	In the event that all or any portion of the Term B 
Loan Facility is (i) repaid, prepaid, refinanced or replaced with term loan 
indebtedness with a lower effective yield (to be defined) than the 
effective yield of such Term B Loan Facility or (ii) repriced through any 
waiver, consent or amendment that has the effect of reducing the effective 
yield of the Term B Loan Facility (a Repricing Transaction), in each 
case, prior to the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date and other than 
in connection with a change of control, such repayment, prepayment, 
refinancing, replacement or repricing will be accompanied by a premium of 
1% of the principal amount so repaid, prepaid, refinanced, replaced or 
repriced. If all or any portion of the Term B Loan Facility held by any 
Lender is required to be assigned pursuant to a yank-a-bank provision in 
the Credit Documentation as a result of, or in connection with a Repricing 
Transaction prior to the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, such 
Lender not agreeing or otherwise consenting to any waiver, consent or 
amendment referred to in clause (ii) above (or otherwise in connection with 
a Repricing Transaction), such replacement will be accompanied by a premium 
equal to 1% of the principal amount so required to be assigned.
 
Annex I-10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Security: 	   	Subject to the limitations set forth below in this section 
and subject to certain other exceptions, the Borrower Obligations, the 
Guarantees and any interest rate protection or other swap or hedging 
arrangements, or cash management arrangements, in each case, entered into 
with a Lender or agent or any affiliate of a Lender or agent (collectively, 
the Secured Obligations) will be secured, on a first priority basis, by: 
(a) a perfected pledge of 100% of each direct subsidiary of the Borrower 
and of each Guarantor (which pledge, in the case of capital stock of any 
foreign subsidiary that is a CFC or any Disregarded Domestic Person shall 
be limited to 65% of the voting capital stock and 100% of the non-voting 
capital stock of such foreign subsidiary or Disregarded Domestic Person) 
and (b) perfected security interests in substantially all of the Borrowers 
and each Guarantors assets, including tangible and intangible personal 
property of the Borrower and each Guarantor (including but not limited to 
accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit and 
securities accounts, investment property, intellectual property, 
intercompany notes, instruments, chattel paper and documents and proceeds 
of the foregoing) (the items described in clauses (a) and (b) above, but 
excluding the Excluded Assets (as defined below), collectively, the 
Collateral).
   	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Collateral shall exclude 
the following: (i) all fee-owned real property and all real property 
leasehold interests, (ii) any governmental licenses or state or local 
franchises, charters or authorizations, to the extent a security interest 
in any such licenses, franchise, charter or authorization would be 
prohibited thereby (including any legally effective prohibition) after 
giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform 
Commercial Code or other similar applicable law, (iii) pledges and security 
interests prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation (including any 
legally effective requirement to obtain the consent of any governmental 
authority), (iv) margin stock and, to the extent prohibited by the terms of 
any applicable organizational documents, joint venture agreement or 
shareholders agreement, equity interests in any person other than 
wholly-owned restricted subsidiaries, (v) assets to the extent a security 
interest in such assets would result in material adverse tax consequences 
as reasonably determined by the Borrower, (vi) any equity interests in any 
subsidiary that is a CFC or Disregarded Domestic Person (other than to the 
extent expressly provided in the previous paragraph), (vii) any 
intent-to-use trademark application prior to the filing of a Statement of 
Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto to the extent, if 
any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a 
security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of 
such intent-to-use trademark application under applicable federal law; and 
(viii) any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject to a 
purchase money security interest or similar arrangement permitted by the 
Credit Documentation to the extent that a grant of a security interest 
therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or 
purchase money arrangement after giving effect to the applicable 
anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or other similar 
applicable law, other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment 
of which is expressly deemed effective under the Uniform Commercial Code or 
other similar applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition. The 
Collateral may also exclude those assets as to which the Administrative 
Agent and the Borrower agree in writing that the cost of obtaining such a 
security interest is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of 
the security to be afforded thereby (the foregoing described in the 
previous two sentences are collectively referred to as the Excluded Assets
). In addition, (a) landlord, bailee or warehouseman waivers or collateral 
access agreements shall not be required, control agreements shall not be 
required with respect to any deposit accounts, securities accounts or 
commodities accounts and no perfection actions other than the filing of UCC 
financing statements shall be required with respect to motor vehicles and 
other assets subject to certificates of title, letter of credit rights, 
except as to which perfection may be accomplished solely by the filing of a 
UCC financing statement (it being understood that no actions shall be 
required to perfect a security interest in letter of credit rights, other 
than the filing of a UCC financing statement), commercial tort claims with 
a value of less than an amount to be agreed and promissory notes evidencing 
debt in a principal amount of less than an amount to be agreed and (b) no 
actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or required by the laws of any 
non-U.S. jurisdiction shall be required to be taken to create or perfect 
any security interests in assets located or titled outside of the U.S. (it 
being understood that there shall be no security agreements or pledge 
agreements governed under the laws of any non U.S. jurisdiction).
 
Annex I-11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	All the above-described pledges, security interests and mortgages shall 
be set forth in the Credit Documentation; and none of the Collateral shall 
be subject to other pledges, security interests or mortgages, other than 
certain customary permitted encumbrances and other exceptions and baskets 
to be set forth in the Credit Documentation.
Conditions Precedent to
Initial Borrowing on the
   	
Closing Date: 	   	The availability of the Term B Loan Facility on the 
Closing Date will be limited to those applicable conditions specified in 
paragraph 5 of the Commitment Letter.
Representations and 	   	
Warranties: 	   	Limited to the following and applicable to the Borrower 
and its restricted subsidiaries: organizational status and good standing; 
corporate power and authority, and enforceability of Credit Documentation; 
with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of the Credit 
Documentation, no violation of or default under law, organizational 
documents or material agreements; compliance with law; no undisclosed 
material litigation; margin regulations; material governmental and third 
party approvals with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of 
the Credit Documentation; Investment Company Act; anti-corruption and 
sanction laws, including the USA PATRIOT Act, OFAC, AML and FCPA; no 
default; accuracy of historical financial statements; taxes; ERISA matters; 
subsidiaries; environmental laws; use of proceeds; ownership of properties; 
creation, perfection and priority of liens and other security interests; 
insurance; consolidated Closing Date solvency of the Borrower and its 
subsidiaries; no material adverse change; intellectual property; labor 
matters; margin regulations; and disclosure, subject, where applicable, in 
the case of each of the foregoing representations and warranties, to 
qualifications and limitations for materiality to be provided in the Credit 
Documentation.
 
Annex I-12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Covenants: 	   	Subject to the Documentation Standard, with customary 
materiality qualifiers, limitations, exceptions, thresholds and baskets to 
be reasonably and mutually agreed, covenants shall be limited to the 
following:
   	
  (A)   Affirmative Covenants: Limited to the following (to be applicable
  to the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries only): (i) compliance
  with laws and regulations (including, without limitation, ERISA and
  environmental laws); (ii) compliance with anticorruption laws and
  applicable sanctions, including USA PATRIOT Act, OFAC, AML and FCPA;
  (iii) payment of taxes; (iv) maintenance of customary insurance; (v)
  preservation of corporate existence, rights (charter and statutory),
  franchises, permits, licenses and approvals; (vi) reasonable inspection
  rights; (vii) keeping of proper books in accordance with generally
  accepted accounting principles; (viii) maintenance of properties; (ix)
  further assurances as to perfection and priority of security interests;
  (x) guaranties and collateral from future subsidiaries and after-acquired
  property; (xi) use of proceeds; (xii) customary financial and other
  reporting and notice requirements (including, without limitation, audited
  annual financial statements (which shall not be qualified or limited in
  any respect (other than any exception, qualification or explanatory
  paragraph that is expressly solely with respect to, or expressly
  resulting solely from (i) an upcoming maturity date under the Term B Loan
  Facility or any Incremental Facility occurring within one year from the
  time such opinion is delivered or (ii) any potential inability to satisfy
  a financial maintenance covenant contained in the Credit Documentation)
  delivered within 90 days after the end of any fiscal year and quarterly
  unaudited financial statements delivered within 45 days after the end of
  the first three fiscal quarters of any fiscal year, in each case,
  accompanied by a customary MD&A, annual budgets, compliance certificates,
  certain customary reports and other business and financial information as
  any Lender shall reasonably request); (xiii) quarterly lender calls (it
  being understood that this covenant shall be satisfied if Lenders are
  permitted to join the Borrowers quarterly calls with its common equity
  holders); (xiv) commercially reasonable efforts to maintain credit
  ratings for the Term B Loan Facility and public corporate rating for the
  Borrower, provided that the maintenance of any particular rating shall
  not be required; (xv) notices of defaults and other material events; and
  (xvi) designation and redesignation of unrestricted subsidiaries,
  subject, in the case of each of the foregoing covenants, to exceptions
  and qualifications to be provided in the Credit Documentation.
 
Annex I-13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	
  (B)   Negative Covenants: Limited to the following (to be applicable to
  the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries):
   	
    (a)    limitations on the incurrence of debt (which shall permit, among
    other things to be agreed, (i) the indebtedness under the Term B Loan
    Facility, Incremental Facilities and Refinancing Indebtedness, (ii)
    indebtedness of the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries
    outstanding on the Closing Date; provided that, any permitted
    refinancing of the 2022 Convertible Notes shall be subject to terms and
    conditions to be agreed, including that such refinancing indebtedness
    mature no earlier than 91 days after the Term B Loan Facility Maturity
    Date, (iii) non-speculative hedging arrangements entered into in the
    ordinary course of business, (iv) any junior secured or unsecured notes
    or junior secured or unsecured term loans issued in lieu of the
    Incremental Facilities (provided that, in lieu of complying with the
    Secured Leverage Ratio of 2.50 to 1.00 set forth in the section
    entitled Incremental Facilities, in case of unsecured debt, the Total
    Leverage Ratio (calculated on a pro forma basis and calculated on the
    same basis as the Secured Leverage Ratio) would not exceed 4.25 to
    1.00; provided that (I) the incurrence of such indebtedness shall
    reduce dollar for dollar the amount of indebtedness that the Borrower
    may incur in respect of the Incremental Facilities (and any unsecured
    debt shall be deemed Secured Debt for purposes of calculating the
    Secured Leverage Ratio in connection with incurring Secured Debt under
    this clause (iv) and the Incremental Facilities), (II) such
    indebtedness matures at least 91 days after the latest date of maturity
    of the Term B Loan Facility and of any In-cremental Facility, (III) any
    subsidiaries of the Borrower that do not guarantee the Term B Loan
    Facility shall not guarantee such indebtedness, (IV) any secured debt
    shall be secured solely by Collateral on a junior lien basis and shall
    be subject to a customary intercreditor agreement reasonably acceptable
    to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower and (V) such debt shall be
    on other terms to be set forth in the Credit Documentation, (v)
    indebtedness incurred and/or assumed on the terms set forth in the
    second succeeding paragraph, (vi) purchase money indebtedness and
    capital leases in an amount to be agreed, (vii) indebtedness arising
    from agreements providing for adjustments of purchase price or earn
    outs entered into in connection with acquisitions subject to customary
    limitations, (viii) other indebtedness of the Borrower and its
    restricted subsidiaries, which requires no mandatory repayment or
    redemption (other than customary change of control or asset sale offers
    or upon any event of default) prior to the date which is 91 days later
    than the latest maturity date of the Term B Loan Facility and any
    Incremental Facility, maturing at least 91 days after the latest
    maturity date of the Term B Loan Facility and any Incremental Facility
    subject to no default or event of default having occurred (before or
    after giving effect to such incurrence) and the Borrowers Total
    Leverage Ratio (calculated on a pro forma basis) not exceeding 4.25 to
    1.00; provided that the aggregate amount of such indebtedness that may
    be incurred under this clause (viii) by restricted subsidiaries that
    are not or do not become Guarantors, together with debt incurred under
    the second succeeding paragraph, shall be limited to an aggregate
    amount to be agreed, (ix) a general debt basket equal to $50.0 million,
    (x) a nonguarantor debt basket in an amount to be agreed and (xi)
    certain ordinary course performance guarantees);
 
Annex I-14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	
    (b)    limitations on liens (which shall permit, among other things to
    be agreed, (i) junior liens securing any secured debt issued pursuant
    to clause (a)(iv) above, (ii) liens on the Collateral securing
    Refinancing Indebtedness, (iii) liens securing debt assumed in
    connection with a Permitted Acquisition (as defined below); provided 
    that, such liens extend to the same assets (and any after acquired
    assets attaching thereto as a matter of law) that such liens extended
    to, and secure the same indebtedness, that such liens secured,
    immediately prior to such assumptionand were not created in
    contemplation thereof, (iv) a general lien basket equal to $50.0
    million and (v) liens securing indebtedness of non-guarantor
    subsidiaries, provided such liens only extend to assets of
    non-guarantor subsidiaries);
   	
    (c)    limitations on asset sales (including sales of subsidiaries)
    (which shall be permitted on the terms set forth in the third
    succeeding paragraph);
   	
    (d)    limitations on investments, including acquisitions (which, among
    other things to be agreed, shall permit (i) acquisitions on the terms
    set forth in the fourth succeeding paragraph, (ii) a general investment
    basket in an amount to be agreed plus, subject to the Borrower being
    able to incur $1 of debt under the Total Leverage Ratio test described
    above under clause (a)(iv) under Negative Covenants on a pro forma
    basis, the Available Amount Basket and (iii) unlimited investments
    subject to no event of default existing or resulting therefrom and
    compliance on a pro forma basis with a Total Leverage Ratio of 3.00 to
    1.00 (the Leverage Based Investment Basket));
 
Annex I-15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	
    (e)    limitations on dividends or distributions on, or redemptions of,
    the Borrowers or any restricted subsidiarys equity (Restricted
    Payments) (which shall permit, among other things to be agreed, (i) a
    general Restricted Payment basket of, subject to no event of default
    existing or resulting therefrom, $25.0 million plus, subject to no
    event of default existing or resulting therefrom and compliance on a
    pro forma basis with a Total Leverage Ratio of 4.00 to 1.00, the
    Available Amount Basket, (ii) unlimited Restricted Payments subject to
    no event of default existing or resulting therefrom and compliance on a
    pro forma basis with a Total Leverage Ratio of 2.75 to 1.00 (the 
    Leverage Based RP Basket) and (iii) subject to no event of default
    existing or resulting therefrom, re-purchases of up to $60.0 million
    per fiscal year of the Borrowers common stock;
   	
    (f)     limitations on prepayments or redemptions of subordinated or
    junior lien indebtedness for borrowed money, or the 2022 Convertible
    Notes (collectively, Junior Debt) or amendments of the documents
    governing such Junior Debt in a manner materially adverse to the
    Lenders (which shall permit, among other things to be agreed (i) a
    general prepayment basket in an amount to be agreed plus, subject to
    the Borrower being able to incur $1 of debt under the Total Leverage
    Ratio test described above under clause (a)(iv) under Negative
    Covenants on a pro forma basis, the Available Amount Basket, (ii)
    unlimited prepayments subject to no event of default existing or
    resulting therefrom and compliance on a pro forma basis with a Total
    Leverage Ratio of 3.00 to 1.00 (the Leverage Based Prepayments Basket
    ), (iii) refinancing or exchanges of Junior Debt for like or junior
    debt subject to terms and conditions to be set forth in the Credit
    Documentation and (iv) conversion of Junior Debt to common or
    qualified preferred equity);
   	
    (g)    limitations on agreements restricting distributions, dividends
    and other specified transfers from restricted subsidiaries to the
    Borrower or any Guarantor, fundamental changes and negative pledge
    clauses;
   	
    (h)    limitations on transactions with affiliates;
 
Annex I-16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	
    (i)     limitations on changes in fiscal year and in lines of business;
    and
   	
    (j)     modifying organizational documents in a manner materially
    adverse to Lenders
   	
  The negative covenants will be subject, in the case of each of the
  foregoing covenants to exceptions, qualifications and baskets to be set
  forth in the Credit Documentation. In addition, the negative covenants
  described in clauses (d), (e) and (f) above shall include an Available
  Amount Basket, which shall mean a cumulative amount equal to (a) 50% of
  Excess Cash Flow (provided that the calculation of Excess Cash Flow shall
  exclude Excess Cash Flow generated by non-U.S. subsidiaries that would be
  prohibited under any applicable laws from being repatriated to the United
  States or that the Borrower determines in good faith would result in a
  tax liability that is material to the amount of funds otherwise required
  to be repatriated (including any withholding tax) if repatriated to the
  United States) for each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal year
  ending March 31, 2018), plus (b) the cash proceeds of new public or
  private qualified equity issuances or an equity capital contribution to
  the Borrower (other than disqualified stock) after the Closing Date, plus
  (c) the aggregate cash proceeds from debt and disqualified stock incurred
  after the Closing Date exchanged or converted into qualified equity, plus
  (d) the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower and its restricted
  subsidiaries after the Closing Date from sales of investments made using
  the Available Amount Basket (up to the amount, when combined with any
  amount set forth in clause (e) below, of the original investment), plus
  (e) returns, profits, distributions and similar amounts received in cash
  or cash equivalents by the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries after
  the Closing Date on investments made using the Available Amount Basket
  (up to the amount, when combined with any amount set forth in clause (f)
  above, of the original investment), plus (f) the investments of the
  Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries in any unrestricted subsidiary
  out of the Available Amount Basket that has been re-designated as a
  restricted subsidiary or that has been merged or consolidated with or
  into the Borrower or any of its restricted subsidiaries after the Closing
  Date (up to the fair market value of the original investments by the
  Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries in such unrestricted subsidiary)
  minus (g) all Restricted Payments made pursuant to the Leverage Based RP
  Basket, all investments made pursuant to the Leverage Based Investment
  Basket and all prepayments made pursuant to the Leverage Based Prepayment
  Basket; provided that in no event shall the Available Amount Basket at
  any time be less than $0.
 
Annex I-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	
  The Borrower or any restricted subsidiary will be permitted to incur
  and/or assume indebtedness in connection with a Permitted Acquisition so
  long as (i) with respect to any newly incurred indebtedness, (x) the
  maturity date of such indebtedness is no earlier than 91 days later than
  the final maturity date of the Term B Loan Facility and any Incremental
  Facility, (y) such indebtedness requires no mandatory repayment or
  redemption (other than customary change of control or asset sale offers
  or upon any event of default) prior to the date which is 91 days later
  than the latest maturity date of the Term B Loan Facility and any
  Incremental Facility, and (z) such indebtedness is unsecured or is only
  secured to the extent permitted pursuant to clause (b) under the heading
  Negative Covenants above, (ii) with respect to assumed indebtedness,
  such indebtedness is only the obligation of the person and/or persons
  subsidiaries that are acquired or that acquired the relevant assets and
  such indebtedness was not incurred in contemplation of such acquisitions,
  (iii) the Total Leverage Ratio (calculated on a pro forma basis) would
  not exceed 4.25 to 1.00 and (iv) before and after giving effect thereto,
  no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing; provided 
  that the aggregate amount of indebtedness that may be incurred under this
  paragraph by restricted subsidiaries that are not Guarantors together
  with debt incurred under clause (a)(viii) of the first paragraph under 
  Negative Covenants shall not exceed an amount to be agreed.
   	
  The Borrower or any restricted subsidiary will be permitted to make
  non-ordinary course of business asset sales or dispositions so long as
  (a) such sales or dispositions are for fair market value, (b) at least
  75% of the consideration for asset sales and dispositions shall consist
  of cash or cash equivalents (subject to exceptions to be set forth in the
  Credit Documentation, which shall include a basket for non-cash
  consideration that may be designated as cash consideration in an amount
  equal to 2.0% of the Borrowers consolidated total assets) and (c) before
  and after giving effect to such asset sale, no event of default has
  occurred and is continuing.
   	
  The Borrower or any restricted subsidiary will be permitted to make
  acquisitions of the equity interests in a person that becomes a
  restricted subsidiary, or all or substantially all of the assets (or all
  or substantially all the assets constituting a business unit, division,
  product line or line of business) of any person (each, a Permitted
  Acquisition) so long as (a) there is no event of default existing at the
  time of or after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition, (b) the
  acquired company or assets are in a similar, ancillary, complementary or
  related line of business as the Borrower and its subsidiaries and (c)
  subject to the limitations set forth in Guarantees and Security
  above, the acquired company and its subsidiaries (other than any
  subsidiaries of the acquired company designated as an unrestricted
  subsidiary as provided in Unrestricted Subsidiaries below) will become
  Guarantors and pledge their Collateral to the Administrative Agent.
  Acquisitions of entities that do not become Guarantors and of assets by
  entities that are not Guarantors shall not exceed an amount to be agreed.
 
Annex I-18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial Maintenance Covenants: 	   	None.
Unrestricted Subsidiaries: 	   	The board of directors of the Borrower may 
at any time after the Closing Date designate any restricted subsidiary as 
an unrestricted subsidiary or any unrestricted subsidiary as a restricted 
subsidiary; provided that (i) immediately before and after such designation 
on a pro forma basis, no default or event of default shall have occurred 
and be continuing and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such 
designation or redesignation, the Borrower shall be able to incur at least 
$1 of debt under the Total Leverage Ratio test described above under clause 
(a)(iv) under Negative Covenants. The designation of any subsidiary as an 
unrestricted subsidiary after the Closing Date shall constitute an 
investment by the Borrower therein at the date of designation in an amount 
equal to the fair market value of the Borrowers investment therein. The 
designation of any unrestricted subsidiary as a restricted subsidiary shall 
constitute (i) the incurrence at the time of designation of any investment, 
indebtedness or liens of such unrestricted subsidiary existing at such time 
and (ii) a return on any investment by the Borrower or any restricted 
subsidiary in an unrestricted subsidiary pursuant to the preceding sentence 
in an amount equal to the fair market value at the date of such designation 
of the Borrowers investment in such subsidiary. Unrestricted subsidiaries 
will not be subject to the representation and warranties, affirmative or 
negative covenant or event of default provisions of the Credit 
Documentation and the results of operations and indebtedness of 
unrestricted subsidiaries will not be taken into account for purposes of 
determining compliance with any financial ratio contained in the Credit 
Documentation.
Events of Default: 	   	Limited to the following (to be applicable to the 
Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries only): nonpayment of principal 
when due; nonpayment of interest or other amounts after a customary five 
(5) business day grace period; violation of covenants (subject, in the case 
of affirmative covenants (other than notices of default and maintenance of 
the Borrowers existence), to a thirty (30) day grace period); any 
representation or warranty proving to have been materially incorrect when 
made; cross default to indebtedness of an amount in excess of an amount to 
be agreed; bankruptcy or other insolvency events of the Borrower or its 
material restricted subsidiaries (with a 60 day grace period for 
involuntary events); unpaid or unstayed monetary judgments of an amount in 
excess of an amount to be agreed; customary ERISA events; actual or 
asserted invalidity of a material portion of the Guarantees, the security 
documents or any security interest in Collateral and change of control with 
respect to the Borrower (to be defined in a customary and mutually 
agreeable manner).
 
Annex I-19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assignments and Participations: 	   	Each Lender will be permitted to make 
assignments in minimum amounts to be agreed to other entities approved by 
(x) the Administrative Agent and (y) so long as no payment or bankruptcy 
default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower, each such approval 
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that (i) no 
approval of the Borrower shall be required in connection with assignments 
to other Lenders or any of their affiliates or approved funds, (ii) the 
Borrower shall be deemed to have given consent to an assignment if it shall 
have failed to respond to a written request within 10 business days of 
Borrowers receipt of such written request and (iii) no approval of the 
Administrative Agent shall be required in connection with assignments to 
other Lenders or any of their affiliates or approved funds. Each Lender 
will also have the right, without consent of the Borrower or the 
Administrative Agent, to assign as security all or part of its rights under 
the Credit Documentation to any Federal Reserve Bank. Lenders will be 
permitted to sell participations with voting rights limited to customary 
significant matters. An assignment fee in the amount of $3,500 will be 
charged with respect to each assignment unless waived by the Administrative 
Agent in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no loans or 
commitments shall be assigned or participated to (x) the Borrower or any of 
its subsidiaries (except as permitted below), (y) any natural person or (z) 
Disqualified Lenders to the extent the list of Disqualified Lenders has 
been made available to all Lenders.
   	In addition, loans under the Term B Loan Facility may be purchased by 
and assigned to the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries on a non-pro rata 
basis through (a) open market purchases or (b) Dutch auctions open to all 
applicable Lenders on a pro rata basis in accordance with customary 
procedures, in each case, subject to conditions to be set forth in the 
Credit Documentation, including that (1) no default or event of default has 
occurred and is continuing, (2) any such loans are permanently cancelled 
immediately upon acquisition thereof and (3) the Borrower or any such 
subsidiaries shall either (x) make a representation that it is not in 
possession of material non-public information with respect to the Borrower, 
its subsidiaries or their respective securities or (y) disclose to the 
assigning Lender that it cannot make such representation.
Waivers and Amendments: 	   	Amendments and waivers of the provisions of 
the Credit Documentation will require the approval of Lenders holding more 
than 50% of the Term B Loan Facility (the Required Lenders), except that 
(a) the con-sent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby 
will also be required with respect to (i) increases in commitment amount of 
such Lender, (ii) reductions of principal, interest, or fees payable to 
such Lender (other than waivers of default interest, a default or event of 
default or mandatory prepayment); (iii) extensions of scheduled maturities 
or times for payment of amounts payable to such Lender (it being understood 
and agreed that the amendment or waiver of any mandatory prepayment, waiver 
of default interest, default or event of default shall only require the 
consent of the Required Lenders) and (iv) changes in certain pro rata 
provisions and the waterfall from enforcement and (b) the consent of each 
Lender shall be required with respect to (i) releases of all or 
substantially all of the Collateral or the release of all or substantially 
all of the value of any guarantees (other than in connection with permitted 
asset sales, dispositions, mergers, liquidations or dissolutions or as 
otherwise permitted under the Credit Documentation) and (ii) the percentage 
contained in the definition of Required Lenders or other voting provisions.
 
Annex I-20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	In connection with any proposed amendment, modification, waiver or 
termination (a Proposed Change) requiring the consent of all Lenders or 
all directly and adversely affected Lenders, if the consent to such 
Proposed Change of other Lenders whose consent is required is not obtained 
(but the consent of the Required Lenders or Lenders holding more than 50% 
of the directly and adversely affected facility, as applicable, is 
obtained) (any such Lender whose consent is not obtained being referred to 
as a Non-Consenting Lender), then the Borrower may, at its option and at 
its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Non-Consenting Lender and 
the Administrative Agent, require such Non-Consenting Lender to assign and 
delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to customary 
restrictions on assignment), all its interests, rights and obligations 
under the Credit Documentation to an assignee that shall assume such 
obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such 
assignment); provided that, such Non-Consenting Lender shall have received 
payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its loans, 
accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts then due and 
owing to it under the Credit Documentation (at the option of the Borrower, 
with respect to the class or classes of loans or commitments subject to 
such Proposed Change) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding 
principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of 
all other amounts). The Credit Documentation shall contain other customary 
yank-a-bank provisions.
   	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Credit 
Documentation shall provide that the Borrower may at any time and from time 
to time request that all or a portion of any loans under the Term B Loan 
Facility be converted to extend the scheduled maturity date of any payment 
of principal with respect to all or a portion of any principal amount of 
such loans (any such loans which have been so converted, Extended Loans) 
and upon such request of the Borrower, any individual Lender shall have the 
right to agree to extend the maturity date of its outstanding loans without 
the consent of any other Lender or the Required Lenders; provided that all 
such requests shall be made prorata to all Lenders within the Term B Loan 
Facility. The terms of Extended Loans shall be identical to the loans of 
the existing class from such Extended Loans are converted except for 
interest rates, fees, amortization (so long as the weighted average life to 
maturity of the Extended Loans exceeds the then remaining weighted average 
life to maturity of the Term B Loan Facility), final maturity date or final 
termination date, provisions permitting optional and mandatory prepayments 
to be directed first to the non-extended loans prior to being applied to 
Extended Loans and certain other customary provisions to be agreed.
 
Annex I-21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Indemnification: 	   	The Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger and the 
Lenders and their respective affiliates and controlling persons and their 
respective officers, directors, employees, partners, agents, advisors and 
other representatives (each, an indemnified person) will be indemnified 
for and held harmless against, any losses, claims, damages and liabilities 
(it being understood that any such losses, claims, damages or liabilities 
that consist of legal fees and/or expenses shall be limited to the 
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other 
charges of one firm of counsel for all such indemnified persons, taken as a 
whole and, if necessary, by a single firm of local counsel in each 
appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special 
counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for all such indemnified persons, 
taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or potential conflict of 
interest where the indemnified person affected by such conflict notifies 
Borrower of the existence of such conflict and thereafter retains its own 
counsel, by another firm of counsel for all such affected indemnified 
persons)) incurred in respect of the Credit Documentation, the Term B Loan 
Facility or the use or the proposed use of proceeds thereof, the 
Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, except to the 
extent they arise from the (a) gross negligence or willful misconduct of, 
or material breach of the Credit Documentation by, such indemnified person 
(or any of its Related Parties) as determined by a final, non-appealable 
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, or (b) material breach of 
such indemnified persons (or any of its Related Parties) obligations 
under the Credit Documentation, as determined by a final, non-appealable 
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (c) any dispute solely 
among the indemnified persons (or any of their Related Parties) (other than 
any claims against an indemnified person in its capacity as the 
Administrative Agent or Lead Arranger or similar role under the Term B Loan 
Facility) and not arising out of any act or omission of the Borrower or any 
of its affiliates.
Governing Law: 	   	New York.
Expenses: 	   	Following written demand (including documentation reasonably 
supporting such request), the Borrower will pay all reasonable and 
documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses associated with the 
preparation, due diligence, administration, syndication and closing of all 
Credit Documentation (in the case of legal fees and expenses, limited to 
the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Cahill 
Gordon & Reindel LLP and of any local counsel to the Lenders retained by 
the Lead Arranger or the Administrative Agent, limited to one counsel in 
each relevant jurisdiction, which, in each case, shall exclude allocated 
costs of in-house counsel); provided that if the Closing Date does not 
occur and no termination fee is paid to you pursuant to Section 7.2(c) of 
the Acquisition Agreement or no expense reimbursement is paid to you 
pursuant to Section 7.2(b) of the Acquisition Agreement, the aggregate 
reimbursement by you of such fees and expenses shall not exceed $250,000. 
The Borrower will also, if the Closing Date occurs, pay the reasonable and 
other counsel (in total) to all of the Lenders (in the absence of conflict) 
in connection with the enforcement of any of the Credit Documentation.
 
Annex I-22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Counsel to the 	   	
Commitment Party: 	   	Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP.
Miscellaneous: 	   	Each of the parties shall (i) waive its right to a 
trial by jury and (ii) submit to exclusive New York jurisdiction. The 
Credit Documentation shall contain (x) customary provisions for replacing 
the commitments of a (i) defaulting lender and (ii) a Lender seeking 
indemnity for increased costs or grossed-up tax payments and (y) customary 
EU Bail-In provisions.
 
Annex I-23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX II

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the same meanings as 
specified therefor in the Commitment Letter to which this Annex II is 
attached.

The initial extensions of credit under the Term B Loan Facility will, 
subject in all respects to the Funds Certain Provisions, be subject to 
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

(i) The Merger shall have been, or shall substantially concurrently be, 
consummated in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of 
Merger, dated February 13, 2017 among Merger Sub, the Borrower and the 
Target (together with all Schedules and Exhibits thereto, the Acquisition 
Agreement) without giving effect to any consent or amendment, change or 
supplement or waiver of any provision thereof (including any change in the 
purchase price) in any manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of the Initial Lender or the Lead Arranger (in their capacities as such) 
without the prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed 
or conditioned) of the Commitment Party; provided that (i) any immaterial 
reduction in the purchase price for the Acquisition set forth in the 
Acquisition Agreement shall not be deemed to be material and adverse to the 
interests of the Initial Lender (in its capacity as such) and (ii) any 
increase in the purchase price set forth in the Acquisition Agreement shall 
be deemed to be not material and adverse to the interests of the Initial 
Lender (in its capacity as such) so long as such purchase price increase is 
funded with cash on hand and/or proceeds of common equity of the Borrower.

(ii) Since September 25, 2016, there shall not have occurred a Company 
Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement).

(iii) The Administrative Agent shall have received the Solvency Certificate 
from the Borrowers chief financial officer or other person with similar 
responsibilities in substantially the form attached hereto on Annex III.

(iv) The Administrative Agent shall have received (A) customary opinions of 
counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantors, (B) customary corporate (or 
other organizational) resolutions from the Borrower and the Guarantors, 
customary secretarys certificates from the Borrower and the Guarantors 
appending such resolutions, charter documents and an incumbency certificate 
and (C) a customary borrowing notice (provided that such notice shall not 
include any representation or statement as to the absence (or existence) of 
any default or event of default).

(v) The Administrative Agent shall have received: (A) the audited 
consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of 
operations, cash flows and shareholders equity of each of the Borrower and 
the Target for the three most recently completed fiscal years of the 
Borrower and the Target, respectively, ended at least 90 days before the 
Closing Date; (B) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related 
statements of operations and cash flows of each of the Borrower and the 
Target for each subsequent fiscal quarter of the Borrower and the Target, 
respectively, ended at least 45 days before the Closing Date (the 
Quarterly Financial Statements); and (C) a pro forma balance sheet and 
related statement of operations of the Borrower and its subsidiaries 
(including the Acquired Business) as of and for the twelve-month period 
ending with the latest quarterly period of the Borrower covered by the 
Quarterly Financial Statements, in each case after giving effect to the 
Transaction (the Pro Forma Financial Statements), which need not comply 
with the requirements of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act, as 
amended, or include adjustments for purchase accounting or any 
reconciliation to generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States. The Administrative Agent hereby acknowledges receipt of (i) the 
audited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of 
operations, cash flows and shareholders equity for the Targets fiscal 
year ended on December 31, 2015, December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 
(ii) audited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated 
statements of operations, cash flows and shareholders equity for the 
Borrowers fiscal year ended on April 3, 2016, March 29, 2015 and March 30, 
2014, (iii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related 
statements of operations and cash flows of the Targets fiscal quarters 
ended on March 27, 2016, June 26, 2016 and September 25, 2016 and (iv) the 
unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of operations 
and cash flows of Borrower for the fiscal quarters ended on July 3, 2016, 
October 2, 2016 and January 1, 2017 (collectively, the Delivered Financial 
Information).
 
Annex II-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(vi) The Lead Arranger shall have received a customary Information 
Memorandum (other than portions thereof customarily provided by financing 
arrangers and limited, in the case of the financial information to the 
financial statements described in clauses (A) and (B) of paragraph (v) 
above (it being understood that only the Delivered Financial Information 
shall be required to be delivered under this clause (vi)) (the Required 
Information) for the Term B Loan Facility not later than 15 consecutive 
business days prior to the Closing Date.

(vii) All fees due to the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger and the 
Lenders under the Fee Letter and the Commitment Letter to be paid on or 
prior to the Closing Date, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket 
expenses to be paid or reimbursed under the Commitment Letter to the 
Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger on or prior to the Closing Date 
that have been invoiced at least three business days prior to the Closing 
Date, shall have been paid, in each case, from the proceeds of the initial 
funding under the Term B Loan Facility (which amounts may be offset against 
the proceeds of the Term B Loan Facility).

(viii) The Refinancing shall have been, or shall substantially concurrently 
with the initial funding of the Term B Loan Facility be, consummated.

(ix) The Borrower and each of the Guarantors shall have provided the 
documentation and other information to the Administrative Agent that are 
required by regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer 
rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, at least 3 business days 
prior to the Closing Date to the extent such information has been 
reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent at least 10 
business days prior to the Closing Date.

(x) Subject in all respects to the Funds Certain Provisions, all documents 
and instruments required to create and perfect the Administrative Agents 
security interests in the Collateral shall have been executed and delivered 
by the Borrower and the Guarantors (or, where applicable, the Borrower and 
the Guarantors shall have authorized the filing of financing statements 
under the Uniform Commercial Code) and, if applicable, be in proper form 
for filing.
 
Annex II-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX III

SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE1

[             ], 201[     ]

This SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE (this Certificate) is delivered in connection 
with that certain Credit Agreement dated as of [            ], 201[        
] (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated, replaced, or otherwise 
modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement) among Integrated Device 
Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), [                
    ], as administrative agent and collateral agent, the financial 
institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders and the other 
parties thereto. Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the 
same meanings as in the Credit Agreement.

As of the date hereof, in my capacity as a Responsible Officer of Company 
(as defined below), and not in my individual or personal capacity, I 
believe that:

1. Company (as used herein Company means the Borrower and its 
subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is not now, nor will the incurrence of the 
obligations under the Credit Agreement and the consummation of the 
Acquisition on the Closing Date (and after giving effect to the application 
of the proceeds of the Loans), on a pro forma basis, render Company 
insolvent as defined in this paragraph; in this context, insolvent 
means that (i) the fair value of assets (on a going concern basis) of the 
Company is less than the amount that will be required to pay the total 
liability on existing debts as they become absolute and matured, (ii) the 
present fair salable value of assets (on a going concern basis) of the 
Company is less than the amount that will be required to pay the total 
liability on existing debts as they become absolute and matured in the 
ordinary course of business, or (iii) the Company ceases to pay its current 
obligations in the ordinary course of business as they generally become 
due. The term debts as used in this Certificate includes any legal 
liability, whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, 
absolute, fixed or contingent and values of assets shall mean the amount 
of which the assets (both tangible and intangible) in their entirety would 
change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller, with a 
commercially reasonable period of time, each having reasonable knowledge of 
the relevant facts, with neither being under compulsion to act.

2. The incurrence of the obligations under the Credit Agreement and the 
consummation of the other Transactions on the Closing Date (and after 
giving effect to the application of the proceeds of the Loans), on a pro 
forma basis, will not leave Company with property remaining in its hands 
constituting unreasonably small capital. I understand that unreasonably 
small capital depends upon the nature of the particular business or 
businesses conducted or to be conducted, and I have reached my conclusion 
based on my current assumptions regarding the needs and anticipated needs 
for capital of the businesses conducted or anticipated to be conducted by 
Company in light of projected financial statements and available credit 
capacity, which current assumption I do not believe to be unreasonable in 
light of the circumstances applicable thereto.
 
1  	Defined terms to be aligned with those in the definitive Credit 
Agreement, but consistent with this form of solvency certificate.
 
Annex III-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Solvency Certificate 
in such undersigneds capacity as an officer of the Borrower, on behalf of 
the Borrower, and not individually, as of the date first above written.
 
INTEGRATED DEVICE TECHNOLOGY, INC.
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:

Signature Page to Solvency Certificate
 