 EX-10.6 7 d300797dex106.htm EX-10.6
Exhibit 10.6

EXHIBIT A

RADIAN GROUP INC.
2014 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN

PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

These Terms and Conditions (Terms and Conditions) are part of the 
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant made as of             , 2017 
(the Grant Date), by Radian Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), to S.A. Ibrahim, an employee of the Company (the Grantee).


RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Radian Group Inc. 2014 Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan) 
permits the grant of Restricted Stock Units in accordance with the terms 
and provisions of the Plan;

WHEREAS, the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock Units to the 
Grantee, and the Grantee desires to accept such Restricted Stock Units, on 
the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, pursuant to the 
Retirement Agreement between the Grantee and the Company dated February 8, 
2017 (the Retirement Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the applicable provisions of the Plan are incorporated into these 
Terms and Conditions by reference, including the definitions of terms 
contained in the Plan (unless such terms are otherwise defined herein).

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, 
agree as follows:
 
1. 	Grant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units.

The Company hereby awards to the Grantee                      Restricted 
Stock Units (hereinafter, the Restricted Stock Units), subject to the 
vesting and other conditions of these Terms and Conditions.
 
2. 	Vesting.

(a)    General Vesting Terms. The Restricted Stock Units will only vest if 
the closing price of the Companys Common Stock on the New York Stock 
Exchange for any ten consecutive trading days during the performance period 
commencing ten trading days prior to the first anniversary of the Grant 
Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Grant Date equals or 
exceeds $         (which is 120% of the fair market value of the Companys 
Common Stock on the Grant Date) (the Stock Price Hurdle), except as 
provided in subsections (b) and (c) below. If the Stock Price Hurdle has 
not been met on the first anniversary of the Grant Date, the Restricted 
Stock Units will vest on the first date after the first anniversary of the 
Grant Date on which the Stock Price Hurdle is met. The Stock Price Hurdle 
must be met by the fifth anniversary of the Grant Date in order for the 
Restricted Stock Units to vest under this Section 2(a). If the Stock Price 
Hurdle is not met by the fifth anniversary of the Grant Date, except as 
provided in subsections (b) and (c) below, the Restricted Stock Units will 
be forfeited.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    Death. In the event of the Grantees death prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Grant Date, the Restricted Stock Units will 
automatically vest in full on the date of the Grantees death, regardless 
of whether the Stock Price Hurdle has been met.

(c)    Change of Control. In the event a Change in Control occurs prior to 
the fifth anniversary of the Grant Date, the Restricted Stock Units will 
automatically vest in full on the date of the Change in Control, regardless 
of whether the Stock Price Hurdle has been met.
 
3. 	Restricted Stock Units Account.

The Company shall establish a bookkeeping account on its records for the 
Grantee and shall credit the Grantees Restricted Stock Units to the 
bookkeeping account.
 
4. 	Conversion of Restricted Stock Units.

(a)    If the Restricted Stock Units vest in accordance with Section 2, the 
vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid within 30 days after the 
applicable vesting date.

(b)    On the payment date, each vested Restricted Stock Unit credited to 
the Grantees account shall be settled in whole shares of Common Stock of 
the Company equal to the number of vested Restricted Stock Units, subject 
to the payment of any federal, state, local, or foreign withholding taxes 
as described in Section 11 below, and subject to compliance with the 
Restrictive Covenants (as defined below). The obligation of the Company to 
distribute shares upon vesting shall be subject to the rights of the 
Company as set forth in the Plan and to all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations, and such approvals by governmental agencies as may be deemed 
appropriate by the Committee, including as set forth in Section 13 below.
 
5. 	Certain Corporate Changes.

If any change is made to the Common Stock (whether by reason of merger, 
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock 
split, combination of shares, or exchange of shares or any other change in 
capital structure made without receipt of consideration), then unless such 
event or change results in the termination of all the Restricted Stock 
Units granted under these Terms and Conditions, the Committee shall adjust, 
as provided in the Plan, the number and class of shares underlying the 
Restricted Stock Units held by the Grantee to reflect the effect of such 
event or change in the Companys capital structure in such a way as to 
preserve the value of the Restricted Stock Units. Any adjustment that 
occurs under the terms of this Section 5 or the Plan will not change the 
timing or form of payment with respect to any Restricted Stock Units except 
in accordance with section 409A of the Code.
 
6. 	Restrictive Covenants.

(a)    The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that, in consideration for grant 
of the Restricted Stock Units, the Grantee remains subject to the 
Restrictive Covenants described in Section 3 of the Retirement Agreement 
(the Restrictive Covenants).
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that in the event that it is 
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Grantee breached 
any of the Restrictive Covenants (other than the Code of Conduct, as 
defined in the Retirement Agreement) or that Grantee materially breached 
the Code of Conduct:

(i)    The Committee may in its discretion determine that the Grantee shall 
forfeit the outstanding Restricted Stock Units (without regard to whether 
the Restricted Stock Units have vested), and the outstanding Restricted 
Stock Units shall immediately terminate; and

(ii)    The Committee may in its discretion require the Grantee to return 
to the Company any shares of Common Stock received in settlement of the 
Restricted Stock Units; provided, that if the Grantee has disposed of any 
shares of Common Stock received upon settlement of the Restricted Stock 
Units, then the Committee may require the Grantee to pay to the Company, in 
cash, the fair market value of such shares of Common Stock as of the date 
of disposition.    The Committee shall exercise the right of recoupment 
provided in this subsection (ii) within 180 days after the court of 
competent jurisdictions determination described above.
 
7. 	No Stockholder Rights.

The Grantee has no voting rights and no rights to receive dividends or 
dividend equivalents or other ownership rights and privileges of a 
stockholder with respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to the 
Restricted Stock Units.
 
8. 	Retention Rights.

Neither the award of Restricted Stock Units, nor any other action taken 
with respect to the Restricted Stock Units, shall confer upon the Grantee 
any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or an 
Affiliate or shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or an 
Affiliate to terminate Grantees employment or service at any time.
 
9. 	Notice.

Any notice to the Company provided for in these Terms and Conditions shall 
be addressed to it in care of the Corporate Secretary of the Company, 1601 
Market Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-2197, and any notice to the 
Grantee shall be addressed to such Grantee at the current address shown on 
the payroll system of the Company or an Affiliate thereof, or to such other 
address as the Grantee may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice 
provided for hereunder shall be delivered by hand, sent by telecopy or 
electronic mail, or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as 
stated above, registered and deposited, postage and registry fee prepaid in 
the United States mail, or other mail delivery service. Notice to the 
Company shall be deemed effective upon receipt. By receipt of these Terms 
and Conditions, the Grantee hereby consents to the delivery of information 
(including without limitation, information required to be delivered to the 
Grantee pursuant to the applicable securities laws) regarding the Company, 
the Plan, and the Restricted Stock Units via the Companys electronic mail 
system or other electronic delivery system.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10. 	Incorporation of Plan by Reference.

These Terms and Conditions are made pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the 
terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, and shall in all 
respects be interpreted in accordance therewith. The decisions of the 
Committee shall be conclusive upon any question arising hereunder. The 
Grantees receipt of the Restricted Stock Units awarded under these Terms 
and Conditions constitutes such Grantees acknowledgment that all decisions 
and determinations of the Committee with respect to the Plan, these Terms 
and Conditions, and/or the Restricted Stock Units shall be final and 
binding on the Grantee, his or her beneficiaries, and any other person 
having or claiming an interest in such Restricted Stock Units. The 
settlement of any award with respect to Restricted Stock Units is subject 
to the provisions of the Plan and to interpretations, regulations, and 
determinations concerning the Plan as established from time to time by the 
Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. A copy of the Plan 
will be furnished to each Grantee upon request. Additional copies may be 
obtained from the Corporate Secretary of the Company, 1601 Market Street, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-2197.
 
11. 	Income Taxes; Withholding Taxes.

The Grantee is solely responsible for the satisfaction of all taxes and 
penalties that may arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units 
pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. At the time of taxation, the 
Company shall have the right to deduct from other compensation, or from 
amounts payable upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, an amount 
equal to the federal (including FICA), state, local and foreign income and 
payroll taxes and other amounts as may be required by law to be withheld 
with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. Subject to approval by the 
Committee and unless the Grantee otherwise notifies the Company that he 
will pay the taxes in cash, taxes may be withheld upon settlement of the 
Restricted Stock Units by withholding shares of the Companys Common Stock, 
provided that any share withholding shall not exceed the Grantees minimum 
applicable withholding tax rate for federal (including FICA), state, local, 
and foreign tax liabilities, unless the Committee determines otherwise, 
consistent with the terms of the Plan.
 
12. 	Governing Law.

The validity, construction, interpretation, and effect of this instrument 
shall exclusively be governed by, and determined in accordance with, the 
applicable laws of the State of Delaware, excluding any conflicts or choice 
of law rule or principle.
 
13. 	Grant Subject to Applicable Laws and Company Policies.

These Terms and Conditions shall be subject to any required approvals by 
any governmental or regulatory agencies. This award of Restricted Stock 
Units shall also be subject to any applicable clawback or recoupment 
policies, share trading policies, and other policies that may be 
implemented by the Board from time to time in accordance with applicable 
law. Notwithstanding anything in these Terms and Conditions to the 
contrary, the Plan, these Terms and Conditions, and the Restricted Stock 
Units awarded hereunder shall be subject to all applicable laws, including 
any laws, regulations, restrictions, or governmental guidance that becomes 
applicable in the event of the Companys participation in any governmental 
programs, and the Committee reserves the right to modify these Terms and 
Conditions and the Restricted Stock Units as necessary to conform to any 
restrictions imposed by any such laws, regulations,
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
restrictions, or governmental guidance or to conform to any applicable 
clawback or recoupment policies, share trading policies, and other policies 
that may be implemented by the Board from time to time. As a condition of 
participating in the Plan, and by the Grantees acceptance of the 
Restricted Stock Units, the Grantee is deemed to have agreed to any such 
modifications that may be imposed by the Committee, and agrees to sign such 
waivers or acknowledgments as the Committee may deem necessary or 
appropriate with respect to such modifications.
 
14. 	Assignment.

These Terms and Conditions shall bind and inure to the benefit of the 
successors and assignees of the Company. The Grantee may not sell, assign, 
transfer, pledge, or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Stock Units, 
except to a Successor Grantee in the event of the Grantees death.
 
15. 	Section 409A.

This award of Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with the short 
term deferral exception to section 409A of the Code and shall be 
administered in accordance with section 409A of the Code or such exception. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, payments made with 
respect to this award of Restricted Stock Units may only be made in a 
manner and upon an event permitted by section 409A of the Code or an 
exception. To the extent that any provision of these Terms and Conditions 
would cause a conflict with the requirements of section 409A of the Code or 
an exception, or would cause the administration of the Restricted Stock 
Units to fail to satisfy the requirements of section 409A of the Code, if 
applicable, such provision shall be deemed null and void to the extent 
permitted by applicable law. If this award of Restricted Stock Units is 
subject to section 409A, in no event shall the Grantee, directly or 
indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to 
execute and attest this instrument, and the Grantee has placed his or her 
signature hereon, effective as of the Grant Date set forth above.
 
RADIAN GROUP INC.
By:
Name:
Title:

By electronically acknowledging and accepting this award of Restricted 
Stock Units following the date of the Companys electronic notification to 
the Grantee, the Grantee (a) acknowledges receipt of the Plan incorporated 
herein, (b) acknowledges that he has read the Award Summary delivered in 
connection with this grant of Restricted Stock Units and these Terms and 
Conditions and understands the terms and conditions of them, (c) accepts 
the award of the Restricted Stock Units described in these Terms and 
Conditions, (d) agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and these Terms 
and Conditions, and (e) agrees that all decisions and determinations of the 
Committee with respect to the Restricted Stock Units shall be final and 
binding.
 
5