 EX-10.27 43 d201422dex1027.htm EX-10.27
Exhibit 10.27

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of 
February 21, 2017 (the Effective Date) by and between ATHENEX, INC., a 
company existing under the laws of Delaware having its principal office at 
Conventus Building, 1001 Main Street, Suite 600, Buffalo, New York 14203 
(the Company), and J. Nick Riehle, an individual residing at ### ####### 
#### #######, #### #####, ## #####, USA (Executive).

1. Employment; Term. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement, the Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive 
hereby accepts employment, as Chief Financial Officer, for the period 
beginning on the Effective Date of this Agreement and continuing for an 
initial term of three (3) years (the Term) unless earlier terminated as 
hereinafter set forth. Upon the end of the Term, this Employment Agreement 
shall continue to renew for additional one (1) year Terms until terminated 
pursuant to this Agreement.

2. Position and Duties. During the employment relationship, Executive shall 
serve as Chief Financial Officer, and will report to the Chief Executive 
Officer, and will have such responsibilities, duties and authorities, and 
render such services to the Company as are reasonably consistent with such 
positions and as the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time direct. 
Executive acknowledges that his duties and responsibilities will require 
80% of his full-time business efforts and agrees that during the employment 
relationship, he will not engage in any other business activity or have any 
business pursuits or interests except activities or interests which the 
Chief Executive Officer has determined, in his reasonable judgment, after 
notice by Executive, do not conflict with the business of the Company or 
interfere with the performance of Executives duties hereunder. Executive 
agrees to perform his duties and discharge his responsibilities in a 
diligent, efficient and faithful manner, and to promote the best interests 
of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may devote a 
reasonable amount of time to civic, educational, community, or charitable 
activities that do not interfere with the performance of Executives duties 
and responsibilities hereunder and, with the prior consent of the Chief 
Executive Officer, serve as a director of entities other than the Company. 
Executives duties (the Executive Duties) shall include such duties as 
are assigned to Executive by the Chief Executive Officer from time to time 
and:
 
  	a. 	preserving the business relationships of the Company;
 
  	b. 	participating in the creation, communication, and implementation of 
the Companys vision, mission, and overall direction;
 
  	c. 	participating in the creation of the long- and short-term strategies 
surrounding the marketing of products and services, as well as the research 
and development of current and new products;
 
  	d. 	participating in the execution of delivering the Companys products 
and services;

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	e. 	advising and consulting with the Chief Executive Officer regarding 
employee performance, evaluating employees, hiring and firing employees;
 
  	f. 	actively advancing, developing, and improving the products and 
services of the Company; and
 
  	g. 	becoming an active member of Athenexs executive management team.

3. Salary and Benefits. As consideration and compensation for the Executive 
Duties, the Company shall compensate Executive in the following manner:
 
  	a. 	Base Salary. The Company shall pay Executive a salary of USD Two 
Hundred Ninety Thousand Dollars ($290,000) per year, as may be adjusted 
upward from time to time (the Base Salary), payable in accordance with 
the customary payroll practices of the Company.
 
  	b. 	Bonus. The Executive will also be considered for year end bonus with 
other senior executives and will be awarded at the same range with the 
exact amount to be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of 
Directors.
 
  	c. 	Stock Options. The Compensation Committee of the Board will also 
recommend to the full Board an additional 120,000 shares of Athenex stock 
options under the current Stock Option Plan during the Initial Public 
Offering with a term of ten (10) years, vested in equal installments over 
three (3) years, and the exercise price the same as the Initial Public 
Offering Price.
 
  	d. 	Other Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to fifteen (15) business 
days of paid time off and all paid holidays provided by Athenex to its 
senior executives. At the end of the annual measurement period, any accrued 
and unused paid time off shall be forfeited, except that Executive may 
defer, for a period not to exceed one (1) year, up to five (5) business 
days of his accrued and unused paid time off. In addition, Executive shall, 
during the Term, be entitled to participate in any and all employee welfare 
(including health) plans, fringe benefits, employee benefit plans and 
similar plans of the Company, which shall be comparable to those offered by 
Athenex to its senior executives (collectively, Company Benefits), now or 
hereafter in effect and open to participation by qualifying employees of 
the Company generally. Said participation shall be in accordance with 
eligibility and other requirements, and on terms and conditions, no less 
generous than as provided to senior executives of Athenex.
 
  	e. 	Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all 
reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive in 
the performance of his Executive Duties, subject to the presentation of 
appropriate receipts and expense reports in accordance with the Companys 
policies for expense verification.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Termination.
 
  	a. 	Executives employment hereunder shall continue from the date hereof 
until terminated upon the first to occur of the following events:
 
  	i. 	death or Disability (defined below);
 
  	ii. 	termination by Executive, either for or for no Good Reason; or
 
  	iii. 	termination by the Company, either with or without Cause;
 
  	b. 	Upon termination pursuant to clause 4.a.i. above, Executive (or 
Executives estate, in the event of termination as a result of the death of 
Executive) shall be entitled to receive (i) all compensation or benefits 
required under applicable law or offered generally by the Company to its 
employees in the event of death or disability, (ii) an Annual Bonus, if 
earned, for the calendar year in which the termination occurred (prorated 
for any partial year), and (iii) in the event of Disability, an amount 
sufficient to provide Executive with one (1) year of healthcare coverage 
comparable to that which Executive and his family, if applicable, received 
while employed by the Company. For purposes of this Section 4, the 
Executive shall be deemed Totally Disabled (and termination of his 
employment shall be deemed to be due to such Disability) if the Executive 
is unable to perform the essential functions of the job set forth in this 
Agreement, with or without a reasonable accommodation, and the 
accommodation would not be an undue hardship for the Company, for a period 
of (120) consecutive or one hundred eighty (180) non-consecutive days out 
of any consecutive twelve (12) month period as a result of physical or 
mental illness or loss of legal capacity. If the Executive is prevented 
from performing his duties because of Disability, upon request by the 
Company, the Executive shall submit to an examination by a physician 
selected by the Company, at the Companys expense, and the Executive shall 
also authorize his personal physician to disclose to the selected physician 
all of the Executives relevant medical records.
 
  	c. 	Upon termination pursuant to clause 4.a.ii. without Good Reason, all 
compensation, rights and benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this 
Agreement shall cease immediately, except that Executive shall be entitled 
to receive (i) all compensation or benefits required under applicable law, 
and (ii) if applicable, the amounts paid during the Non-Compete Period, at 
the Companys option, pursuant to Section 5.c.ii.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	f. 	Upon termination pursuant to clause 4.a.iii. for Cause, all 
compensation, rights and benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this 
Agreement shall cease immediately, except that Executive shall be entitled 
to receive all compensation or benefits in a timely manner required under 
applicable law.
 
  	g. 	In the event of a termination of the employment relationship 
pursuant to clause 4.a.ii. for Good Reason or clause 4.a.iii. for any 
reason other than for Cause, Executive shall continue to receive (i) the 
Base Salary provided pursuant to Section 3.a. for the period from the date 
of such termination until the second (2nd) anniversary of the Effective 
Date (the Severance Period), and (ii) in the event that the Non-Compete 
Period extends beyond the Severance Period, if applicable, the amounts paid 
during the Non-Compete Period, at the Companys option, pursuant to Section 
5.c.ii.
 
  	h. 	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the payment by the 
Company of the amounts described in Section 4.b.ii, 4.b.iii, 4.c.ii and 
4.f. shall be contingent upon Executive, or in the case of Executives 
death, the executor of Executives estate, executing a release in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Company.

5. Non-Solicitation; Non-Competition. Executive acknowledges and agrees 
that the expertise and experience of Executive in the business of the 
Company is essential for the growth, success and stability of the Company. 
Executive further acknowledges and understands that the covenants set forth 
in this Section 5 are reasonable and necessary and part of the 
consideration provided to Executive by Athenex pursuant to the Acquisition. 
Therefore, in consideration of the various covenants and obligations of the 
Company pursuant to this Agreement and the other agreements described 
herein, as long as Executive receives the Base Salary, or if applicable, 
amounts paid during the Non-Compete Period, Executive shall not, directly 
or indirectly:
 
  	a. 	
during the employment relationship and two (2) years following the 
termination of the employment relationship, knowingly solicit any Person in 
the employment of the Company (other than via a general advertisement or 
other solicitation not addressed specifically to such Person) to: (i) 
terminate such employment, and/or (ii) accept employment or enter into any 
consulting arrangements with any Person other than the Company; provided, 
however, this provision is not intended to and does not preclude Executive, 
on behalf of himself or another, from offering employment to or hiring any 
Person in the employment of the Company who initiates contact with 
Executive, inquires about employment or consulting opportunities, and/or 
otherwise responds to a general employment or similar notice issued on 
behalf of the Executive or another Person, in each case, without any 
inducement from or on behalf of the Executive. The prohibitions in this 
Section 5.a. include, but are not limited to using social media, such as 
Linkedln, Facebook, and/or Twitter, to directly communicate with any 
employee, customer, supplier, licensee, licensor,
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Prospective Customer or other business relation of the Company or any 
of its Affiliates, it being understood that any general update to 
Executives title or employer on Executives profile on such social media 
shall not be considered such direct communication;
 
  	b. 	during the employment relationship and two (2) years following the 
termination of the employment relationship, call on, solicit, accept 
business from, or provide service to, or sell to any supplier, licensee, 
licensor, customer, Prospective Customer, or other business relation of the 
Company, or induce, encourage or cause any such supplier, licensee, 
licensor, customer, Prospective Customer, or other business relation to 
reduce or terminate its business relationship with the Company;
 
  	c. 	(i) Except as provided in Section 5.c.iii. and subject to Section 
5.c.ii. below, during the employment relationship and one (1) year 
following the termination of the employment relationship (the Non-Compete 
Period), either for himself or for any other Person, own, manage, control, 
participate in, consult with, render services for, permit his name to be 
used or in any other manner or capacity engage in any business or 
enterprise which constitutes a Competitive Business within ninety (90) 
miles of the principal office of the Company as set forth in the 
introduction to this Agreement (or as may be changed on the records of the 
Company pursuant to Section 8 hereof) (the Territory). For purposes of 
this Agreement, the term participate includes any direct or indirect 
interest in any enterprise, whether as an officer, director, employee, 
partner, sole proprietor, agent, representative, independent contractor, 
consultant, executive, franchisor, franchisee, creditor, owner, member, 
shareholder or otherwise; provided, that the Competitive Business 
activities prohibited hereunder shall not include passive ownership of less 
than 5% of the stock of a privately-held or publicly-held corporation.

(ii) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.c.i. or any other 
provision in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of (A) a 
termination of the employment relationship upon or after the expiration of 
the initial Term, (B) a termination of this Agreement pursuant to clause 
4.a.ii. without Good Reason, or (C) a termination of this Agreement 
pursuant to clause 4.a.ii. for Good Reason or clause 4.a.iii. for any 
reason other than Cause at any point when the Non-Compete Period extends 
beyond the Severance Period, and only for such time period after the 
Severance Period, then the Company shall be deemed to have waived 
Executives compliance with the provisions of Section 5.c.i., and shall 
have no further obligations to the Executive other than those described in 
Sections 4.b.i., 4.b.ii., 4.d.i., and 4.f.i. unless the Company shall, at 
its sole option, provide Executive with written notice within ten (10) 
business days of the effective date of such termination that the Company 
has elected to enforce the provisions of Section 5.c.i following such 
termination, in which case the Company shall continue pay to Executive (I) 
the full amount of the Base Salary, and (II) an amount equal to the 
Companys contribution toward the
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
healthcare insurance coverage which Executive and his family, if 
applicable, was or were receiving as of the date of termination, in each 
case in cash, payable at the same times and in a materially similar manner 
as Company payroll for the entire Non-Compete Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the provisions of this Section 5.c.ii., and any waiver by the 
Company of the provisions of Section 5.c.i. pursuant hereto, shall in no 
way affect Executives obligations and covenants contained in Sections 
5.a., 5.b. and 6.

(iii) The provisions of Section 5.c.i and 5.c.ii shall be of no force and 
effect following a termination of employment relationship after a Change in 
Control.


6. Confidential Information, Work Product; Confidentiality of Terms.
 
  	a. 	Executive shall keep secret and retain the confidential nature of 
all Confidential Information (as hereinafter defmed) of or belonging to the 
Company or any of its Affiliates and take such other precautions with 
respect thereto as the Company, in its sole discretion, may reasonably 
request. Executive shall not at any time, whether before or after the 
termination of his employment hereunder, use, copy, disclose, divulge or 
make available any Confidential Information or Work Product to any natural 
person, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, trust, 
governmental body or any other legal entity; except that Executive may use, 
copy or disclose to any Person any Confidential Information (i) to the 
extent required in the performance of his duties pursuant to this 
Agreement, (ii) to the extent it becomes publicly available through no 
fault of Executive, (iii) to the extent he is required to do so pursuant to 
applicable law, court order and/or court-issued subpoena, or (iv) with the 
prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer.
 
  	b. 	Executive agrees, subject to applicable law, to treat the terms of 
this Agreement as Confidential Information and to not disclose or discuss 
or release any such terms to any Person (except to Executives attorneys, 
accountants and other consultants who have agreed to keep such information 
confidential) without the consent of the CEO.
 
  	c. 	If, during the employment relationship, Executive is engaged in or 
associated with the research, investigation, planning or implementation of 
any project, program or venture on behalf of or involving the Company, all 
rights in the project, program or venture shall belong exclusively to the 
Company and shall constitute an opportunity belonging exclusively to the 
Company. Except as approved in advance and in writing by the Board of 
Directors of Athenex, Executive shall not be entitled to any interest in 
such project, program or venture or to any commission, finders fee or 
other compensation in connection therewith, other than the compensation to 
be paid to Executive by the Company as provided herein. Moreover, Executive 
hereby acknowledges that all Work Product is owned by the Company, and 
Executive covenants not to take any position or action contrary to such 
acknowledgement.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	d. 	All Confidential Information disclosed or made available by the 
Company or its Affiliates to Executive shall at all times remain the 
personal property of the Company or such Affiliates as the case may be, and 
all documents, lists, plans, proposals, records, computer disks and other 
tangible items supplied to Executive that constitute or contain 
Confidential Information shall, together with all copies thereof, and all 
other property of the Company, be returned to the Company immediately upon 
termination of employment for whatever reason or if sooner, immediately 
upon demand by the Company.


7. Enforcement.
 
  	a. 	Executive further acknowledges that the scope of the business of the 
Company and its Affiliates is independent of location in the Territory and 
that as a senior executive of the Company, Executive has and will have 
direct and indirect responsibility, oversight and duties with respect to 
all of the businesses and enterprises of the Company and its controlled 
Affiliates and its and their current and prospective employees, vendors, 
customers, clients and other business relations, and that, accordingly, the 
restrictions contained in Sections 5 and 6 are reasonable in all respects 
and necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information, customer 
relationships and Work Product of the Company and its Affiliates and that, 
without such protection, the Companys and its Affiliates customer and 
client relations and competitive advantage would be materially adversely 
affected. It is specifically recognized by Executive that (i) Executive is 
significantly responsible for the growth and development of the Company and 
its Affiliates and the creation and preservation of their goodwill, (ii) 
money damages are insufficient to protect such interests, (iii) such 
prohibitions would be necessary and appropriate without regard to 
compensation being provided to Executive hereunder, and (iv) the Company 
would not enter into this Agreement with Executive without the restrictions 
contained in Sections 5 and 6. Executive further acknowledges that the 
restrictions contained in Sections 5 and 6 do not impose an undue hardship 
on him and that, since he has general business skills which may be used for 
a business other than a Competitive Business, do not deprive Executive of 
his livelihood. Executive agrees that the covenants made in Sections 5 and 
6 shall be construed as agreements independent of any other provision(s) of 
this Agreement and shall survive any order of a court of competent 
jurisdiction terminating any other provision(s) of this Agreement.
 
  	b. 	
If, at the time of enforcement of Section 5 or 6, a court holds that the 
restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 existing, the Parties agree that the maximum period, scope or 
geographical area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted 
for the stated period, scope or area. Because Executives services are 
unique and because Executive has access to Confidential Information, 
customers and Prospective Customers of the Company and Work Product, and 
for the other reasons set forth herein, the Parties agree that money 
damages would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of this Agreement. 
Therefore, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of Sections 
5 or 6 of this Agreement, the Company and its successors and assigns shall, 
in addition to other rights and remedies existing in their favor, be 
entitled to obtain specific performance and injunctive or other relief in 
order to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions hereof 
(without posting a bond or other security). To the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law, in the event of a breach by Executive of Section 5 
hereof, the Restricted Period shall be tolled until such breach or 
violation has been duly cured. Executive agrees that the provisions of this 
Section 7 are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company.

8. Notices. Any notice provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing 
and shall be either personally delivered, mailed by first class mail 
(return receipt requested), or sent by overnight courier service: if to the 
Company or to Athenex, to Athenexs then-current headquarters, attention: 
Teresa Bair, Esq., and if to Executive, to Executives primary residence 
then on record with the Company (the Company shall be entitled to rely upon 
information provided by Executive from time to time concerning the address 
of Executives primary residence). Any notice under this Agreement shall be 
deemed to have been given on the earlier of when so delivered or three (3) 
business days after being deposited in the mail (as the case may be).

9. Cooperation; Return of Company Property. For a period of one (1) year 
following termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive 
agrees to cooperate in good faith with the Company and to be reasonably 
available to the Company with respect to continuing or future matters 
arising out of Executives services to the Company and its Affiliates in 
exchange for compensation at an hourly rate of one hundred ninety-five 
dollars ($195.00), provided, however, that the Executive shall provide such 
cooperation at no additional charge to the Company during any periods in 
which Executive is receiving compensation from the Company pursuant to 
Sections 4.c.ii., or 4.f. Upon termination, Executive shall promptly return 
to the Company all property of the Company and its Affiliates, whether 
tangible or intangible, which he possessed or had control over at any time 
during the employment relationship, including, without limitation, credit 
cards, building and office access cards, keys, computer equipment, cell 
phones, electronic devices, manuals, files, documents, records, software, 
customer database and other data, research, fmancial data and information, 
correspondence, statistics and payroll and other data, and any copies, 
compilations, extracts, excerpts, summaries and other notes thereof or 
relating thereto.

10. Executives Representations. Executive hereby represents and warrants 
to the Company that: (a) the execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement by Executive do
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under 
any contract, agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which 
Executive is a party or by which he is bound; and (b) this Agreement is the 
valid and binding obligation of Executive, enforceable in accordance with 
its terms.


11. Definitions.

Affiliate shall mean any of the following: (a) any affiliate as defined 
under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (b) 
any individual or entity who directly or indirectly controls, is controlled 
by or is under common control with the specified individual or entity, and 
(c) any pair of entities or an individual and an entity in which one of the 
two parties (in such pair) owns, directly or indirectly, at least twenty 
percent (20%) of the outstanding equity interests of the other party.

Cause shall mean (i) documented nonperformance or nonperformance of the 
Executive Duties, or refusal to abide by or comply with the reasonable 
directives of the CEO, or the Companys policies and procedures that 
continues without cure or remedy for thirty (30) days after the CEO has 
given written notice to Executive specifying in reasonable detail the 
manner in which Executive has failed to perform such duties or comply with 
such directions, (ii) conviction for, or plea of nolo contendere to, any 
felony causing material harm to the Company or the reputation of the 
Company, or any other conviction for, or plea of nolo contendere to, any 
act or omission involving fraud, theft or embezzlement, (iii) the 
commission of any other act or omission involving fraud with respect to the 
Company or any of its Affiliates that could reasonably constitute a crime 
under applicable law based on the facts and circumstances as alleged, (iv) 
a breach by the Executive of Sections 5 or 6 of this Agreement (v) the 
commission of any act that is in breach of Executives fiduciary duties of 
care or loyalty to Company, (vi) gross negligence or willful misconduct 
with respect to the Company or any of its Affiliates that continues without 
cure or remedy for thirty (30) days after the CEO has given written notice 
to Executive specifying in reasonable detail the manner in which Executive 
has engaged in gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the 
Company or any of its Affiliates, or (vii) a breach by Executive of any 
other material provision of this Agreement that is not susceptible to 
remedy or cure, or if susceptible to remedy or cure, that is not cured or 
remedied and continues beyond thirty (30) days after the CEO has given 
written notice to Executive specifying in reasonable detail the manner in 
which Executive has breached this Agreement.

Change in Control shall mean (i) any merger, reorganization, or 
consolidation transaction or series of transactions, whether or not Athenex 
is the surviving or continuing corporation in such transaction; provided 
that such transaction or series of related transactions shall not be a 
Change in Control if the holders of the equity interests in Athenex 
immediately prior to such transaction or transactions will, immediately 
after such transaction or transactions (by virtue of securities issued as 
consideration for the transaction or otherwise) hold at least fifty percent 
(50%) of the voting power of the surviving, continuing or purchasing 
entity; or (B) any sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially 
all of the assets (tangible or intangible) of Athenex; or (C) any transfer, 
or series of related transfers, of at least 50% of the outstanding equity 
interests of Athenex, other than to Affiliates of Athenex and/or the 
existing stockholders; and (D) Dr. Johnson Lau is not in the Chief 
Executive Officer Position within three years of the execution of this 
agreement.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Competitive Business shall mean any business or enterprise engaged in or 
contemplated to be engaged in the manufacturing of active pharmaceutical 
ingredients.

Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, proprietary 
information, Intellectual Property, technical data, and trade secrets 
concerning or consisting of research, development, manufacturing and 
production of pharmaceutical products and/or medical devices, product 
plans, products, services, customer proposals and contracts, customer lists 
and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company or 
any of the Companys Affiliates on whom Executive called or with whom 
Executive became acquainted during the course of employment), requirements 
and contact information of customers and suppliers, customer leads, data, 
markets, software, programs, source codes and object codes, developments, 
inventions, processes, designs, product designs, drawing, engineering, 
hardware configuration information, formulas, formulations, prototypes, 
products, compositions, manuals, research, studies, equipment, machines, 
blueprints, specifications, discoveries, concepts, patent applications, 
technology, licenses, trade secrets, know-how, techniques, original works 
of authorship and any other information of a similar nature, whether or not 
patentable or copyrightable, documents or data stamped Confidential, 
marketing plans, this Agreement, any document related to the Acquisition, 
finances or other business information or strategies disclosed to 
Executive, either directly or indirectly, in writing, by drawings or by 
observation; provided, that Confidential Information shall not include 
information that: (a) is generally known to the public prior to disclosure, 
or after disclosure becomes generally known to the public through no act or 
failure to act on the part of the Executive; or (b) is rightfully furnished 
to the Executive by a Person without breaching any agreement, understanding 
or confidential relationship between such Person and the Company.

Good Reason shall mean, without Executives consent, the occurrence of 
one of the following: (i) a material diminution of the Executive Duties or 
change in Executives position or compensation or change or removal of both 
titles specified in Section 2; (ii) the Companys material breach of any 
provision of this Agreement; or (iv) resignation by the Executive after an 
act by the CEO or the Board of Directors of Athenex that would constitute a 
breach of the Companys or Athenexs code of ethics, if any, or fiduciary 
duties, a crime or material fraud; provided, however, Executives 
termination pursuant to Section 4.a.ii. shall not be for Good Reason unless 
Executive shall have given written notice to the Company within ninety (90) 
days after any event which has resulted in any such material diminution and 
the Company has failed to cure any such material diminution within thirty 
(30) days of receipt of such written notice from Executive.

Intellectual Property shall mean (a) all Work Product (whether or not 
patentable and whether or not reduced to practice), all improvements 
thereto, and all patents, patent applications, and patent disclosures, 
together with all reissuances, continuations, continuations-in-part, 
revisions, extensions, and reexaminations thereof, (b) all trademarks, 
service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, and corporate names, 
together with all translations, adaptations, derivations, and combinations 
thereof and including all goodwill associated therewith, and all
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (c) all 
copyrightable works, all copyrights, and all applications, registrations, 
and renewals in connection therewith, (d) all mask works and all 
applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (e) all 
trade secrets (as defined in the Uniform Trade Secrets Act and under 
corresponding foreign statutory and common law) and confidential business 
information (including ideas, research and development, formulas, 
compositions, manufacturing and production processes and techniques, 
technical data, designs, drawings, specifications, customer and supplier 
lists, pricing and cost information, and business and marketing plans and 
proposals) related to the Work Product, (f) all software (including 
firmware and other software embedded in hardware devices), software code 
(including source code and executable or object code), subroutines, 
interfaces, including APIs, and algorithms, (g) all other proprietary 
rights, and (h) all copies and tangible embodiments thereof (in whatever 
form or medium).

Person shall mean an individual, a partnership, a limited liability 
company, a corporation, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a 
joint venture, an unincorporated organization and a governmental entity or 
any department, agency or political subdivision thereof.

Prospective Customer shall mean a Person (i) to whom the Company or any 
Affiliate of the Company previously provided services within the two (2) 
years immediately preceding Executives termination, (ii) from whom the 
Company or any Affiliate of the Company has actively solicited business 
within the two (2) years immediately preceding the Executives termination, 
or (iii) to whom the Company or any Affiliate of the Company has planned to 
solicit business within the six (6) months immediately preceding the 
Executives termination as evidenced by inclusion on a prospective customer 
list, business plans, pipeline reports, or sales meetings.

Work Product shall mean any and all inventions, innovations, 
improvements, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, 
methods, trade secrets, designs, analyses, drawings, reports and all 
similar or related information (whether or not patentable or registrable 
under copyright or similar laws) which are solely or jointly conceived, 
developed, made or reduced to practice, or caused to be conceived, 
developed, made or reduced to practice, by Executive while employed by the 
Company or any of its Affiliates with respect to pharmaceutical products 
and/or medical devices; provided, however, that Work Product shall not 
include any invention that Executive developed entirely on his own time 
without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities or Confidential 
Information except for those inventions that either (a) relate at the time 
of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the Companys 
business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of 
the Company, or (b) result from any work performed by Executive for the 
Company or any of its Affiliates.

12. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall 
be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable 
law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any 
jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not 
affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement 
shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained 
herein.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. Complete Agreement. This Agreement, including all Exhibits attached 
hereto, and the Proprietary Rights Agreement between the Company and 
Executive, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit A hereto, embodies the 
complete agreement and understanding among the Parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes and preempts any prior 
understandings, agreements or representations by or among the Parties, 
written or oral, that may have related to the subject matter hereof or 
thereof in any way.

14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by electronic or facsimile 
signature and in separate counterparts, each of which is deemed to be an 
original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same 
agreement.

15. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to 
the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and the Company, and their 
respective heirs, successors and assigns. Executive may not assign his 
rights or delegate his obligations hereunder without the prior written 
consent of the Company. Any attempted assignment of this Agreement in 
contravention of this Section 15 shall be null and void.

16. Jurisdiction and Venue. Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out 
of or relating to any provision of this Agreement (collectively, a 
Dispute) shall be venued exclusively in the state or federal courts 
located in the Western District of New York. Such courts are together 
referred to as the Exclusive Venues for litigation. The Parties agree not 
to institute any litigation except in the Exclusive Venues and further 
agree that specific enforcement of this covenant with respect to Exclusive 
Venues may be awarded to the Parties by means of all available legal or 
equitable remedies, including, without limitation, a temporary restraining 
order. The Parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of the 
Exclusive Venues, and waive any defense of inconvenient forum to the 
maintenance of any action or proceeding to be brought.

17. Amendment. The provisions of this Agreement may be amended or waived 
only with the prior written consent of the Company and Executive, and no 
course of conduct or failure or delay in enforcing the provisions of this 
Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of 
this Agreement.

18. Survival. The obligations of the Parties in Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 
16, 19 and 20 shall survive indefinitely (unless otherwise limited in 
duration in this Agreement) regardless of any termination or cancellation 
(for any reason) of this Agreement.

19. Costs and Expenses. In the event of any legal proceedings in connection 
with this Agreement, the non-prevailing party shall pay the reasonable fees 
and costs (including without limitation, attorneys fees, costs and 
expenses) of the prevailing party.

20. Governing Law. The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of New 
York without giving effect
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of 
New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the 
laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York.

21. No Strict Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in the 
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Executive was represented by 
and consulted with counsel during the negotiation and preparation of this 
Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or 
interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted 
jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise 
favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any 
provisions of this Agreement.

22. Paragraph Headings. Headings and subheadings herein are for convenience 
of reference only and are not of substantive effect.

23. Incorporation of Recitals. The recitals in the preamble of this 
Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement in their 
entirety.

24. Taxes. The Company may withhold from any payments made under this 
Agreement all applicable taxes, including but not limited to income, 
employment and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law.

[Signature Page Follows.]
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Employment Agreement as 
of the Effective Date.
 
ATHENEX, INC.
By: 	  	 [LOGO]
  	
 
Johnson Lau
  	CEO
 
[LOGO]
 
J. Nick Riehle
 
14