 EX-10.7.4 15 d201422dex1074.htm EX-10.7.4
Exhibit 10.7.4

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Fourth Amendment) is 
made and entered as of March 7, 2017 (Effective Date), by and between 
ATHENEX INC., (formerly known as Kinex Pharmaceuticals INC. and prior, 
Kinex Pharmaceuticals, LLC.), a corporation organized and existing under 
the laws of the State of Delaware, and having its principal office in Suite 
600, Conventus Building, 1001 Main Street, Buffalo, New York 14203, United 
States (Athenex) and HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD., a publicly traded 
company existing under the laws of South Korea and having its principal 
office at 14, Wiryeseong-daero, Songpa-gu, Seoul, 05545, South Korea 
(Hanmi).


WITNESSTH:

WHEREAS, Hanmi and Athenex (under the name of its predecessor entity, Kinex 
Pharmaceuticals, LLC) entered into a license agreement on December 16, 2011 
for the license by Hanmi to Athenex of rights in the Hanmi Orascovery 
Program (License Agreement), which License Agreement was previously 
amended by First Amendment to License Agreement on November 9, 2012 and 
Second Amendment to License Agreement on October 21, 2013, and Third 
Amendment to the License Agreement dated March 3, 2015 (the License); and

WHEREAS, Hanmi and Athenex now wish to amend the License to amend the 
definition of Territory to add Japan.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
 
  	1. 	All capitalized terms used in this Fourth Amendment and not defined 
herein shall have the meaning given to them in the License. Except as 
amended by this Fourth Amendment, the License shall continue in full force 
and effect.
 
  	2. 	Section 1.66 of the License is amended and restated in its entirety 
to read as follows:

Territory means the following designated countries and all countries 
within the following designated continents or economic union only: North 
America, South America, European Union, Australia, New Zealand, Russia, 
Eastern Europe, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, 
Vietnam, Philippines, Indonesia, India and Japan. All other countries are 
expressly excluded including, but not limited to, the Asian countries of 
Mainland China and Korea.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	3. 	In consideration for this Fourth Amendment, Athenex shall pay to 
Hanmi the following:
 
  	a. 	Upfront: in addition to the Upfront Fee under Section 4.1 of the 
License Agreement and consideration under Section 3 of the Third Amendment, 
Athenex shall pay U.S. Dollar (USD) seven (7) Million of the mezzanine 
financing round of the September 2016 convertible bond (a two year 
convertible note with a ten percent (10%) annual yield if no IPO occurred 
in two years and during IPO, will be automatically converted to common 
shares to be priced at twenty percent (20%) discount to the IPO price) with 
the same terms as other convertible bond investors. Note that this USD 
seven (7) Million payment is in addition to the USD five (5) Million of the 
mezzanine financing round to be paid to Hanmi as described inthe original 
License Agreement. The USD five (5) Million convertible bond by contract, 
is following the same automatic conversion plan during IPO as set forth in 
the License Agreement. However, for the USD seven (7) Million upfront fee 
under this Fourth Amendment, there is no forced automatic conversion during 
IPO. Instead, Hanmi may elect to convert the entire USD seven (7) Million 
convertible bond to Athenex stock as follows:
 
  	i. 	With the IPO  Hanmi may elect to convert the entire USD seven (7) 
Million convertible bond to Athenex stock during the IPO upon advance 
written notice to Athenex of at least seven (7) calendar days before the 
IPO
 
  	ii. 	October 16, 2017 (Monday)  Hanmi may elect to convert the entire 
USD seven (7) Million convertible bond to Athenex stock at the end of this 
trading day upon advance written notice to Athenex of at least seven (7) 
calendar days before October 16, 2017
 
  	iii. 	April 16, 2018 (Monday) - Hanmi may elect to convert the entire 
USD seven (7) Million convertible bond to Athenex stock at the end of this 
trading day upon advance written notice to Athenex of at least seven (7) 
calendar days before April 16, 2018
 
  	iv. 	October 1, 2018 (Monday) (End of the convertible bond period)  
This is the end of that mezzanine round of convertible debt. In the event 
that Hanmi does not make any of the elections under Section 3(a)(i., ii. or 
iii.), on October 1, 2018, Hanmi may elect either to convert the entire USD 
seven (7) Million convertible bond to Athenex stock, or for Athenex to pay 
Hanmi USD seven (7) Million plus interest at ten percent (10%) per annum 
from the day of execution of this Fourth Amendment to October 1, 2018.

For all circumstances, the entire USD seven (7) Million will be converted 
once Hanmi elects the conversion date. Note that only on October 1, 2018 
will cash be paid for the bond.

A copy of the template convertible bond contract is attached as Annex A. 
Once this Fourth Amendment is executed, the convertible bond contract, 
including the above time of pre-defined conversion timepoints, will be 
executed by the parties and incorporated into the Fourth Amendment as Annex 
A. In the event of any conflict in terms between this Fourth Amendment and 
the convertible bond contract attached as Annex A, such terms shall be 
construed in accordance with the convertible bond contract attached as 
Annex A.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	b. 	Milestones for the Japan Territory
 
  	i. 	Regulatory Milestone: USD *** of Athenex stock or cash (to be 
mutually agreed between Hanmi and Athenex) after the approval of the first 
Orascovery product in Japan.
 
  	ii. 	Japan Sales Milestone:
 
  	a) 	USD *** of Athenex stock or cash (subject to Hanmis selection) 
after the sales of Oraxol hit USD *** per year in the Japan market for the 
first time. There will be only one payment for the achievement of this 
milestone.
 
  	b) 	USD *** of Athenex stock or cash (subject to Hanmis selection) 
after the sales of Oratecan hit USD *** per year in the Japan market for 
the first time. There will be only one payment for the achievement of this 
milestone.
 
  	c. 	Japan Sales Royalty: The royalty for the Japan Territory will be 
calculated with the same formula as described in Section 4.3 of the License 
Agreement with the sales for the Japan Territory incorporated in the 
aggregate annual Net Sales of Licensed Product.
 
ATHENEX, INC. 	  	 	  	HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
By: 	  	  	  	 	  	By: 	  	 
  	Johnson Lau, CEO 	  	 	  	 	  	Gwan Sun Lee, President and CEO
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX A
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS CONVERTIBLE LOAN AGREEMENT is made on March 7, 2017BY AND BETWEEN:
 
(1) 	Athenex, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by 
virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the United 
States, with an office for the transaction of business at 1001 Main Street, 
Buffalo, New York 14203 (the Company); and
 
(2) 	Hanmi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a publicly traded company existing 
under the laws of South Korea and having its principal office at 14, 
Wiryeseong-daero, Songpa-gu, Seoul, 05545, South Korea (the Investor).

The Company and the Investor are referred to herein collectively as the 
Parties and individually as a Party.
 
1. 	Definitions
 
Bank Account 	   	has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 2 hereof.
Business Day 	   	means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or another 
day on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are required or authorized by 
law or executive order to close.
Common Stock 	   	means the common stock of the Company, par value 
US$0.001 per share with voting rights, including any subdivisions, 
combinations, splits or reclassifications thereof.
Convertible Loan 	   	has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 2 hereof.
Discount Price 	   	means the initial public offering price per share of 
the Common Stock in the Initial Public Offering multiplied by (100% minus 
the Discount Rate).
Discount Rate 	   	unless otherwise amended pursuant to Clause 3 hereof, 
means 20%.
Event of Default 	   	has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 2(e) 
hereof.
Initial Public Offering 	   	means the closing of the Companys first 
firm commitment underwritten initial public offering of Common Stock 
pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act on the 
New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ, or an internationally recognized stock 
exchange.    
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest Rate 	   	means compound interest at the rate of 10% per annum.
Maturity Date 	   	means October 1, 2018 or any other later date 
otherwise agreed by both Parties.
Securities Act 	   	means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Total Outstanding Amount 	   	means the total outstanding amount of the 
Convertible Loan and the accrued and unpaid interest thereof.
 
2. 	The Convertible Loan
 
(a) 	The Investor hereby agrees to lend to the Company US$7,000,000 (Seven 
Million Dollars) (the Convertible Loan), which will be deemed to be lent 
pursuant to the Fourth Amendment (Fourth Amendment), Section 3(a), 
Upfront, made and entered as of March 7, 2017 (Effective Date), by and 
between Investor and Company.

The Company shall issue to the Investor a signed acknowledgment of receipt 
of the Convertible Loan, within five (5) Business Days as of the receipt 
thereof.
 
(b) 	Investor may elect to convert the entire Convertible Loan to Company 
stock as follows:
 
  	i. 	With the IPO  Investor may elect to convert the entire Convertible 
Loan to Company stock during the IPO upon advance written notice to Company 
of at least seven (7) calendar days before the IPO.
 
  	ii. 	October 16, 2017 (Monday)  Investor may elect to convert the 
entire Convertible Loan to Company stock at the end of this trading day 
upon advance written notice to Company of at least seven (7) calendar days 
before October 16, 2017.
 
  	iii. 	April 16, 2018 (Monday)  Investor may elect to convert the entire 
Convertible Loan to Company stock at the end of this trading day upon 
advance written notice to Athenex of at least seven (7) calendar days 
before April 16, 2018.
 
  	iv. 	October 1, 2018 (Monday) (End of the convertible loan period)  
This is the end of that mezzanine round of convertible debt. In the event 
that Investor does not make any of the elections under Section 2(b)(i., ii. 
or iii.), above, on October 1, 2018, Investor may elect either to convert 
the entire Convertible Loan to Company stock, or for Company to pay 
Investor USD seven (7) Million plus interest at ten percent (10%) per annum 
from the Effective Date to October 1, 2018.

For all circumstances, the entire Convertible Loan will be converted once 
Investor elects the conversion date. Note that only on October 1, 2018 will 
cash be paid for the loan.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) 	If, and only if, the Convertible Loan has not, prior to the Maturity 
Date, converted into Common Stock pursuant to Clause 2(b), above, and the 
Investor has elected to be paid in cash on the Maturity Date, then the 
Company undertakes to pay interest at the Interest Rate on the Convertible 
Loan from the Effective Date of this Convertible Loan Agreement until the 
Maturity Date of the Convertible Loan, or if an Event of Default (as 
defined below) shall occur before the Maturity Date and the Investor 
declares all the Total Outstanding Amount to be immediately due and 
payable, until the date of repayment of the Total Outstanding Amount upon 
the occurrence of an Event of Default, which interest shall be calculated 
on the basis of a 365-day year for the actual number of days elapsed.
 
(d) 	Subject to sub-paragraph (e) below, the Company shall pay the Total 
Outstanding Amount to the Investor on the Maturity Date. The Company shall 
not prepay any part of the Convertible Loan or the accrued interest without 
the prior written consent of the Investor.
 
(e) 	If any one or more of the events of default set out in Schedule A 
hereto (each of them, an Event of Default) shall occur before the 
Maturity Date, the Investor may, by written notice to the Company:
 
  	i. 	declare all the Total Outstanding Amount to be immediately due and 
payable without further demand, notice or other legal formality of any 
kind; and/or
 
  	ii. 	take such action as the Majority Convertible Loan Investors may 
deem appropriate to enforce the Investors rights, powers and remedies 
under this Agreement.
 
3. 	Adjustment of the Discount Rate

If an Initial Public Offering occurs on any date (i) from April 1, 2018 to 
October 1, 2018, the Discount Rate shall be adjusted from 20% to 22.5% or 
(ii) after October 1, 2018 (if the Parties have agreed to extend the 
Maturity Date to any date after October 1, 2018), the Discount Rate shall 
further be adjusted from 22.5% to 25%.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Discount Rate shall remain at 20% if an 
Initial Public Offering occurs before April 1, 2018.
 
4. 	Lock-up Period

The Investor hereby agrees that it will not, without the prior written 
consent of the managing underwriter of the Initial Public Offering of the 
Company (the Managing Underwriter), during the period commencing on the 
first date of the Initial Public Offering and ending on the date specified 
by the Company and the Managing Underwriter (such period not to exceed one 
hundred and eighty (180) days), (i) lend, offer, pledge, sell, contract to 
sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or 
contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or 
otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of its Common
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock, or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to 
another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership 
of its Common Stock, whether any such transaction described in (i) or (ii) 
above is to be settled by delivery of its Common Stock or such other 
securities of the Company, in cash or otherwise. The Managing Underwriter 
in the Initial Public Offering is intended third party beneficiary and 
shall have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof 
as though it was a party hereto.
 
5. 	Registration Rights

The Company undertakes to the Investor that upon conversion of the 
Convertible Loan into Common Stock at one of the alternative timepoints as 
set forth in Clause 2(b), above, the Company shall grant to the Investor, 
as holder of the issued Common Stock, the same registration rights which, 
at the material time, are pari passu with the registration rights the 
Company granted to the other holders of Common Stock of the Company.
 
6. 	Company Representations

The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Investor that the 
following representations and warranties are true and correct as of the 
date of this Agreement:
 
(a) 	The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in 
good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and has the 
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on 
its business as now conducted. The Company has full legal capacity, power 
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its 
obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes valid and binding 
obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except 
as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application 
relating to or affecting the enforcement of debtors obligations generally 
and general principles of equity.
 
(b) 	The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this 
Agreement is within the power of the Company and, other than with respect 
to the actions to be taken when equity is to be issued to the Investor, has 
been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the Company. 
This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the 
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, 
except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general 
application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights 
generally and general principles of equity. To the best knowledge of the 
Company, it is not in violation of (i) its current certificate of 
incorporation or bylaws, (ii) any material statute, rule or regulation 
applicable to the Company or (iii) any material indenture or contract to 
which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, where, in each case, 
such violation or default, individually, or together with all such 
violations or defaults, could not reasonably be expected to have a material 
adverse effect on the Company.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) 	The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement do not and will not: (i) violate any material judgment, 
statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company; (ii) result in the 
acceleration of any material indenture or contract to which the Company is 
a party or by which it is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or 
imposition of any lien upon any property, asset or revenue of the Company 
or the suspension, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, 
license or authorization applicable to the Company, its business or 
operations.
 
(d) 	No consents or approvals are required in connection with the 
performance of this Agreement, other than: (i) the Companys corporate 
approvals; (ii) any qualifications or filings under applicable securities 
laws, if any; and (iii) necessary corporate approvals for the authorization 
of Common Stock issuable pursuant to Clause 2(b) hereof.
 
7. 	Investor Representations

The Investor hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the 
following representations and warranties are true and correct as of the 
date of this Agreement:
 
(a) 	The Investor has full legal capacity, power and authority to execute 
and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. This 
Agreement constitutes valid and binding obligation of the Investor, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting 
the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles of 
equity.
 
(b) 	The Investor is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 
501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The Investor has been advised 
that this Agreement and the underlying securities have not been registered 
under the Securities Act, or any state securities laws and, therefore, 
cannot be resold unless they are registered under the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption from such 
registration requirements is available. The securities which may be 
acquired by the Investor hereunder are for its own account for investment, 
not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to, or for resale in 
connection with, the distribution thereof, and the Investor has no present 
intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise 
distributing the same. The Investor has such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters that the Investor is capable of evaluating 
the merits and risks of such investment, is able to incur a complete loss 
of such investment without impairing the Investors financial condition and 
is able to bear the economic risk of such investment for an indefinite 
period of time.
 
(c) 	The Investor believes it has received all the information it considers 
necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to enter into this Agreement. 
The Investor further represents that it has had an opportunity to ask 
questions and receive answers from the Company regarding this Agreement and 
the transactions contemplated hereunder as well as the business, 
properties, prospects and financial condition of the Company. The 
foregoing, however, does not limit or modify the representations and 
warranties of the Company in Clause 6 of this Agreement.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. 	Miscellaneous
 
(a) 	This Agreement will expire and terminate (without relieving the 
Company of any obligations arising from a prior breach of or 
non-compliance with this Agreement) upon either (i) the issuance of Common 
Stock to the Investor pursuant to Clause 2(b) hereof; or (ii) the repayment 
of all the Total Outstanding Amount due to the Investor pursuant to Clause 
2(e) hereof.
 
(b) 	Any provision of this Agreement may be amended, waived or modified 
only upon the written consent of the Company and the Investor.
 
(c) 	All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if sent by email and 
thereafter delivered personally or mailed by internationally recognized 
overnight courier, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the 
following addresses set forth below or such other address as the Company or 
the Investor shall provide to each other party in writing:

The Company:

Athenex Inc., 1001 Main Street, Buffalo, New York 14203, attention: Johnson 
Y.N. Lau, jlau@athenex.com

The Investor:

Hanmi Pharmaceutical Co., LTD., 14, Wiryeseong-daero, Songpa-gu, Seoul, 
05545, attention: Chief Executive Officer
 
(d) 	The Investor is not entitled, as a holder of this Agreement, to vote 
or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Common Stock for any 
purpose, nor will anything contained herein be construed to confer on the 
Investor, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any 
right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to 
stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any 
corporate action or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive 
subscription rights or otherwise until shares have been issued upon the 
terms described herein.
 
(e) 	Neither this Agreement nor the rights contained herein may be 
assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, by either party without the 
prior written consent of the other; provided, however, that this Agreement 
and/or the rights contained herein may be assigned without the Companys 
consent by the Investor to any other entity who directly or indirectly, 
controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Investor, 
including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, 
officer or director of the Investor, or any venture capital fund now or 
hereafter existing which is controlled by one or more general partners or 
managing members of, or shares the same management company with, the 
Investor.
 
(f) 	In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is 
for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in 
part or in any respect, or in the event that any one or more of the 
provisions of this Agreement operate or would prospectively operate to 
invalidate this Agreement, then and in any such event, such provision(s) 
only will be deemed null and void and will not affect any other provision 
of this Agreement and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will 
remain operative and in full force and effect and will not be affected, 
prejudiced, or disturbed thereby.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) 	All rights and obligations hereunder will be governed by the laws of 
the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of 
such jurisdiction.

(Signature page follows)
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed and delivered.
 
 ATHENEX, INC.
By: 	  	 
  	Name: Johnson Y.N. Lau
  	Title:   Chairman and CEO
HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
By: 	  	 
  	Name: Gwan Sun Lee
  	Title:   President and CEO
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE  	A


EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default:
 
(a) 	the Company fails to pay any sum payable under this Agreement or the 
Fourth Amendment when due or otherwise in accordance with the provisions 
hereof or therof;
 
(b) 	the Company fails to perform or observe or comply with any of its 
obligations under this Agreement or the Fourth Amendment in any material 
respect such that there is a material adverse impact on the Companys 
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Fourth 
Amendment, which failure continues for a period of fifteen (15) Business 
Days after the Company receives written notice from the Investor specifying 
the failure;
 
(c) 	any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by the 
Company in this Agreement proves to have been incorrect or misleading in 
any material respect;
 
(d) 	the Company is in default under any material indebtedness and such 
default is not remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days from the day such 
default occurred such that there is a material adverse impact on the 
Companys ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement;
 
(e) 	a creditor takes possession of all or substantially all of the assets 
of the Company, as the case may be, or any execution or other legal process 
is enforced against all or substantially all of the assets of the Company 
and such possession or enforcement is not discharged within fifteen (15) 
Business Days;
 
(f) 	a petition is presented or a proceeding is commenced or an order is 
made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, insolvency, 
reorganization, reconstruction, dissolution or bankruptcy of the Company or 
for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, trustee or 
similar officer of the Company which is not stayed or discharged within 
fifteen (15) Business Days;
 
(g) 	the Company stops or suspends payment to its creditors generally or 
are unable to or admit its inability to pay their debts as they fall due or 
are declared or become bankrupt or insolvent; and
 
(h) 	any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is commenced 
against the Company such that there is a material adverse impact on the 
Companys ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.