 EX-10.7 8 d300797dex107.htm EX-10.7
Exhibit 10.7

RADIAN GROUP INC. STI/MTI INCENTIVE PLAN

FOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES

I.    Purpose. The purpose of the Radian Group Inc. STI/MTI Incentive Plan 
for Executive Employees (the Plan) is to provide a means whereby Radian 
Group Inc. may provide incentive compensation to eligible employees who 
hold the position of Vice President or above. The Plan was effective as of 
January 1, 2009 (Effective Date). The Plan has been amended and restated 
as of January 1, 2017 and shall apply to STI Bonuses and MTI Bonuses 
calculated for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2017.


II.    Definitions. Whenever used in this Plan, the following terms will 
have the respective meanings set forth below:

2.1    Actual Incentive Award means the allocated amount described in 
Section 5.1 for a Participant. Pursuant to the terms of Section V, 50% of 
each Actual Incentive Award will be available for payment as an STI Bonus, 
and the remaining 50% of the Actual Incentive Award will be available for 
payment as an MTI Bonus.

2.2    Actual Incentive Award Pool means the total amount, based on 
performance, that is available to be allocated as Actual Incentive Awards 
to Participants for a two-year performance period, as determined by the 
Compensation Committee.

2.3    Actual MTI Pool means the total amount, based on performance, that 
is available to be allocated as MTI Bonuses to Participants, as determined 
by the Compensation Committee.

2.4    Affiliate means each entity owned by Radian. Only Affiliates 
specified by the Compensation Committee will be participating employers in 
the Plan.

2.5    Board means the board of directors of Radian.

2.6    Cause has the meaning assigned to such term in an executive 
employment agreement or executive severance agreement between the 
Participant and Radian or an Affiliate (for purposes of clarity, executive 
employment agreement and executive severance agreement shall not be 
interpreted to include offer letters, notwithstanding any terms of 
employment or severance in such letters), or, if there is no such 
agreement, Cause means any of the following conduct by a Participant, as 
determined in the sole discretion of the Chief Executive Officer of Radian 
and the Chief Human Resources Officer of Radian: (1) indictment for, 
conviction of, or pleading nolo contendere to, a felony or a crime 
involving fraud, misrepresentation, or moral turpitude (excluding traffic 
offenses other than traffic offenses involving the use of alcohol or 
illegal substances); (2) fraud, dishonesty, theft, or misappropriation of 
funds in connection with the Participants duties with Radian and its

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Affiliates; (3) material violation of Radians Code of Conduct or 
employment policies, as in effect from time to time; (4) a breach of any 
written confidentiality, nonsolicitation or noncompetition covenant with 
Radian or an Affiliate; or (5) negligence, misconduct or other failure to 
perform the Employees duties with Radian and its Affiliates after 
receiving written notice from Radian or an Affiliate of the deficiencies on 
which such termination is based.

2.7    Committee means (i) for all determinations made with respect to 
Management, the Compensation Committee, and (ii) for determinations made 
with respect to all other Employees (except for those determinations 
specifically reserved to the Compensation Committee), a committee 
consisting of Management or its delegates.

2.8    Compensation Committee means the Compensation and Human Resources 
Committee of the Board.

2.9    Disability has the meaning assigned to such term in the 
Participants employment agreement or severance agreement entered into with 
Radian or an Affiliate and if there is no such agreement or definition, 
Disability means a physical or mental impairment of sufficient severity 
that the Participant is both eligible for and in receipt of benefits under 
the long-term disability program maintained by Radian. The date of 
Disability for purposes of the Plan is the date on which the Participant 
begins receiving such long-term disability benefits.

2.10    Employee means an employee of Radian or an Affiliate specified by 
the Compensation Committee who is not classified as a temporary employee, 
but excluding any person who is classified by Radian or any Affiliate as a 
contractor or consultant, no matter how characterized by the Internal 
Revenue Service, other governmental agency or a court. Any change of 
characterization of an individual by the Internal Revenue Service or any 
court or government agency shall have no effect upon the classification of 
an individual as an Employee for purposes of this Plan, unless the 
Committee determines otherwise.

2.11    Good Reason has the meaning assigned to such term in the 
Participants employment agreement or severance agreement entered into with 
Radian or an Affiliate, if any.

2.12    Management means the Chief Executive Officer of Radian and 
members of the executive team as designated by the Chief Executive Officer 
of Radian.

2.13    MTI Bonus means a medium term incentive bonus based on 
performance, with a target of 50% of the Participants Actual Incentive 
Award, as described in Section 5.2.

2.14    MTI Target Award shall have the meaning given that term in 
Section 5.2(a).

2.15    Participant means an Employee who holds the position of Vice 
President or above and who is designated as a participant in the Plan 
pursuant to Section III for a fiscal year.

2.16    Plan means this Radian Group Inc. STI/MTI Incentive Plan for 
Executive Employees, as in effect from time to time.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.17     Radian means Radian Group Inc. or any successor thereto.

2.18    Release shall mean a release of claims described in Section 5.3.

2.19        STI Bonus means the short term incentive bonus payable to a 
Participant as provided in Section 5.1(c).

2.20    Target Incentive Award means a target bonus amount established by 
the Committee for each Participant for a two year performance period, which 
will be equal to a stated dollar amount or a set percentage of the 
Participants base salary, as determined in the sole discretion of the 
Committee.

2.21     Target Incentive Award Pool means the aggregate amount of all 
Target Incentive Award amounts established for all Participants for a 
two-year performance period.

2.22     Target MTI Pool means the aggregate amount of all MTI Target 
Awards established for all Participants, as described in Section 5.1(c).


III.     Eligibility; Participation; Newly Hired Employees.

3.1    The Committee will designate the Employees who will participate in 
the Plan for each performance period. Employees are eligible for 
designation by the Committee if they (i) are employed by Radian or an 
Affiliate specified by the Committee, (ii) hold the position of Vice 
President or above, and (iii) are not participating in any other short-term 
incentive plan sponsored by Radian or an Affiliate. The Committee has sole 
discretion to determine which Employees will participate in the Plan.

3.2    Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employees who are newly hired or who 
are promoted or transferred into a position eligible to participate in the 
Plan on or after October 1st of the first fiscal year of the performance 
period shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan for such 
performance period. Employees who are newly hired or who are promoted or 
transferred into a position eligible to participate in the Plan before 
October 1st of the first fiscal year of the performance period shall be 
eligible to participate in the Plan for such performance period and shall 
be eligible to receive a prorated bonus award calculated in whole months 
based on the relative time spent in the eligible position during the 
performance period, as determined by the Committee.

3.3    The Committee may determine that certain Participants will only be 
eligible for STI Bonuses and will not be eligible for MTI Bonuses.

IV.    Performance Metrics/Goals. The Compensation Committee will establish 
the applicable business and/or financial performance metrics or goals that 
Radian and/or specified Affiliates will be measured against in order to 
determine the Actual Incentive Award Pool and the Actual MTI Award Pool 
pursuant to which STI Bonuses and MTI Bonuses are to be payable or 
allocated, as applicable, for each two-year performance period. The 
business and/or financial
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
performance goals will be established and communicated in writing to 
eligible Participants. At the end of each fiscal year, the Compensation 
Committee will determine whether, and to what extent, such performance 
goals have been met for that year for purposes of funding the bonus pools 
to be awarded or allocated under this Plan. The Compensation Committee may 
adjust the performance results for extraordinary items or other events or 
circumstances, as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate.

V.    Incentive Bonus Program.

5.1    Incentive Awards

(a)    Target Incentive Awards. At the beginning of each two-year 
performance period, the Committee will establish a Target Incentive Award 
for each Participant. Unless the Committee establishes a new Target 
Incentive Award for a Participant for a fiscal year, the Participants 
Target Incentive Award will be the same Target Incentive Award as in effect 
for the Participant for the immediately preceding fiscal year. The Target 
Incentive Award Pool will be equal to 100% of the Target Incentive Award 
amounts for all eligible Participants for the year.


(b)    Approval of Incentive Award Amounts.

(1)    At the end of the first fiscal year of each performance period, the 
Compensation Committee will determine how much, if any, of the Target 
Incentive Award Pool will be available to be allocated as Actual Incentive 
Awards based on Radians and its Affiliates achievement of the performance 
goals for the first fiscal year that were established pursuant to Section 
IV. The Actual Incentive Award Pool may range from zero to 200% of the 
Target Incentive Award Pool.

(2)    The Committee will allocate the Actual Incentive Award Pool among 
Participants, in its sole discretion, based on such criteria as the 
Committee deems appropriate, which may include the Participants 
performance rating, the Participants relative Target Incentive Award and 
other factors determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. A 
Participants Actual Incentive Award may range from zero to 200% of the 
Participants Target Incentive Award amount. The total amount of the Actual 
Incentive Awards allocated to all Participants in a fiscal year will not 
exceed the Actual Incentive Award Pool established under Section 5.1(b)(1) 
for the fiscal year based on the performance of Radian and its Affiliates.

(c)    Payment of STI Bonuses; Establishment of MTI Target Award. Except as 
provided in Section 5.1(d) below, if an Actual Incentive Award is allocated 
to a Participant based on performance for the first fiscal year, 50% of the 
Actual Incentive Award amount will be paid in cash to the Participant in a 
single lump sum payment as an STI Bonus between January 1 and March 15 
following the end of the fiscal year for which the Actual Incentive Award 
is allocated. The remaining 50% of the Actual Incentive Award amount will 
be established as the MTI Target Award for the Participant and will be 
payable based on achievement of performance goals realized in the second 
year of the performance period, as set
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
forth in Section 5.2. Except as provided in Sections 5.1(e) and (f), a 
Participant must be employed by Radian or an Affiliate on the date on which 
the STI Bonus is paid in order to receive an STI Bonus for the fiscal year. 
If no Actual Incentive Award amount is allocated to a Participant for a 
fiscal year, the Participant will not receive an STI Bonus or an MTI Target 
Award or be eligible to receive an MTI Bonus.

(d)    Payment of STI Bonuses to Participants who are Not Eligible for MTI 
Bonuses. For Participants who are not eligible to receive MTI Bonuses 
pursuant to Section 3.3, if an Actual Incentive Award is allocated to a 
Participant based on performance for the first fiscal year, 100% of the 
Actual Incentive Award amount will be paid in cash to the Participant in a 
single lump sum payment as an STI Bonus between January 1 and March 15 
following the end of the fiscal year for which the Actual Incentive Award 
is allocated. The Participant will not be eligible to receive an MTI Bonus.

(e)    Involuntary Termination. If, on or after December 31st of the first 
fiscal year of the performance period but prior to the payment date for the 
STI Bonus, a Participants employment is terminated by Radian and its 
Affiliates without Cause (or the Participant terminates employment for Good 
Reason, in the case of a Participant who has an employment agreement or 
severance agreement with Radian or an Affiliate that provides for 
termination on account of Good Reason), and in either case the Participant 
executes and does not revoke a Release (as described in Section 5.3), the 
Participant will receive his or her STI Bonus, as determined under Section 
5.1(c), and (unless Section 5.1(d) applies to the Participant) the 
Participant will receive his or her MTI Bonus, as determined under Section 
5.2(b), in each case based on the achievement of the performance goals. The 
payable amount, if any, will be paid to the Participant at the same time as 
STI Bonuses and MTI Bonuses, as applicable, are paid to other Participants 
for the fiscal year.

(f)    Death or Disability. If a Participants employment terminates on 
account of death, or a Participant incurs a Disability, before the payment 
date for the STI Bonus, the Participant will be paid a pro rata portion of 
the Participants STI Bonus, with the Participants STI Bonus equal to an 
amount calculated as the percentage of the Participants Target Incentive 
Award that is equal to the percentage that the Actual Incentive Award Pool 
(as determined under 5.1(b)) represents to the Target Incentive Award Pool; 
provided that, in the case of Disability, payment is conditioned on the 
Participant executing and not revoking a Release. The pro rata portion of 
the Participants STI Bonus that shall be paid pursuant to this Section 
5.1(f), if any, shall be calculated by multiplying the amount of the 
Participants STI Bonus, as determined above in the Section 5.1(f), by a 
fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the first 
fiscal year of the performance period that the Participant was employed by 
Radian or an Affiliate and the denominator of which is the number of days 
in the first fiscal year of the performance period. The payable amount, if 
any, will be paid to the Participant, or the Participants personal 
representative in the case of death, at the same time as STI Bonuses are 
paid to other Participants.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.2    Medium Term Incentive Bonus.

(a)    MTI Target Award. Except as provided in Section 5.1(d), each 
Participant who is allocated an Actual Incentive Award amount based on 
performance for the first fiscal year of the performance period, and who 
received payment of an STI Bonus, will have an MTI Target Award equal to 
50% of the Actual Incentive Award amount allocated to the Participant. The 
Target MTI Pool for the second fiscal year of the performance period will 
be equal to 100% of the MTI Target Awards established for all eligible 
Participants. Each such Participant may be paid a percentage of his or her 
MTI Target Award as a cash MTI Bonus based on performance for the second 
fiscal year of the performance period, as set forth in Section 5.2(b).


(b)    Approval of MTI Bonus Payments.

(1)    At the end of the second fiscal year of the performance period, the 
Compensation Committee will determine how much, if any, of the Target MTI 
Pool will be available for payment of MTI Bonuses, based upon the 
achievement of the performance goals realized for the second fiscal year of 
the performance period that were established pursuant to Section IV. The 
Actual MTI Pool will be a percentage ranging from zero to 150% of the 
Target MTI Pool, as determined by the Compensation Committee.

(2)    The MTI Bonus payable to a Participant, if any, shall equal the 
Participants MTI Target Award multiplied by the percentage established by 
the Committee based on performance as described in Section 5.2(b)(1) to 
establish the Actual MTI Pool.

(c)    Payment of MTI Bonuses. If a Participant is awarded an MTI Bonus for 
a fiscal year, the MTI Bonus will be paid in cash to the Participant in a 
single lump sum payment between January 1 and March 15 following the end of 
the second fiscal year of the performance period. If a Participant who 
receives payment of an STI Bonus for the first fiscal year of the 
performance period terminates employment for any reason (voluntarily or 
involuntarily) other than Cause, the Participant will remain eligible to 
receive an MTI Bonus, as determined under Section 5.2(b), provided that the 
Participant executes and does not revoke a Release (as described in Section 
5.3). Such MTI Bonus shall be payable at the same time as MTI Bonuses are 
paid to other Participants. A Participant will not receive any MTI Bonus if 
the Participants employment is terminated for Cause. If a Participants 
employment terminates on account of death, any MTI Bonus will be paid to 
the Participants personal representative at the same time as MTI Bonuses 
are paid to other Participants.

5.3    Release. Any payment of an STI Bonus or an MTI Bonus after the 
Participants termination of employment (except for termination of 
employment upon death) or on account of Disability shall be conditioned on 
the Participant executing and not revoking a written Release. The Release 
will be in a form provided by Radian and will release all claims against 
Radian, its Affiliates and all related parties with respect to all matters 
arising out of Participants employment by Radian or an Affiliate, or the 
termination thereof (other than claims based upon any entitlements under 
the terms of this Plan or under any plans or programs of Radian and its 
Affiliates under which Participant has accrued a benefit).
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
VI.    Administration. The Committee will have full power and discretionary 
authority to interpret the Plan. Except as specifically provided otherwise 
herein, the Committee will have full power and discretionary authority to 
administer the Plan, to make all determinations, including all 
participation and award determinations, and to prescribe, amend and rescind 
any rules, forms or procedures as the Committee deems necessary or 
appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan and to make any other 
determinations and take such other actions as the Committee deems necessary 
or advisable in carrying out its duties under the Plan. Any action required 
of the Committee under the Plan will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Committee and not in a fiduciary capacity. All decisions and determinations 
by the Committee will be final, conclusive and binding on Radian, its 
Affiliates, the Participants and any other persons having or claiming an 
interest hereunder. All STI Bonuses and MTI Bonuses will be awarded 
conditional upon the Participants acknowledgement, by participation in the 
Plan, that all decisions and determinations of the Committee will be final 
and binding on the Participant, his or her beneficiaries and any other 
person having or claiming an interest in such STI Bonuses or MTI Bonuses.


VII.    General Provisions.

7.1    Transferability. No awards under this Plan may be transferred, 
assigned, pledged or encumbered by the Participant nor may any awards under 
this Plan be subject to any claim of any creditor, and, in particular, to 
the fullest extent permitted by law, all such payments, benefits and rights 
will be free from attachment, garnishment, trustees process, or any other 
legal or equitable process available to any creditor of such Participant.

7.2    Unfunded Arrangement. The Plan is an unfunded incentive compensation 
arrangement. Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to 
the Plan, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind. Each 
Participants interest in an STI Bonus or MTI Bonus will be no greater than 
the right of an unsecured general creditor of Radian. All STI Bonuses and 
MTI Bonuses will be paid from the general funds of Radian, and no special 
or separate fund will be established and no segregation of assets will be 
made to assure payment of the STI Bonuses and MTI Bonuses.

7.3    Withholding Tax. All payments under this Plan shall be made subject 
to applicable tax withholding, and Radian or an Affiliate shall withhold 
from any payments under this Plan all federal, state and local taxes as 
Radian or an Affiliate is required to withhold pursuant to any law or 
governmental rule or regulation. The Participant shall bear all expense of, 
and be solely responsible for, all federal, state and local taxes due with 
respect to any payment received under this Plan.

7.4    No Rights to Employment. Nothing in the Plan, and no action taken 
pursuant hereto, will give a Participant any right to continued employment. 
Each Participants employment continues to be at-will, which means that 
Radian or an Affiliate can terminate the Participants employment at any 
time for cause or for no cause whatsoever.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.5    Deferrals. Radian may allow selected Participants to defer part or 
all of their STI Bonuses or MTI Bonuses under a deferred compensation plan, 
consistent with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. If a Participant 
elects to defer an STI Bonus or MTI Bonus pursuant to a deferred 
compensation plan, the STI Bonus or MTI Bonus will be paid at the time and 
in the form determined under the deferred compensation plan, 
notwithstanding the payment terms of this Plan.

7.6    Section 409A. The Plan is intended to comply with the short-term 
deferral rule set forth in the regulations under section 409A of the 
Internal Revenue Code in order to avoid application of section 409A to the 
Plan. If and to the extent that any payment under this Plan is deemed to be 
deferred compensation subject to the requirements of section 409A, this 
Plan will be administered so that such payments are made in accordance with 
the requirements of section 409A, including the six-month delay required 
for specified employees, if applicable. In no event shall a Participant, 
directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment, except in 
accordance with Section 409A. If a payment is subject to section 409A, is 
subject to execution of a Release, and could be made in more than one 
taxable year, based on timing of the execution of the Release, payment 
shall be made in the later taxable year, as required under section 409A.

7.7    Termination and Amendment of the Plan. The Compensation Committee 
may amend or terminate the Plan at any time.

7.8    Successors. The Plan will be binding upon and inure to the benefit 
of Radian, its successors and assigns, and each Participant and his or her 
heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives.


7.9    Applicable Law.

(a)    The Plan shall be construed, administered and governed in all 
respects under and by the applicable laws of the Commonwealth of 
Pennsylvania, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle 
that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation to the 
substantive law of another jurisdiction.

(b)    As a condition of participating in the Plan, each Participant 
irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agrees that any legal proceeding 
arising out of the Plan may be brought only in the United States District 
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, or if such court does not 
have jurisdiction or will not accept jurisdiction, in any court of general 
jurisdiction in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, (ii) consents to the 
sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such court in any such 
proceeding, and (iii) waives any objection to the laying of venue of any 
such proceeding in any such court. The Participant also irrevocably and 
unconditionally consents to the service of any process, pleadings, notices, 
or other papers.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    In addition, the Plan shall be subject to any required approvals by 
any governmental or regulatory agencies. STI Bonuses and MTI Bonuses shall 
be subject to any applicable clawback or recoupment policies and other 
policies that may be implemented by the Board from time to time in 
accordance with applicable law. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the 
contrary, the Plan, STI Bonuses and MTI Bonuses shall be subject to all 
applicable laws, including any laws, regulations, restrictions, or 
governmental guidance that becomes applicable in the event of the Companys 
participation in any governmental programs, and the Committee reserves the 
right to modify the Plan as necessary to conform to any restrictions 
imposed by any such laws, regulations, restrictions, or governmental 
guidance or to conform to any applicable clawback or recoupment policies 
and other policies that may be implemented by the Board from time to time. 
As a condition of participating in the Plan and accepting payment of any 
STI Bonus and MTI Bonus, all Participants agree to any such modifications 
that may be imposed by the Committee, and all Participants agree to sign 
such waivers or acknowledgments as the Committee may deem necessary or 
appropriate with respect to such modifications.


Revision History
 
Revision
  	
Date
  	
Description
  	
Author
2.0 	  	2/8/2017 	  	Updated 	  	A. Scott