 EX-10.4 10 filename10.htm
Exhibit 10.4
 
[_______], 201[__]
 
FinTech Acquisition Corp. II
2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703
Philadelphia, PA 19104-2870  
 
Re:      Initial Public Offering
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
This letter (“Letter Agreement”) is being delivered to you in accordance 
with the Underwriting Agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) entered 
into, or proposed to be entered into, by and between FinTech Acquisition 
Corp. II, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”),  and Cantor Fitzgerald & 
Co. (“Cantor Fitzgerald”), as the representative of the underwriters (the “
Underwriters”), relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the “
Offering”), of up to 15,525,000 of the Company’s units (the “Units”), each 
comprised of one share of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per 
share (the “Common Stock”), and one-half of a warrant exercisable for one 
share of Common Stock (each, a “Warrant”). The Units sold in the Offering 
will be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 and 
prospectus (the “Prospectus”) filed by the Company with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the “Commission”). The Company expects that the Units 
will be listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Certain 
capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 16 hereof.
 
The Insiders signatory hereto hereby agree with the Company as follows:
 
1.	Each Insider agrees that, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of 
(a) a proposed initial Business Combination or (b) a proposed amendment to 
the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as may be 
amended from time to time, the “Charter”) to modify the substance or timing 
of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the 
Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within 24 months 
from the completion of the Offering, then in connection with such proposed 
initial Business Combination or amendment to the Charter, such person shall 
vote, as applicable, all Founder Shares, Placement Shares and any shares 
acquired by such person in the Offering or in the secondary public market 
in favor of such proposed initial Business Combination or such amendment to 
the Charter, as applicable.
 
2.	(a)      	Each Insider hereby agrees that, if the Company fails to 
consummate a Business Combination within 24 months from the consummation of 
the Offering, such person shall take all reasonable steps to cause the 
Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, 
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days 
thereafter, redeem the Offering Shares at a per-share price, payable in 
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, 
including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account 
less any interest released to, or reserved for use by, the Company for 
working capital purposes, payment of taxes or dissolution expenses, divided 
by the number of Offering Shares then outstanding, which redemption will 
completely extinguish the holder’s rights as a stockholder with respect to 
his, her or its Offering Shares (including the right to receive further 
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as 
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the 
approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of 
directors (the “Board”), dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of 
clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to 
provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law.
  
(b)      	Each Insider agrees to not propose any amendment to the Charter 
that would affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to 
redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not consummate a 
Business Combination within 24 months from the completion of the Offering, 
unless the Company provides the holders of Offering Shares with the 
opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon approval of any such 
amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate 
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any amounts 
representing interest earned on the Trust Account less any interest 
released to, or reserved for use by, the Company for working capital 
purposes or payment of taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding 
Offering Shares.
 

  	 	 

 

 
(c)      	Each Insider acknowledges and agrees that Founder Shares or 
Placement Shares held by him, her or it are not entitled to, and have no 
right, interest or claim of any kind in or to, any monies held in the Trust 
Account or distributed as a result of any liquidation of the Trust Account.
 
(d)     	Each Insider waives, with respect to any Founder Shares or 
Placement Shares held by such undersigned party, any redemption rights he, 
she or it may have (i) in connection with the consummation of an initial 
Business Combination, (ii) if the Company fails to consummate its initial 
Business Combination or liquidates within 24 months from the completion of 
the Offering or (iii) if the Company seeks an amendment to its Charter that 
would affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 
100% of the Offering Shares as described above. If any of the Insiders 
should acquire Offering Shares in or after the Offering, each Insider 
hereby waives with respect to such Offering Shares held by such undersigned 
party any redemption rights such party may have in connection with the 
consummation of a Business Combination or a stockholder vote to amend the 
Charter to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to 
redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete its 
initial Business Combination within 24 months from the completion of the 
Offering; provided, however, that the Insiders will be entitled to 
redemption rights with respect to such Offering Shares held by them if the 
Company fails to consummate a Business Combination or liquidates within 24 
months from completion of the Offering.
 
3.	(a)       To the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise their 
over-allotment option to purchase an additional 2,025,000 Units (as 
described in the Prospectus), the Initial Holders shall return to the 
Company for cancellation, at no cost, an aggregate number of Founder Shares 
determined by multiplying 675,000 by a fraction: (i) the numerator of which 
is 2,025,000 minus the number of shares of the Common Stock purchased by 
the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) 
the denominator of which is 2,025,000.  The Initial Holders further agree 
that, if the Company effects a stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock 
split, contribution back to capital or otherwise in connection with any 
increase or decrease in the size of the Offering, to the extent that the 
Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option in full, the 
aggregate number of shares that the Initial Holders will be required to 
return to the Company as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence 
shall be adjusted so that the Founder Shares held by the Initial Holders 
and their Permitted Transferees represent 25% of the Company’s issued and 
outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately following such forfeiture. 
The number of Founder Shares to be returned by each Initial Holder, if any, 
pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall be determined on a pro-rata basis based 
on the percentage of outstanding Founder Shares held by each Initial Holder 
at the time of such forfeiture.
 
(b)      Subject to paragraph 3(d), the Founder Shares owned by the 
Insiders shall not be transferable or salable (x) with respect to 20% of 
such shares, until consummation of the Company’s initial Business 
Combination, (y) with respect to 20% of such shares, when the closing price 
of the Common Stock exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 
30-trading day period following the consummation of its initial Business 
Combination, (z) with respect to 20% of such shares, when the closing price 
of the Common Stock exceeds $13.50 for any 20 trading days within a 
30-trading day period following the consummation of its initial Business 
Combination, (xx) with respect to 20% of such shares, when the closing 
price of the Common Stock exceeds $15.00 for any 20 trading days within a 
30-trading day period following the consummation of its initial Business 
Combination and (yy) with respect to 20% of such shares, when the closing 
price of the Common Stock exceeds $17.00 for any 20 trading days within a 
30-trading day period following the consummation of its initial Business 
Combination or earlier, in any case, if, following the initial Business 
Combination, the Company engages in a subsequent transaction (i) resulting 
in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their 
Common Stock for cash or other securities, or (ii) involving a 
consolidation, merger or other similar transaction in which the Company is 
the surviving entity that results in the directors and officers of the 
Company ceasing to comprise a majority of the Board (in the case of 
directors) or management (in the case of officers) of the surviving entity 
(such applicable period being the “Founder Lock-Up Period”). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the satisfaction of any of the conditions of clauses 
(z), (xx) and (yy) shall permit the termination of the transfer prohibition 
with respect to all Founder Shares included within that pricing level or 
any lower pricing level. During the Founder Lock-Up Period, the Insiders 
shall not, except as described in the Prospectus, (i) sell, offer to sell, 
contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to 
purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or 
indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate 
or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and 
regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the “Exchange Act”), 
with respect to the Founder Shares then subject to the Founder Lock-Up 
Period, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to 
another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership 
of any of the Founder Shares then subject to the Founder Lock-Up Period, 
whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of the Common 
Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly 
announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (b)(i) 
or (b)(ii).  
 

  	2 	 

 

 
(c)      Until 30 days after the consummation of the initial Business 
Combination (“Placement Unit Lock-Up Period”), the Sponsor shall not, 
except as described in the Prospectus, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or 
agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or 
otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or 
establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a 
call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange 
Act with respect to the Placement Units, Placement Shares, Placement 
Warrants, or shares of Common Stock underlying the Placement Warrants, (ii) 
enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in 
whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of 
the Placement Units, Placement Shares, Placement Warrants, or shares of 
Common Stock underlying the Placement Warrants, whether any such 
transaction is to be settled by delivery of the Common Stock or such other 
securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce any intention 
to effect any transaction specified in clause (c)(i) or (c)(ii).
 
(d)      Notwithstanding the provisions contained in paragraphs 3(b) and 
3(c) hereof, any Insider may transfer, as applicable, the Founder Shares 
and/or Placement Units, Placement Shares, Placement Warrants, or shares of 
Common Stock underlying the Placement Warrants (1) at any time prior to the 
consummation of an initial Business Combination with the consent of the 
Company to any third party that agrees in writing to be bound by the 
provisions of this agreement applicable to Insiders (other than paragraph 1 
and the second sentence of paragraph 2(d)); and (2) (a) to the Company’s 
officers, the Company’s directors or the Initial Holders, (b) to an 
affiliate or immediate family member of any of the Company’s officers, 
directors or Initial Holders, (c) to any member, officer or director of the 
Sponsor, or any immediate family member, partner, affiliate or employee of 
a member of the Sponsor, (d) by gift to any Permitted Transferee under any 
of the immediately preceding subsections (a) through (d), a trust, the 
beneficiaries of which are one or more Permitted Transferees under any of 
the immediately preceding subsections (a) through (d), or a charitable 
organization, (e) by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death 
of any of the Company’s officers, the Company’s directors, the Initial 
Holders or members of the Sponsor, (f) pursuant to a qualified domestic 
relations order, (g) in the event of the Company’s liquidation prior to 
consummation of its initial Business Combination, (h) by virtue of the laws 
of Delaware or the Sponsor’s limited liability company agreement upon 
dissolution of the Sponsor, (i) subsequent to the Company’s consummation of 
its initial Business Combination, in the event of a liquidation, merger, 
stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the 
Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common 
Stock for cash, securities or other property or (k) subsequent to the 
Company’s consummation of its initial Business Combination, in the event of 
a consolidation, merger or other similar transaction in which the Company 
is the surviving entity that results in the directors and officers of the 
Company ceasing to comprise a majority of the Board (in the case of 
directors) or management (in the case of officers) of the surviving entity 
(each, a “Permitted Transferee”); provided, however, that, in the case of 
subclauses (a) through (f) and (h), these transferees enter into a written 
agreement with the Company agreeing to be bound by the transfer 
restrictions set forth herein.
 
(e)      Further, each Insider agrees that after the Founder Lock-Up Period 
or the Placement Unit Lock-Up Period, as applicable, has elapsed, the 
Founder Shares and/or Placement Units, Placement Shares, Placement 
Warrants, or shares of Common Stock underlying the Placement Warrants owned 
by such Insider shall only be transferable or saleable pursuant to a sale 
registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act. The Company and each Insider 
acknowledges that pursuant to that certain registration rights agreement to 
be entered into among the Company and certain security holders of the 
Company, parties to the agreement may request that a registration statement 
relating to the Founder Shares and/or Placement Units, Placement Shares, 
Placement Warrants, or shares of Common Stock underlying the Placement 
Warrants be filed by the Company with the Commission prior to the end of 
the Founder Lock-Up Period or the Placement Unit Lock-Up Period, as the 
case may be;  provided,  however, that such registration statement does not 
become effective prior to the end of the Founder Lock-Up Period or the 
Placement Unit Lock-Up Period, as applicable.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
(f)      Subject to the limitations described herein, each Insider shall 
retain all of such Insider’s rights as a security holder during, as 
applicable, the Founder Lock-Up Period and/or Placement Unit Lock-Up Period 
including, without limitation, the right to vote, as the case may be, the 
Founder Shares and/or Placement Shares.
 
(g)      During the Founder Lock-Up Period and Placement Unit Lock-Up 
Period, all dividends payable in cash with respect to such securities shall 
be paid, as applicable, to each security holder, but all dividends payable 
in Common Stock or other non-cash property shall become subject to the 
applicable lock-up period as described herein and shall only be released 
from such lock-up in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph 3.
 
4.	Without limiting the provisions of paragraph 3(d) hereof, during the 
period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and 
ending 180 days after such date, each of the undersigned shall not (i) 
sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant 
any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, 
directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position 
or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to any Units, Placement Units, 
shares of Common Stock, Warrants, Placement Shares, Placement Warrants or 
any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, 
shares of Common Stock owned by an undersigned party, (ii) enter into any 
swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, 
any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Units, Placement 
Units, shares of Common Stock, Warrants, Placement Shares, Placement 
Warrants or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or 
exchangeable for, shares of Common Stock owned by the undersigned, whether 
any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in 
cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any 
transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii); provided, however, that the 
restrictions of this Section 4 shall not apply to any distributions by the 
Sponsor to its members of Units, Placement Units, shares of Common Stock, 
Warrants, Placement Shares, Placement Warrants or any securities 
convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, shares of Common 
Stock.
 
5.	(a)      	In the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account without 
the consummation of a Business Combination, Daniel G. Cohen (the “
Indemnitor”) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any 
and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, 
but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred 
in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether 
pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may 
become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party for services 
rendered or products sold to the Company or (ii) any prospective target 
business (a “Target”) as described in the Prospectus; provided,  however, 
that such indemnification of the Company by the Indemnitor shall apply only 
to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party for 
services rendered or products sold to the Company or a Target do not reduce 
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below $10.00 (regardless of 
whether or not the Underwriters exercise any portion of their overallotment 
option) per Offering Share and only if such third party or Target has not 
executed an agreement waiving claims against any and all rights to seek 
access to the Trust Account, regardless of whether such agreement is 
enforceable. In the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be 
unenforceable against such third party, the Indemnitor shall not be 
responsible for any liability as a result of any such third party claims. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, indemnification of the Company by the 
Indemnitor pursuant to this paragraph 5 shall not apply as to any claims 
arising from the Company’s obligation pursuant to the Underwriting 
Agreement to indemnify the Underwriters.
 
(b)      If the Company is liquidated within 24 months following completion 
of the Offering, to the extent that interest income on the balance of the 
Trust Account (net of any taxes payable) released to the Company and loans 
from the Sponsor (each as described in the Prospectus) are insufficient to 
fund the costs and expenses of liquidation, the Indemnitor agrees to pay 
the balance of the amount necessary to complete the liquidation of the 
Company. 
 

  	4 	 

 

 
6.	The Company agrees that the Company will not engage any third party to 
render services, agree to purchase any products from such third party, or 
enter into any discussion or any acquisition agreement with a Target unless 
(i) such third party or Target has agreed to execute a waiver against any 
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the 
Trust Account or any proceeds from the Trust Account, that is acceptable to 
the Board or (ii) the Board and Sponsor have each consented in writing to 
dispense with such waiver with respect to such services, product, 
discussions or acquisition agreement, in each case with the written consent 
of the Indemnitor as part of the consent of the Board. In addition the 
Company shall endeavor, together with the officers and directors of any 
acquisition target for its initial Business Combination, to obtain waivers 
of claims to the monies held in the Trust Account from creditors of such 
acquisition target (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include 
creditors existing prior to the initial Business Combination as well as 
after completion of the initial Business Combination).
 
7.	In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest that may arise from 
multiple corporate affiliations, each officer and director of the Company 
who is signatory to this Agreement agrees that until the earliest of the 
Company’s initial Business Combination, liquidation or the time at which 
such person ceases to be an officer or director of the Company, such person 
shall present to the Company for its consideration, prior to presentation 
to any other entity, any suitable Business Combination opportunities of 
which such person (or companies or entities which such person manages or 
controls) becomes aware, subject to any current or future fiduciary or 
contractual obligations of such person that such person discloses to the 
Company.
 
8.	Each officer and director signatory hereto represents and warrants that 
the biographical information furnished to the Company by him or her is true 
and accurate in all material respects and does not omit any material 
information with respect to such person’s background.  Each of the answers 
of such person to the items in questionnaires furnished to the Company by 
such officer and director is true and accurate in all material respects.
 
9.	Each of the undersigned represents and warrants that her, she or it:
 
(a)       is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for any 
injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or 
refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in 
any jurisdiction;
 
(b)       has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (i) 
involving fraud, (ii) relating to any financial transaction or handling of 
funds of another person, or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any 
securities, and the undersigned is not currently a defendant in any such 
criminal proceeding; and
 
(c)       has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any 
securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or 
commodities license or registration denied, suspended or revoked.
 
10.	Each Insider agrees that he, she or it shall receive no finder’s fees, 
consulting fees or other similar compensation from the Company prior to, or 
for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of 
the initial Business Combination, other than the following:
 
(a)       repayment of loans made to the Company by the Sponsor prior to 
completion of the Offering in connection with organizational expenses and 
the preparation, filing and consummation of the Offering;
           
(b)       repayment of the up to $750,000 in incremental loans that the 
Sponsor has committed to make to finance transaction costs in connection 
with an intended initial Business Combination;  provided, that, if the 
Company does not consummate a Business Combination, any amounts 
representing interest earned on the Trust Account may be used by the 
Company to repay such loaned amounts so long as no proceeds of the Trust 
Account shall be used for such repayment; and
 
(c)       reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to 
identifying, investigating and consummating an initial Business 
Combination, provided that no proceeds of the Offering placed in the Trust 
Account may be applied to the payment of such expenses prior to the 
consummation of an initial Business Combination.
     

  	5 	 

 

     
11.	Each of the undersigned acknowledges and understands that the 
Underwriters and the Company will rely upon the agreements, 
representations, and warranties set forth herein in proceeding with the 
Offering.
 
12.	Each of the undersigned authorizes any employer, financial institution, 
or consumer credit reporting agency to release to the Underwriters and 
their legal representatives or agents (including any investigative search 
firm retained by the Underwriters) any information they may have about such 
undersigned party’s background and finances (“Information”), purely for the 
purposes of performing required due diligence examinations in connection 
with the Offering (provided that the Underwriters agree to hold such 
Information in confidence). Each of the undersigned agrees that neither the 
Underwriters nor their agents shall be violating such undersigned party’s 
right of privacy by requesting and obtaining the Information in accordance 
with this Section 12.
     
13.	Each officer and director of the Company acknowledges and agrees that 
the Company will not consummate any Business Combination with any company 
or involving any assets with which or about which an officer or director 
has had any discussions in such person’s capacity as an officer or director 
of the Company, formal or otherwise, prior to the consummation of the 
Offering, with respect to a Business Combination. Until the earlier of (i) 
the entry into a definitive agreement by the Company for a Business 
Combination; (ii) the liquidation of the Company; (iii) the termination of 
such person as an officer or director of the Company or (iv) the date that 
is 24 months after the completion of the IPO, each officer and director of 
the Company agrees not to become affiliated as an officer or director of a 
blank check company similar to the Company.
     
14.	Each of the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the Company will 
not consummate any initial Business Combination that involves a company 
which is affiliated with such undersigned party unless the Company obtains 
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and reasonably acceptable to 
Cantor Fitzgerald that the Business Combination is fair to the Company’s 
stockholders from a financial perspective.
     
15.	Each officer and director signatory hereto represents and warrants that 
he or she has full right and power, without violating any agreement to 
which such person is bound (including, without limitation, any 
non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former 
employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and to serve as an officer 
of the Company or as a director on the Board, as applicable, and hereby 
consents to being named in the Prospectus as an officer and/or as a 
director of the Company, as applicable.
     
16.	As used in this Letter Agreement, (i) “Business Combination” shall mean 
a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, 
reorganization or similar Business Combination, involving the Company and 
one or more businesses; (ii) “Founder Shares” shall mean the 5,298,333 
shares of Common Stock acquired by the Sponsor and the other Initial 
Holders for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000 prior to the 
consummation of the Offering; (iii) “Initial Holders” shall mean Daniel G. 
Cohen, Betsy Z. Cohen, DGC Family FinTech Trust, Swarthmore Trust of 2016, 
Shami Patel, Jeremy Kuiper and the Sponsor; (iii) “Offering Shares” shall 
mean the shares of Common Stock included in the units sold in the Offering; 
(iv) “Placement Shares” shall mean the shares of Common Stock sold as part 
of the Placement Units; (v) “Placement Warrants” shall mean the Warrants to 
purchase up to an aggregate of 185,000 shares of the Common Stock that are 
included in the Placement Units; (vi) “Placement Units” shall mean the 
aggregate of 370,000 Units of the Company (each Placement Unit consists of 
one Placement Warrant and one Placement Share) sold in the Private 
Placement to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald for an aggregate purchase 
price of $3,700,000; (vii) “Trust Account” shall mean the trust account 
into which net proceeds of the Offering and the Private Placement will be 
deposited; (viii) “Prospectus” shall mean the prospectus included in the 
registration statement filed by the Company in connection with the 
Offering, as supplemented or amended from time to time; (ix) “Private 
Placement” shall mean that certain private placement transaction occurring 
simultaneously with the closing of the Offering pursuant to which the 
Company has agreed to sell an aggregate of 370,000 Placement Units to 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(the “Sponsor”); (x) “Insiders” shall mean the Sponsor and its members, any 
holders of Founder Shares, any person who receives Placement Units, Founder 
Shares or their respective underlying securities as a Permitted Transferee 
and each officer and director of the Company; and (y) references to 
completion of the Offering shall exclude any exercise of the Underwriters’ 
over-allotment option.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
17.	This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof 
and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by 
or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in 
any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated 
hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or 
waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular 
provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.
     
18.	No party may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, 
interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of 
the other party.  Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph 
shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign 
any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement 
shall be binding on each undersigned party and each of such undersigned 
party’s, as applicable, heirs, personal representatives, successors and 
assigns.
     
19.	This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced 
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to 
contracts entered into within the borders of such state and without giving 
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application 
of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties (i) agree that 
any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any 
way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the federal 
or state courts in the borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, and 
irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and 
venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive 
jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
     
20.	Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of 
the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by 
certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery, electronic or 
facsimile transmission.
     
21.	This Letter Agreement shall terminate in the event that the Offering is 
not completed by [_____], 2017; and, provided, further, that paragraph 5 of 
this Letter Agreement shall survive any liquidation of the Company.
 
[Signature page follows]
 

  	7 	 

 

 
  	Sincerely,
  	 
  	
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP II.
a Delaware corporation
 
  	By:   	 
  	Name: 	James J. McEntee, III
  	Title: 	President and Chief Financial Officer
 
FINTECH INVESTOR HOLDINGS II, LLC
a Delaware limited liability company
 
  	By:   	 
  	Name: 	Daniel G. Cohen
  	Title: 	Manager
 
  	
DGC FAMILY FINTECH TRUST
a Delaware trust
 
  	By:   	 
  	Name: 	Daniel G. Cohen
  	Title: 	Trustee
 
  	
SWARTHMORE TRUST OF 2016
a Pennsylvania trust
 
  	By:   	 
  	Name: 	Richard Maiocco
  	Title: 	Trustee
 
[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]
 

  	8 	 

 

 
 
 
  	Betsy Z. Cohen, individually
  	 
  	 
  	Daniel G. Cohen, individually
  	 
  	 
  	Walter T. Beach, individually
  	 
  	 
  	Jeremy Kuiper, individually
  	 
  	 
  	James J. McEntee, III, individually
  	 
  	 
  	Shami Patel, individually
 
[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]
 
 
9
 