 EX-10.9 11 d352136dex109.htm EX-10.9
Exhibit 10.9

Dated as of 10th December 2010
 
[LOGO]

BRITISH AMERICAN
TOBACCO

BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO p.l.c.

and

NICANDRO DURANTE

SERVICE CONTRACT

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS AGREEMENT is executed on the 10th day of December 2010.

BETWEEN:
 
(1) 	BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO p.l.c., a company incorporated in England and 
Wales whose registered office is at Globe House, 4 Temple Place, London 
WC2R 2PG (the Company);
 
(2) 	NICANDRO DURANTE, of Globe House, 4 Temple Place, London WC2R 2PG (the 
Executive);

WHEREAS:
 
(A) 	The Board has approved the terms of this Agreement under which the 
Executive is to be employed.

IT IS AGREED THAT:
 
1. 	Definitions

Schedule 1 contains the definitions for words and phrases for the purposes 
of this Agreement.
 
2. 	Appointment
 
2.1 	The Company shall employ the Executive and the Executive shall serve 
the Company as Chief Executive Designate with effect from the Effective 
Date subject to the terms and conditions specified herein.
 
2.2 	The Employment commenced on the Effective Date and, subject to Clause 
17 below, shall continue thereafter until termination by not less than 12 
months prior written notice given by either party to the other.
 
2.3 	The Executives appointment to the Board commenced on 1 January 2008. 
The Executives period of continuous employment with a Group Company began 
on 1 December 1981. No previous employment with any other employer shall be 
treated as continuous with the Employment.
 
2.4 	The Companys normal retirement age is 65. This Agreement will come to 
an end automatically on the Executives 65th birthday (the intended 
retirement date). In
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 accordance with the Employment Equality (Age) Regulations 2006, the 
Company will give the Executive appropriate notice as he approaches the 
intended retirement date and the Executive will have a right to request to 
work beyond this date.
 
3. 	Duties
 
3.1 	The Executive shall be employed in the post of Chief Executive 
Designate from the Effective Date in which capacity he shall devote all 
such time, attention and skill as may be required for the proper 
performance of his duties hereunder, and shall at all times promote the 
success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole and, save 
where there is any conflict with the success of the Company, the success of 
its Group Companies and he shall comply with the directors duties set out 
in the Companies Act 2006, and shall also faithfully and diligently perform 
such duties and exercise such powers consistent therewith as may from time 
to time be assigned to or vested in him by the Board or the Company.
 
3.2 	The Company reserves the right to assign to the Executive duties of a 
different nature either additional to or instead of those referred to in 
Clause 3.1 above on terms and conditions no less favourable than the terms 
and conditions set out herein, it being understood that he will not be 
assigned duties which he cannot reasonably perform or which are 
inconsistent with his status and subject always to the directors duties 
set out in the Companies Act 2006,.
 
3.3 	The Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled, in its sole 
discretion and at any time, to change the Executives title, job role and 
function from Chief Executive Designate of the Company to Chief Executive 
of the Company. In the event that such a change is made, the Executive 
agrees that he shall not be entitled to any increase in his remuneration or 
benefits, other than such increases which are expressly set out in this 
Agreement.
 
3.4 	The Executive shall obey the reasonable and lawful orders of the 
Board, given by or with the authority of the Board, and shall comply with 
all the Companys rules, regulations, policies and procedures from time to 
time in force, unless any of the foregoing are inconsistent with this 
Agreement.
 
3.5 	The Executive shall promptly provide the Board with all such 
information as it may require in connection with the business or affairs of 
the Company and of any other Group Company for which he is required to 
perform duties.
 
3.6 	The Executive may be required in pursuance of his duties to perform 
services not only for the Company but also for any Group Company and, 
without further remuneration (except as otherwise agreed), to accept any 
such office or position with the Company, as the Board or the Company may 
from time to time reasonably require. The Company may at its sole 
discretion assign the Executives employment to any Group Company on the 
same terms and conditions as set out herein.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.7 	The Executives working hours at the office shall be 35.5 hours per 
week from Monday to Friday in accordance with the policy set out from time 
to time in the Companys HR Policies and Procedures on Interact, and such 
additional hours (without further remuneration) as are necessary for the 
proper performance of his duties of employment.
 
3.8 	The parties agree that the nature of the Executives position is such 
that his Employment is not and cannot be measured and so the Employment 
falls within the scope of regulation 20 Working Time Regulations 1998 (as 
amended).
 
3.9 	The Executives normal place of work shall be the Companys principal 
United Kingdom office from time to time or such other location at which the 
Company may from time to time require the Executive to base himself. The 
Executive agrees to travel (both within and outside of the United Kingdom) 
as may be required for the proper performance of his duties and of the 
Employment. It is a fundamental condition of the Employment that the 
Executive will at all times be fully mobile throughout the United Kingdom 
and the world and can be required by the Company at any time to relocate to 
any other location in the world.
 
4. 	Other Interests
 
4.1 	During the period of the Employment the Executive shall devote his 
full time and attention to his duties hereunder and shall not without the 
prior written consent of the Board (such consent not to be unreasonably 
refused) directly or indirectly either on his own account or on behalf of 
any other person, company, business entity or other organisation:
 
  	4.1.1 	engage in, or (ii) be concerned with, or (iii) provide services 
to, (whether as an employee, officer, director, agent, partner, consultant 
or otherwise), or (iv) have any financial or other interest in, any other 
business; or
 
  	4.1.2 	accept any other engagement or public office which may adversely 
affect the proper and efficient performance of his duties hereunder; or
 
  	4.1.3 	have any other personal or financial interest in a business which 
has transactions or dealings with the Company or any other Group Company;

PROVIDED THAT the Executive may hold for investment purposes an interest 
(as defined in S.820  825 of the Companies Act 2006) of up to 5% in 
nominal value or (in the case of securities not having any nominal value) 
in number or class of securities, in any class of securities in a company 
which is quoted on any Recognised Investment Exchange. For this purpose, 
the references to securities held by the Executive includes securities held 
or beneficially held by the Executives Immediate Family.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.2 	Subject to any written regulations issued by the Company which are 
applicable to him, neither the Executive nor his Immediate Family, nor any 
company or business entity in which he or they are interested, shall be 
entitled to receive or obtain directly or indirectly any discount, rebate, 
commission or other benefit in respect of any business transacted (whether 
or not by the Executive) by or on behalf of the Company or any Group 
Company. If the Executive or they did directly or indirectly obtain any 
such discount, rebate, commission or other benefit the Executive shall 
forthwith account to the Company or the applicable Group Company for the 
amount received or value of the benefit so obtained.
 
4.3 	The Executive confirms that he has disclosed fully to the Company all 
circumstances in respect of which there is, or there might be, a direct or 
indirect conflict of interest between the Company or any Group Company, and 
the Executive, and he agrees to disclose fully and in writing to the 
Company any such circumstances which may arise during the Employment 
(including, but not limited to, where the holding of securities by members 
of his Immediate Family puts, or is likely to put, the Executive in breach 
of the 5% limit referred to in Clause 4.1 above).
 
4.4 	The Executive is required to note the formal procedures established by 
the Board for managing compliance with the conflict of interest provisions 
of the Companies Act 2006. Under these provisions the Executive:
 
  	4.4.1 	may not allow any situation to arise in which he will have, or 
may have, a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may 
conflict, with the interests of the Company (a situational conflict), 
unless the matter has been authorised in advance by the Board in accordance 
with the Articles of Association of the Company; and
 
  	4.4.2 	he must declare in advance any interest in a proposed transaction 
or arrangement with the Company (a transactional conflict).
 
4.5 	The Executive is required to give advance notice of any situational or 
transactional conflict to the Company Secretary of the Company and any such 
matter will be considered either at the next meeting of the Board or, if 
the conflict or potential conflict is due to arise prior to the next 
scheduled meeting of the Board, at a meeting of the Conflicts Committee. 
Details of the role and responsibilities of the Conflicts Committee are set 
out in the British American Tobacco Corporate Governance booklet, a copy of 
which is available from the Company Secretary of the Company from time to 
time.
 
4.6 	For the purposes of Clauses 4.1 and 4.3, the provisions of S. 820  
825 of Companies Act 2006 shall apply for determining whether the Executive 
has an interest in any Securities.
 
4.7 	The Executive undertakes that he will at all times:
 
  	4.7.1 	comply where relevant with any rule of law or regulation of any 
competent authority or of the Company, including the Model Code and the 
Companys Share Dealing Code, from time to time in force in relation to 
dealing in the Securities of the Company and inside information affecting 
the Securities of the Company;
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	4.7.2 	observe the terms and conditions of The City Code on Take-Overs 
and Mergers; the Listing Rules; the Disclosure and Transparency Rules; the 
Prospectus Rules; the JSE Listings Requirements; and the UK Corporate 
Governance Code; and
 
  	4.7.3 	comply with the Companys Standards of Business Conduct Policy 
from time to time in force.
 
5. 	Indemnities
 
5.1 	Subject to Clause 5.2 below, the Company shall, both during the 
Employment and after its termination, indemnify the Executive and keep him 
indemnified against and to pay to him an amount equal to all costs, 
charges, expenses or liabilities which the Executive may sustain or incur 
in or about the execution of his duties to the Company or of any associated 
company of the Company or as a result of any contract, deed, matter or 
thing done, entered into or executed himself on behalf of any such company 
or in relation to the business of any such company.
 
5.2 	The indemnity referred to in Clause 5.1 shall not apply in any of the 
following circumstances:
 
  	5.2.1 	where and to the extent that any recovery is made by the 
Executive under any policy of insurance;
 
  	5.2.2 	where and to the extent that any liability is prohibited or 
rendered unenforceable by the Companies Acts (or statutory modification or 
re-enactment thereof in force from time to time) or as otherwise prohibited 
by law;
 
  	5.2.3 	where the Company considers that the Executive has acted in bad 
faith, with wilful default or gross negligence, intentionally not in 
compliance with the Companys Standards of Business Conduct Policy (as from 
time to time in force) or otherwise so as to bring the Company or any of 
its associated companies into disrepute; and
 
  	5.2.4 	where and to the extent any claim against the Executive relates 
to acts (or omissions) of the Executive which, directly or indirectly, 
result in the summary dismissal of the Executive by the Company or any 
associated company of the Company.
 
5.3 	
The indemnity provided in Clause 5.1 shall take effect notwithstanding that 
the Company (or any associated companies) or the Executive may have 
purchased and maintained insurance cover in respect of any liability, loss 
or expenditure incurred by any director or
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 officer of the Company and the indemnity provided under Clause 5.1 
above shall be enforceable against the Company regardless of whether a 
claim may be made or has been pursued under such insurance.
 
5.4 	All sums payable by the Company hereunder shall be paid free and 
without any rights of counterclaim or set-off and without deduction and 
withholding on any ground whatsoever, save only as may be required by law. 
If any such deduction or withholding is required by law, the Company shall 
be obliged to pay to the Executive such amount as will ensure that, after 
any such deduction or withholding has been made, the Executive shall have 
received a sum equal to the amount that he would otherwise have received in 
the absence of any such deduction or withholding.
 
5.5 	If the Executive becomes aware of any notice, demand or other document 
issued, any claim made or action taken either before or after the date 
hereof which appears to him, acting reasonably, to be relevant for the 
purposes of the indemnity provided in Clause 5.1 or likely to give rise to 
any liability of the Company under that indemnity (hereinafter referred to 
as a Demand), he shall give notice thereof to the Company as soon as 
reasonably practicable.
 
5.6 	The Executive shall provide the Company as soon as reasonably 
practicable with all supporting documentation and information relating to a 
Demand as the Company may reasonably require.
 
5.7 	The Executive shall, at the request and at the expense of the Company, 
do and concur in doing and permit to be done all such acts and things as 
the Company may reasonably request to avoid, dispute, resist, appeal or 
compromise any Demand and the Executive shall further make no settlement or 
compromise of the subject matter of any Demand, nor agree to any matter in 
the conduct of any dispute in relation thereto, nor take any other action 
or omit to do any other thing in relation to any Demand without the prior 
written approval of the Company (such approval not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed).
 
5.8 	The Company may, by written notice to the Executive at any time and 
without prejudice to the rights of indemnification of the Executive set out 
in Clause 5.1 above, forthwith assume (where appropriate, in the 
Executives name) the conduct of any negotiations, settlement or compromise 
discussions or proceedings in relation to a Demand. The Company shall have 
full discretion in the conduct or settlement of any claim or proceedings.
 
5.9 	The Executive shall provide the Company as soon as reasonably 
practicable following any request with reasonable details of all costs and 
liabilities incurred by the Executive in relation to any Demand.
 
5.10 	The rights and obligations set out in this Clause 5 shall not modify 
or waive any of the duties which the Executive owes as a director, officer 
or employee of the Company or any of its associated companies (as the case 
may be), as a matter of law or under the rules of any relevant stock 
exchange or regulatory body.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.11 	The Company shall, in the event that a payment is made to the 
Executive under this indemnity in respect of a particular liability, be 
entitled to recover from the Executive an amount equal to any payment 
received by the Executive under any policy of insurance or from any other 
third party to the extent that such payment relates to the liability, and a 
deduction may similarly be made from any payment made by the Company to the 
extent any such payment has already been received by the Executive. The 
Executive shall pay any sum owing in accordance with the foregoing 
forthwith upon the Companys request.
 
5.12 	To the extent any payment of costs under Clause 5.1 of this indemnity 
is treated under the Companies Acts as a loan repayable to the Company, 
subject to the Companies Acts and provided that the requirements for a 
qualifying third party indemnity provision are met, the Executive shall not 
be required to repay the loan.
 
5.13 	For the purposes of this Clause 5, associated company and 
qualifying third party indemnity provision have the meanings given in 
Part 10 of the Companies Act 2006.
 
6. 	Remuneration
 
6.1 	The Company shall pay to the Executive a base salary as follows:
 
  	- 	from 1 September 2010 to 31 December 2010: £670,000 per annum; and
 
  	- 	from 1 January 2011: £1,000,000 per annum with no further review by 
the Company until 1 April 2012.

The base salary shall be payable monthly in equal instalments by way of 
credit transfer and shall be paid subject to deduction of income tax and 
national insurance contributions
 
6.2 	The Executive shall be entitled to participate in the various schemes 
set out in Schedule 3, subject to the rules and conditions from time to 
time applicable to such schemes (whether or not in writing).
 
6.3 	In particular the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the 
Companys International Executive Incentive Scheme (the Bonus Scheme). 
The incentive element and the deferred element (delivered through the 
Deferred Share Bonus Scheme) of the entitlement will each be assessed by 
the Company against pre-set criteria based on the performance of the 
Company in its previous financial year. Under the deferred element, the 
Company can award to the Executive ordinary shares in the Company to be 
held in accordance with the rules of the Deferred Share Bonus Scheme. The 
incentive element and the deferred element of the Bonus Scheme together 
produce a bonus of between 0% to 180% of the value of the Executives 
annual base salary.
 
6.4 	The remuneration specified in Clause 6.1 above shall be inclusive of 
all fees and other remuneration to which the Executive may be entitled as 
an officer of the Company or of any Group Company.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. 	Expenses and Independent Professional Advice
 
7.1 	The Company shall reimburse (or procure the reimbursement of) to the 
Executive (against receipts or other satisfactory evidence) all reasonable 
business expenses properly and reasonably incurred and defrayed by him in 
the course of the Employment, subject to the Companys rules and policies 
relating to expenses.
 
7.2 	The Executives expenses may include legal fees if it is necessary in 
the furtherance of the Executives duties for him to seek independent legal 
advice (provided that allegations of negligence, breach of duty or bad 
faith have not been made against the Executive). Accordingly the Board has 
approved a procedure for taking independent advice in such circumstances. 
Any such payment by the Company is subject to any applicable restriction 
under company law.
 
7.3 	Further to Clause 7.2 above, the advice and services of the Company 
Secretary of the Company and of the Group Legal and Security Director and 
General Counsel of British American Tobacco are available to each director 
of the Company for guidance on the directors responsibilities and those of 
the Board and in relation to any specific activity or transaction of the 
Company. It is recognised that there may be occasions when the Executive 
may need to have independent professional advice in connection with the 
performance of the Executives duties as a director of the Company and that 
this should be paid for by the Company.
 
7.4 	In such an instance, the Executive should first refer the matter to 
the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company and confirm with him 
that it is a matter for which independent professional advice is required 
in the interests of the Company. Where this need arises, the Executive 
should also consult the Company Secretary of the Company in order that 
regard may be had to any potential conflicts of interest that may arise in 
such a situation.
 
8. 	Deductions

The Company shall be entitled at any time during the Employment, or in any 
event on its termination, to deduct from the Executives remuneration 
hereunder any monies due from him to the Company including but not limited 
to any outstanding loans, advances, relocation expenses, the cost of 
repairing any damage or loss to the Companys property caused by him (and 
of recovering the same), excess holiday, any sums due from him under Clause 
12.2 below and any other monies owed by him to the Company.
 
9. 	Motor Car
 
9.1 	The Executive shall be entitled to either (a) the use of a Company car 
for private and business use subject to the terms of the Companys car 
policy from time to time in force, or (b) a monthly car allowance as 
published by the Company from time to time. Details can be obtained from 
the Companys HR Policies and Procedures on Interact.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
9.2 	The Executive shall also be entitled to the personal use of a car and 
a driver.
 
10. 	Pension and Other Benefits
 
10.1 	The Executive shall continue to participate in the Fundacao Albino 
Souza Cruz (FASC) with an annual accrual rate of 1.85%. The Executives 
Brazilian pensionable salary will be based on the salary of that of a 
General Manager of Souza Cruz S.A. The Brazilian pensionable salary will be 
adjusted in line with local practice and agreed by the Company on an annual 
basis. Benefits from the FASC remain subject to the rules of that scheme.
 
  	10.1.1 	In addition, the Executive will continue to accrue a pension of 
0.65% for each year of service (the UK Accrual Rate) with effect from 1 
March 2006, being the date of appointment of the Executive to the British 
American Tobacco Management Board. At retirement the pension will be based 
on the Executives basic UK salary averaged over the twelve month period 
immediately prior to retirement. The accrued pension will be provided 
through the Companys unfunded unapproved retirement benefit scheme 
(UURBS).
 
  	10.1.2 	Further, when the Executives UK basic salary exceeds £670,000 
as an initial base, then the UK Accrual Rate for the element of basic 
salary in excess of £670,000 will increase from 0.65% as stated in 10.1.1 
above to 2.50% for each year of service and will continue to be provided 
through the UURBS.
 
  	10.1.3 	The initial basic salary level of £670,000 in respect of the 
2.50% accrual provided through the UURBS will be adjusted annually by the 
same percentage as that agreed for the Executives pensionable salary for 
the purposes of calculating benefits payable from the FASC.
 
10.2 	The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the following 
benefits schemes: private medical expenses scheme, personal accident 
scheme, life assurance pensionable scheme (4 x pensionable salary), subject 
to the terms and conditions of such schemes from time to time in force. 
Details of such scheme(s) can be obtained from the Companys HR Policies 
and Procedures on Interact. The Company reserves the right to terminate or 
substitute other scheme(s) for such scheme(s) or to amend the scale of 
benefits of such scheme(s) including the level of benefits. If any scheme 
provider (including but not limited to any insurance company) refuses for 
any reason (whether based on its own interpretation of the terms of the 
insurance policy or otherwise) to provide any benefits to the Executive, 
the Company shall not be liable to provide any such benefits itself or any 
compensation in lieu thereof.
 
10.3 	Any actual or prospective loss of entitlement to benefit under any 
long-term disability or private medical expenses benefits shall not limit 
or prevent the Company from exercising its right to terminate the 
Employment in accordance with Clauses 2 or 17 hereof.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.4 	The Executive shall be eligible to receive the following benefits:
 
  	(a) 	the provision of tax support services provided by the Companys 
external advisers to include assistance with the Executives UK and Brazil 
tax returns for the UK tax year up to and including 2012/2013;
 
  	(b) 	four first-class airline return tickets to Brazil in each calendar 
year for each of the Executive and his spouse effective from 1 January 2010 
to and 31 December 2011 (the Ticket Entitlement); and
 
  	(c) 	the payment by the Company of the cost of spouse or partner career 
counselling up to a maximum total amount of £1,000.
 
10.5 	For the avoidance of doubt:
 
  	10.5.1 	the Ticket Entitlement referred to in Clause 10.4 includes those 
other domestic flights in Brazil being necessary as part of a leg of an 
international flight which forms the Ticket Entitlement and, further, any 
unused part of the Ticket Entitlement in a calendar year shall expire at 
the end of that calendar year and may not be carried forward into the 
following calendar year; and
 
  	10.5.2 	none of the allowances or payments referred to in Clause 10.4 
form part of the Executives pensionable salary. Further, the Company will 
pay any UK taxes due on the aforesaid benefits set out in Clause 10.4.
 
11. 	Sickness Benefit
 
11.1 	In the event of the Executive being absent from work due to sickness 
or injury, the Company will continue to pay his normal salary (inclusive of 
any Statutory Sick Pay to which he may be entitled) for a period of up to 
two months, and then half his normal salary for a period of up to a month, 
during any period of 12 months (Company Sick Pay). Thereafter, the 
payment of any further sick pay will be at the discretion of the Company. 
Company Sick Pay will be based on the Executives normal salary less any 
State benefits claimable by the Executive on account of his sickness or 
injury, less normal deductions. The Executives entitlement of Company Sick 
Pay is subject to his compliance with the sickness notification 
requirements set out in the Companys HR Policies and Procedures on 
Interact.
 
11.2 	Irrespective of Clause 11.1 above, the Executive will receive 
Statutory Sick Pay (SSP) when the Executive qualifies for it, although 
where Company Sick Pay and Statutory Sick Pay are payable for the same day 
of sickness absence, the Executive will receive the higher of the two sums. 
Further details on Statutory Sick Pay are set out in the Companys HR 
Policies and Procedures on Interact.
 
11.3 	
The Company reserves the right to require the Executive to undergo a 
medical examination by a doctor or consultant nominated by it, in which 
event the Company will
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 bear the cost thereof. The Executive shall authorise the doctor to 
disclose to and discuss with the Board (and, in the first instance, the 
Chairman) the results of the examination. The Executive consents to the 
Company processing sensitive personal data relating to the results of such 
examination.
 
11.4 	The Executives entitlement to Company Sick Pay is subject to the 
Companys right to terminate the Employment in accordance with this 
Agreement.
 
11.5 	If the illness, accident or other incapacity shall be, or appear to 
be, caused by actionable negligence of a third party in respect of which 
damages are or may be recoverable, the Executive shall immediately notify 
the Board of that fact and of any claim, compromise, settlement or judgment 
made or awarded in connection with it. The Executive shall also give to the 
Board all particulars the Board may reasonably require and shall, if 
required by the Board, refund all or such part of the sums paid to or for 
the benefit of him by way of salary, bonus or benefits during the relevant 
period as the Board may reasonably determine. The amount to be refunded 
shall not, however, exceed the amount of damages or compensation and 
interest thereon recovered by the Executive, less any unrecovered costs 
borne by him in connection with the recovery of such damages or 
compensation, and shall not exceed the total remuneration paid to him by 
way of salary, bonus and benefits in respect of the period of such illness, 
accident or other incapacity.
 
12. 	Holidays
 
12.1 	The Executive shall be entitled to receive his normal remuneration 
for all Bank and Public holidays normally observed in England and a further 
25 working days holiday in each holiday year (the period from 1 January to 
31 December). The Executive may only take his holiday at such times as are 
agreed with the Chief Executive or the Chairman, as appropriate.
 
12.2 	In the holiday year when the Employment ceases, the Executive will be 
treated as having accrued holiday on a pro rata basis by reference to his 
last day at work. If on the cessation of his employment the Executive has 
exceeded his holiday entitlement, this excess of holiday taken will be 
deducted from any sums due to him. If the Executive has accrued holiday 
entitlement which has not been taken, the Company may at its sole 
discretion either require him to take such holiday or pay him a sum in lieu 
of it. If the Executive refuses to work out all or any part of his notice 
period, he will forfeit any accrued holiday which has not been taken or 
such holiday entitlement equal to the number of days which the Executive 
refuses to work during his notice period.
 
12.3 	No holiday entitlement or pay shall be treated as accruing during any 
period covered by the Compensation Payment.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. 	Reasonableness of Restrictions

The Executive recognises that, whilst performing his duties for the 
Company, he will have access to and come into contact with trade secrets 
and confidential information belonging to the Company or to Group Companies 
and will obtain personal knowledge of and influence over its or their 
customers and/or employees. The Executive therefore agrees that the 
restrictions contained or referred to in Clauses 14 and 16 and Schedule 2 
are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests 
of the Company and its Group Companies both during and after the 
termination of his employment.
 
14. 	Confidentiality
 
14.1 	The Executive shall neither during the Employment (except in the 
proper performance of his duties or if authorised by the Board or required 
by law) nor at any time (without limit) after the termination thereof, 
directly or indirectly:
 
  	14.1.1 	use for his own purposes or those of any other person, company, 
business entity or other organisation whatsoever; or
 
  	14.1.2 	disclose to any person, company, business entity or other 
organisation whatsoever;

any trade secrets or confidential information relating or belonging to the 
Company or its Group Companies including but not limited to any such 
information relating to customers, customer lists or requirements, price 
lists or pricing structures, sales and marketing information, business 
plans or dealings, employees or officers, source codes and computer 
systems, software, financial information and plans, designs, formulae, 
prototypes, product lines, services, research activities or results, any 
document marked Confidential (or with a similar expression), or any 
information which the Executive has been told is confidential or which he 
might reasonably expect the Company would regard as confidential, or any 
information which has been given to the Company or Group Company in 
confidence by customers, suppliers or other persons.
 
14.2 	The Executive shall not at any time during the continuance of his 
employment with the Company make any notes or memoranda relating to any 
matter within the scope of the Companys business, dealings or affairs 
otherwise than for the benefit of the Company or any Group Company.
 
14.3 	The obligations contained in Clause 14.1 shall cease to apply to any 
information or knowledge which:
 
  	14.3.1 	may subsequently come into the public domain after the 
termination of employment other than by way of unauthorised disclosure 
(whether or not by the Executive);
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	14.3.2 	the Executive is entitled to disclose under the Public Interest 
Disclosure Act 1998 provided the Executive has first fully complied with 
the Companys procedures relating to such external disclosures.
 
14.4 	The Company may at any time during the Employment require the 
Executive to deliver up to it immediately all documents (including all 
notes, original documents, extracts and summaries thereof), discs and other 
information storing medium relating to the business or affairs of the 
Company or any Group Company which he obtained or made whilst an employee 
of the Company. This obligation shall include all copies and reproductions 
of the same, however made.
 
15. 	Copyright, Inventions and Patents
 
15.1 	All records, documents, papers (including copies and summaries 
thereof) and other copyright protected works made or acquired by the 
Executive in the course of the Employment shall, together with all the 
worldwide copyright and design rights in all such works, be and at all 
times remain the absolute property of the Company.
 
15.2 	The Executive hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives all 
rights granted by Chapter IV of Part I of the Copyright, Designs and 
Patents Act 1988 that vest in him (whether before, on or after the date 
hereof) in connection with his authorship of any copyright works in the 
course of his employment with the Company, wherever in the world 
enforceable, including without limitation the right to be identified as the 
author of any such works and the right not to have any such works subjected 
to derogatory treatment.
 
15.3 	The Company and the Executive acknowledge and accept the provisions 
of Sections 39 to 42 of the Patents Act 1977 (the Act) relating to the 
ownership of employees inventions and the compensation of employees for 
certain inventions respectively.
 
15.4 	The Executive acknowledges and agrees that, by virtue of the nature 
of his duties and the responsibility arising, he has a special obligation 
to further the interests of the Company within the meaning of Section 
39(1)(b) of the Act.
 
15.5 	Any invention, development, process, plan, design, formula, 
specification, program or other matter or work whatsoever (collectively 
the Inventions) made, developed or discovered by the Executive, either 
alone or in concert, during the course of the Executives duties of 
employment for the Company shall forthwith be disclosed to the Company and, 
subject to Section 39 of the Act, shall belong to and be the absolute 
property of the Company.
 
15.6 	With respect to those rights in the Inventions which do not belong to 
the Company pursuant to Clause 15.5 but which were made (wholly or partly, 
either alone or in concert) using the Companys equipment, or (wholly or 
partly, either alone or in concert) using information obtained during the 
course of the Executives employment, or else are Inventions which are or 
may be relevant to or related to the Companys existing or future
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 business (collectively Executive Rights), the Executive at the 
request and cost of the Company (and notwithstanding the termination of his 
employment) shall forthwith license or assign (as determined by the 
Company) to the Company the Executive Rights and shall deliver to the 
Company all documents and other materials relating to the Inventions. The 
Company shall pay to the Executive such compensation for the licence or 
assignment as the Company shall determine in its absolute discretion, 
subject to Section 40 of the Act.
 
15.7 	The Executive shall at the request and cost of the Company (and 
notwithstanding the termination of his employment) sign and execute all 
such documents and do all such acts as the Company may reasonably require:-
 
  	15.7.1 	to apply for and obtain in the sole name of the Company alone 
(unless the Company otherwise directs) patent, registered design, or other 
protection of any nature whatsoever in respect of the Inventions in any 
country throughout the world and, when so obtained or vested, to renew and 
maintain the same;
 
  	15.7.2 	to resist any objection or opposition to obtaining, and any 
petitions or applications for revocation of, any such patent, registered 
design or other protection;
 
  	15.7.3 	to bring any proceedings for infringement of any such patent, 
registered design or other protection; and
 
  	15.7.4 	otherwise to give effect to the assignments, waivers and 
licences contemplated under this Clause 15.
 
15.8 	The Executive irrevocably appoints the Company to be his attorney and 
in his name and on his behalf to execute any documents and generally to act 
and to use his name for the purpose of giving to the Company (or its 
nominee) the full benefit this clause 15. A certificate in writing signed 
by a director or the secretary of the Company that an instrument or act 
falls within the authority conferred by this clause 15 shall be conclusive 
evidence in favour of a third party that it is the case.
 
15.9 	The Company shall decide, in its sole discretion, whenever to apply 
for patent, registered design or other protection in respect of the 
Inventions and reserves the right to work any of the Inventions as a secret 
process in which event the Executive shall observe the obligations relating 
to confidential information which are contained in Clause 14 of this 
Agreement.
 
16. 	Post-Termination Covenants
 
16.1 	The Executive agrees that he will observe the post-termination 
obligations set out in Schedule 2 hereto.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
16.2 	The Executive agrees that in the event of receiving from any person, 
company, business entity or other organisation an offer of employment 
either during the continuance of the Agreement or during the continuance in 
force of any of the restrictions set out in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, he 
will forthwith provide to such person, company, business entity or other 
organisation making such an offer of employment a full and accurate copy of 
the restrictions set out in Clauses 14 and 16 hereof, and Schedule 2 
annexed hereto.
 
17. 	Termination
 
17.1 	Notwithstanding Clause 2, the Company may terminate the Employment 
with immediate effect and without any payment in lieu of notice if the 
Executive shall at any time:-
 
  	17.1.1 	be guilty of dishonesty, or other serious misconduct, or gross 
incompetence or wilful neglect of duty, or commit any other serious or 
persistent breach of this Agreement; or
 
  	17.1.2 	refuse or neglect to comply with any lawful directions given to 
the Executive by the Company; or
 
  	17.1.3 	act in any manner (whether in the course of his duties or 
otherwise) which is likely to bring him, or the Company or any Group 
Company into disrepute or prejudice the interests of the Company or any 
Group Company; or
 
  	17.1.4 	be declared bankrupt, apply for or have made against him a 
receiving order under Section 286 Insolvency Act 1986, or have any order 
made against him to reach a voluntary arrangement as defined by Section 253 
of that Act or compounded with his creditors; or
 
  	17.1.5 	resign as a director of the Company or any Group Company 
(without the Boards written consent) or fail to offer himself for 
re-election on his retiring by rotation (unless agreed by the Company); or
 
  	17.1.6 	be or become of unsound mind; or
 
  	17.1.7 	be guilty of continuing unsatisfactory conduct or poor 
performance of his duties, after having received a written warning from the 
Company relating to the same; or
 
  	17.1.8 	be convicted of an indictable offence (excluding offences under 
the Road Traffic legislation for which he is not sentenced to a term of 
imprisonment); or
 
  	17.1.9 	be or become prohibited by law from being a director.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Any delay by the Company in exercising such right to termination shall not 
constitute a waiver thereof. This Clause 17.1 shall not restrict any other 
right the Company may have (whether at common law or otherwise) to 
terminate the Employment summarily.
 
17.2 	On termination of the Employment, the Executive shall forthwith 
return to the Company in accordance with its instructions all equipment, 
correspondence, records, specifications, software, models, notes, reports 
and other documents and any copies thereof and any other property belonging 
to the Company or its Group Companies (including but not limited to the 
Company car, keys, credit cards, samples, equipment and passes) which are 
in his possession or under his control. The Executive shall, if so required 
by the Company, confirm in writing his compliance with his obligations 
under this Clause 17.2.
 
17.3 	The Executive agrees that the Company may decide (at its option):-
 
  	17.3.1 	(as an alternative to giving notice to the Executive or 
requiring the Executive to work out his notice) give to the Executive a 
Compensation Payment in lieu of all or any part of any notice of 
termination of employment (whether given by the Executive or the Company) 
to which, for the avoidance of doubt, the Executive shall have no 
entitlement unless and until the Company notifies the Executive in writing 
of its decision to make the Compensation Payment to him; and/or
 
  	17.3.2 	require the Executive not to attend work and/or not to undertake 
all or any of his duties hereunder during all or any part of any period of 
notice (whether given by the Executive or the Company), PROVIDED ALWAYS 
that the Company shall continue to pay the Executives salary and 
contractual benefits and for this purpose, the assessment of the 
Executives performance under the International Executive Incentive Scheme 
(including the deferred element delivered by the Deferred Share Bonus 
Scheme) shall be at target level. During any such garden leave period the 
Company shall not be obliged to provide any work for the Executive or to 
assign or vest in him any powers, duties or functions and the Executive 
shall (for the avoidance of doubt) continue to be bound by all terms of 
this Agreement and the duties of fidelity and good faith and cannot 
undertake work for any other entity or work in a self employed or 
contractor capacity.
 
17.4 	Where the Company pays the Compensation Payment to the Executive, 
(or, where the Compensation Payment as calculated under Schedule 1 is zero 
and the Executive is owed, or paid, an amount by any Group Company) the 
Executive shall be treated as accepting it in full and final settlement of 
all claims against the Company, all Group Companies and their respective 
employees arising in any jurisdiction and arising out of the Executives 
contract of employment or any other employment with any Group Company or 
any holding of any office with the Company or any Group Company or 
its/their termination and, on receipt of such Compensation Payment (or such 
payment from another Group Company as referred to above), the Executive 
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives all such claims. However this 
Clause 17.4 shall not apply to any pension rights which have accrued in 
respect of the Schemes stated in Clause 10.1 above up to the date of the 
termination of the Employment.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
17.5 	The Company shall have the right to suspend the Executive on full pay 
pending any investigation into any potential dishonesty, gross misconduct 
or any other circumstances which may give rise to a right to the Company to 
terminate pursuant to Clause 17.1 above.
 
17.6 	The termination of the Employment shall be without prejudice to any 
right the Company may have in respect of any breach by the Executive of any 
of the provisions of this Agreement which may have occurred prior to such 
termination.
 
17.7 	The Executive agrees that (unless the contrary is agreed by the 
Company in writing) he will not at any time after the termination of the 
Employment represent himself as still having any connection with the 
Company or any Group Company, save as a former employee for the purpose of 
communicating with prospective employers or complying with any applicable 
statutory requirements.
 
18. 	Directorships
 
18.1 	The Executives duties as a director of the Company or any other 
Group Company are subject to the Articles of Association of the relevant 
company for the time being.
 
18.2 	The Executive shall, if requested by the Company, forthwith resign in 
writing from all directorships, trusteeships and other offices he may hold 
from time to time with the Company or any Group Company without 
compensation for loss of office in the event of:-
 
  	18.2.1 	the termination of his employment; or
 
  	18.2.2 	either the Company or the Executive serving on the other notice 
of termination of the Employment; or
 
  	18.2.3 	the Company exercising its rights under Clause 17.3.2 above.
 
18.3 	In the event of the Executive failing to comply with his obligations 
under Clause 18.2 above, he hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
authorises the Company to appoint some person in his name and on his behalf 
to sign or execute any documents and/or do all things necessary to 
requisite to give immediate effect to such resignations as referred to in 
Clause 18.2 above.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. 	Waiver of Rights

The Executive shall have no claim against the Company if the Employment is 
terminated by reason of the liquidation of the Company for the purposes of 
amalgamation or reconstruction provided that he is offered re-employment 
with any concern or undertaking resulting from such amalgamation or 
reconstruction on terms and conditions which, taken as a whole, are not 
substantially less favourable than the terms of this Agreement.
 
20. 	Grievance and Disciplinary Procedures
 
20.1 	If the Executive has any grievance relating to the Employment, he 
should raise it with the Chairman and thereafter (if the matter is not 
resolved) with the Board. In such a case the Board will deal with the 
matter by discussion and majority decision of those present and voting (but 
without the Executive being entitled to vote on that issue).
 
20.2 	The Company will follow any appropriate disciplinary procedures as 
applicable to the level of seniority of the Executive. If the Executive is 
dissatisfied with any disciplinary decision taken in relation to him, he 
may appeal in writing to the Chairman within 7 days of that decision. The 
Executive is subject to the Companys disciplinary rules, which can be 
found on the Companys HR Policies and Procedures on Interact.
 
21. 	Miscellaneous
 
21.1 	The various provisions and sub-provisions of this Agreement and the 
Schedules attached hereto are severable and if any provision or 
sub-provision is held to be unenforceable by any court of competent 
jurisdiction then such unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability 
of the remaining provisions or sub-provisions in this Agreement or 
Schedules.
 
21.2 	The Executive represents and warrants that he is not prevented by any 
agreement, arrangement, contract, understanding, Court Order or otherwise, 
which in any way directly or indirectly restricts or prohibits him from 
fully performing the duties of the Employment, or any of them, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
21.3 	Any notice to be given hereunder may be delivered (a) in the case of 
the Company by first class post addressed to its Registered Office for the 
time being and (b) in the case of the Executive, either to him personally 
or by first class post to his last known address.
 
21.4 	Notices served by post shall be deemed served on the second business 
day after the date of posting. For the purposes of this Clause 21.4, 
business day means a day on which banks are open for business in the 
place of both the posting and the address of the notice.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
21.5 	There is no collective agreement applicable to the Employment.
 
22. 	Construction
 
22.1 	The provisions of Schedules 1, 2 and 3 hereto and any additional 
terms endorsed in writing by or on behalf of the parties hereto shall be 
read and construed as part of this Agreement and shall be enforceable 
accordingly.
 
22.2 	The benefit of each agreement and obligation of the Executive under 
Clauses 14, 16 and Schedule 2 hereto of this Agreement may be assigned to 
and enforced by all successors and assignees for the time being of the 
Company and its Group Companies and such agreements and obligations shall 
operate and remain binding notwithstanding the termination of this 
Agreement.
 
22.3 	Any reference in this Agreement to an Act of Parliament shall be 
deemed to include any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof.
 
22.4 	A person who is not a party to this Agreement shall not have any 
rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Agreement.
 
23. 	Prior Agreements

This Agreement cancels and is in substitution for all previous letters of 
engagement, agreements and arrangements (whether oral or in writing) 
relating to the subject-matter hereof between the Company and the Executive 
all of which shall be deemed to have been terminated by mutual consent. 
This Agreement constitutes the entire terms and conditions of the 
Executives employment and no waiver or modification thereof shall be valid 
unless in writing, signed by the parties and only to the extent therein set 
forth.
 
24. 	Enforcement and Governing Law
 
24.1 	This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of England.
 
24.2 	Without prejudice to any rights of either party to seek injunctive or 
declaratory relief in the Courts, and without prejudice to your statutory 
rights, the Company and you agree that on the occurrence of any dispute 
concerning interpretation or application of this Agreement, the help of the 
Centre for Dispute Resolution (CEDR) will be sought to resolve the dispute 
in private by means of alternative dispute resolution (ADR). Either party 
may refer the matter to CEDR in which event both parties will fully 
co-operate in the process which CEDR may propose. There shall be no 
obligation on you to continue to participate in the ADR process after 90 
days from the date of referral of the dispute to CEDR.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
24.3 	The parties agree that if a dispute cannot be resolved pursuant to 
clause 24.2 above, the parties agree to submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts.

EXECUTED and DELIVERED by the parties as a deed
 
 Executed and Delivered as a Deed by
   	) 	   	
/s/ Richard Burrows
BRITISH AMERICAN 	   	) 	  
TOBACCO p.l.c. 	   	) 	  
   	 	   	Director
   	     	   	/s/ Nicola Snook
   	 	   	Secretary
Executed and Delivered as a Deed by 	   	) 	   	/s/ Nicandro Durante
NICANDRO DURANTE 	   	) 	  
in the presence of: 	   	) 	  
/s/ Richard Solk
   	 	   	Signature of witness
RICHARD SOLK
   	 	   	Name of witness
5 GRANTHAM MEWS
   	 	   	Address of witness
BERKHAMSTED
   	 	   	
HP4 2XT
   	 	   	
GROUP HEAD OF REWARD
   	 	   	Occupation of witness
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1

In this Agreement, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings:
 
Board
the Board of Directors of the Company or a duly constituted committee of 
the Board of Directors;
 
Companies Act 1985
the Companies Act 1985, as in force from time to time;
 
Companies Act 2006
the Companies Act 2006, as in force from time to time;
 
Companies Acts
the Companies Act 1985 and the Companies Act 2006;
 
Compensation Payment
Means a sum calculated as follows:
 
  	 [LOGO]
 
  	(a) 	A is the number of days of the Executives notice of termination 
of employment (i) to which he is entitled under Clause 2.2 above of this 
Agreement, or (ii) where the notice period has already commenced, the 
number of days of such notice period which remain outstanding.
 
  	(b) 	B is the aggregate of (i) the Executives annual base salary 
referred to in Clause 6.1 on the date when he is notified in writing by the 
Company that it will be making him a Compensation Payment, (ii) a cash sum 
equal to the car allowance which would be applicable to the Executive, 
(iii) a cash sum equal to the cost to the Company of providing to the 
Executive the benefits referred to in Clause 10.2 above provided that the 
Company shall have the option to continue to provide one or more of such 
benefits to the Executive in lieu of giving a cash sum in respect of such 
benefit so provided.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(c) 	C is any amount payable to or paid to the Executive on 
termination of employment with any Group Company;
 
Disclosure and Transparency Rules
the Disclosure and Transparency Rules published by the Financial Services 
Authority;
 
Effective Date
means 1 September 2010;
 
Employment
means the Executives employment in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement;
 
Group Company
means the Company, any holding company of the Company and any subsidiary of 
the Company or of any such holding company (with holding company and 
subsidiary having the meanings ascribed to them by the Companies Acts);
 
Immediate Family
shall include husband, wife, common law spouse, civil partner, children, 
brothers, sisters, cousins, aunts, uncles, parents, grandparents, and the 
aforesaid relatives by marriage;
 
JSE Listings Requirements
the Listings Requirements published by the JSE Limited, as may be 
applicable from time-to-time in respect of the secondary listing of the 
Companys ordinary shares on the JSE Limited in South Africa;
 
Listing Rules
the Listing Rules published by the Financial Services Authority;
 
Model Code
the Model Code on directors dealings in securities set out in the Listing 
Rules issued from time to time by the Financial Services Authority and any 
other code or guidelines issued governing the conduct of directors in that 
regard as the Company may from time to time adopt or issue;
 
Prospectus Rules
the Prospectus Rules published by the Financial Services Authority;
 
Recognised Investment Exchange
has the meaning given to it by section 285 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000;
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Securities
any shares, debentures (whether or not secured), warrants or options to 
purchase any shares or debentures;
 
Termination Date
shall mean the date upon which the Executives employment with the Company 
terminates;
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 2

POST TERMINATION COVENANTS
 
1. 	Definitions

For the purposes of this Schedule 2, the following words and cognate 
expressions shall have the meanings set out below:
 
1.1 	Board shall have the meaning set out in the Agreement attached 
hereto, and shall its successors in title and assigns (as applicable).
 
1.2 	Company shall have the meaning set out in the Agreement attached 
hereto, and shall include their successors in title and assigns (as 
applicable).
 
1.3 	Restricted Employee means any person who was employed by (i) the 
Company or (ii) any Group Company, for at least 3 months prior to and on 
the Termination Date and:
 
  	1.3.1 	with whom the Executive had material contact or dealings in 
performing his duties of his employment; or
 
  	1.3.2 	who had material contact with customers or suppliers of the 
Company in performing his or her duties of employment with the Company or 
any Group Company (as applicable); and
 
  	1.3.3 	who was a member of the management team of the Company or any 
Group Company (as applicable) or
 
  	1.3.4 	who was a member of the Research & Development Department of the 
Company or any Group Company (as applicable).
 
1.4 	Customer shall mean any person, firm, company or other organisation 
whatsoever to whom the Company has supplied goods or services, other than 
in a retail capacity.
 
1.5 	Group Company shall have the meaning set out in the Agreement 
attached hereto, and shall include its successors in title and assigns (as 
applicable).
 
1.6 	Prohibited Area means:
 
  	1.6.1 	England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland;;
 
  	1.6.2 	any other country in the world where, on the Termination Date, 
the Company develops, sells, supplies, manufactures or researches its 
products or services or where the Company is intending within 3 months 
following the Termination Date to develop, sell, supply or manufacture its 
products or services and in respect of which the Executive has been 
responsible (whether alone or jointly with others), concerned or active on 
behalf of the Company during any part of the 12 months immediately 
preceding the Termination Date.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.7 	Prospective Customer shall mean any person, firm, company or other 
organisation with whom the Company has had any negotiations or material 
discussions regarding the possible supply of goods or services by the 
Company other than in a retail capacity.
 
1.8 	The Relevant Period shall mean the lesser of:-
 
  	1.8.1 	the 12 months immediately following the Termination Date;
 
  	1.8.2 	the period specified in paragraph 1.8 above less the number of 
days on which the Executive has been required by the Company (pursuant to 
Clause 17.3.2 of the Agreement) both not to attend at work and not to 
perform any duties of employment.
 
1.9 	Supplier means any person, company, business entity or other 
organisation whatsoever who:
 
  	1.9.1 	has supplied goods or services to the Company during any part of 
the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination Date; or
 
  	1.9.2 	has agreed prior to the Termination Date to supply goods or 
services to the Company to commence at any time in the 12 months following 
the Termination Date; or
 
  	1.9.3 	as at the Termination Date, supplies goods or services to the 
Company under an exclusive contract or arrangement between that Supplier 
and the Company.
 
1.10 	Termination Date shall have the meaning set out in the Agreement 
hereto.
 
2. 	Non-Competition

The Executive hereby agrees that he shall not (without the consent in 
writing of the Board) for the Relevant Period within the Prohibited Area 
and whether on his own behalf or in conjunction with or on behalf or any 
other person, firm, company or other organisation (and whether as an 
employee, director, principal, agent, consultant or in any other capacity 
whatsoever,) in competition with the Company be directly or indirectly (i) 
employed or engaged in, or (ii) perform services in respect of, or (iii) 
have any financial interest in, or (iv) be otherwise concerned with:-
 
2.1 	the research into, development, manufacture, supply or marketing of 
any product which is of the same or similar type to any product researched, 
or developed, or manufactured, or supplied, or marketed by the Company 
during the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination Date;
 
2.2 	the research into, development, manufacture, supply or marketing of 
any product which is to the same or a similar type to any product which the 
Company was (as at the Termination Date) proposing to launch within 12 
months of the Termination Date;
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.3 	the development or provision of any services (including but not 
limited to technical and product support, or consultancy or customer 
services) which are of the same or similar type to any services provided by 
the Company during the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination 
Date;
 
2.4 	the development or provision of any services (including but not 
limited to technical and product support or consultancy or customer 
services) which are of the same or similar type to any services which the 
Company was (as at the Termination Date) proposing to launch within 12 
months of the Termination Date.

PROVIDED ALWAYS that the provision of this paragraph 2 shall apply only in 
respect of products or services with which the Executive was either 
personally concerned or for which he was responsible whilst employed by the 
Company during the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination Date.

The provisions of this paragraph 2 shall not, at any time following the 
Termination Date, prevent the Executive (i) from holding shares or other 
capital not amounting to more than 5% of the total issued share capital of 
any company, listed on a Recognised Share Exchange or (ii) from being 
employed in, or providing services to, any part of a business (which does 
not fall within the scope of paragraphs 2.1 to 2.4 above) being operated by 
another company, firm of other business entity, even though another part of 
the business of such company, firm or other business entity (with which the 
Executive is not directly or indirectly concerned or employed) does fall 
within the scope of paragraphs 2.1 to 2.4 above.
 
3. 	Non-Solicitation of Customers

The Executive hereby agrees that he shall not for the Relevant Period 
whether on his own behalf or in conjunction with or on behalf of any 
person, company, business entity or other organisation (and whether as an 
employee, director, principal, agent, consultant or in any other capacity 
whatsoever), directly or indirectly (i) solicit or, (ii) assist in 
soliciting, or (iii) accept, or (iv) facilitate the acceptance of, or (v) 
deal with, in competition with the Company, the custom or business of any 
Customer or Prospective Customer:-
 
3.1 	with whom the Executive has had material contact or dealings on behalf 
of the Company during the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination 
Date; or
 
3.2 	for whom the Executive was, in a client management capacity on behalf 
of the Company, directly responsible (on his own or in conjunction with 
other individuals) during the 12 months immediately preceding the 
Termination Date.
 
4. 	Non-Solicitation of Restricted Employees

The Executive hereby agrees that he will not for the Relevant Period either 
on his own behalf or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other person, 
company, business entity, or other organisation (and whether as an 
employee, principal, agent, consultant or in any other capacity 
whatsoever), directly or indirectly:-
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.1 	(i) induce, or (ii) solicit, or (iii) entice or (iv) procure, any 
person who is a senior employee to leave the Companys or any Group 
Companys employment (as applicable) where that person is a Restricted 
Employee on the Termination Date;
 
4.2 	be personally involved to a material extent in (i) accepting into 
employment or (ii) otherwise engaging or using the services of, any person 
who is a Restricted Employee on the Termination Date.
 
5. 	Interference with Suppliers

The Executive hereby agrees that he shall not for the Relevant Period, in 
relation to any contract or arrangement which the Company has with any 
Supplier for the exclusive or preferential supply of goods or services to 
the Company and/or to its Group Companies, for the duration of such 
contract or arrangement, whether on his own behalf or in conjunction with 
or on behalf of any person, company, business entity or other organisation, 
(and whether as an employee, director, agent, principal, consultant or in 
any other capacity whatsoever), directly or indirectly:
 
5.1 	interfere with the supply of goods or services to the Company from any 
Supplier;
 
5.2 	induce any Supplier of goods or services to the Company to cease or 
decline to supply such goods or services in the future.
 
6. 	Group Companies
 
6.1 	The provisions of paragraphs 6.2 and 6.3 below shall only apply in 
respect of those Group Companies (i) to whom the Executive gave his 
services, or (ii) for whom he was responsible, or (iii) with whom he was 
otherwise concerned, in the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination 
Date.
 
6.2 	Paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 in this Schedule 2 shall apply as though 
references to the Group Company were substituted for references to the 
Company. The obligations undertaken by the Executive pursuant to this 
Schedule 2 shall, with respect to each Group Company, constitute a separate 
and distinct covenant and the invalidity or unenforceability of any such 
covenant shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the covenants 
in favour of the Company or any other Group Company.
 
6.3 	In relation to each Group Company referred to in paragraphs 6.1 and 
6.2 above, the Company contracts as trustee and agent for the benefit of 
each such Group Company. The Executive agrees that, if required to do so by 
the Company, he will enter into covenants in the same terms as those set 
out in paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 hereof directly with all or any of such 
Group Companies, mutatis mutandis. If the Executive fails, within 7 days of 
receiving such a request from the Company, to sign the necessary documents 
to give effect to the foregoing, the Company shall be entitled, and is 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally authorised by the Executive, to 
execute all such documents as are required to give effect to the foregoing, 
on his behalf.
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 3

BENEFIT SCHEMES
 
1. 	The Executive shall be entitled to participate in the following schemes 
operated by the Company, subject to their respective terms and conditions 
from time to time in force.
 
  	(a) 	International Executive Incentive Scheme (including the Deferred 
Share Bonus Scheme);
 
  	(b) 	Sharesave Scheme;
 
  	(c) 	Employee Share Ownership Plan;
 
  	(d) 	Long Term Incentive Plan;
 
  	(e) 	Long Term Incentive Plan 2007.
 
2. 	The Company may, in its sole discretion, amend or terminate any of the 
above schemes, in which event it will normally give the Executive 30 days 
written notification of it. In the event that any such amendment or 
termination is made, the Executive will not be entitled to receive any 
compensation or continuation of benefit or entitlement in respect of such 
amendment or termination, other than those benefits which have already 
accrued to or vested in him under the existing terms of such schemes as at 
the date of such amendment or termination. Any such amendments or 
termination shall not apply retrospectively.
 
29