 EX-10.1 3 f8k122716ex10i_pacific.htm FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT, BY AND 
AMONG PACIFIC SPECIAL ACQUISITION CORP., BORQS INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CORP, 
AND THE SHAREHOLDER OF BORQS INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CORP PARTY THERETO
Exhibit 10.1
 
FORM OF
VOTING AGREEMENT
 
This Voting Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made as of December 27, 2016 by 
and among (i) Pacific Special Acquisition Corp., a British Virgin Islands 
business company with limited liability (including, without limitation, any 
successor entity thereto, “Purchaser”), (ii) Borqs International Holding 
Corp, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands 
with limited liability (the “Company”), and (iii) the undersigned 
shareholder (“Holder”) of the Company. Any capitalized term used but not 
defined in this Agreement will have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
the Merger Agreement (as defined below).
 
WHEREAS, on or about the date hereof, Purchaser, the Company, PAAC Merger 
Subsidiary Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the 
Cayman Islands with limited liability and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Purchaser (“Merger Sub”), Zhengqi International Holding Limited, a business 
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability, 
in its capacity under the Merger Agreement as the Purchaser Representative, 
Zhengdong Zou, in the capacity as the Seller Representative thereunder, and 
for limited purposes thereof, Zhengqi International Holding Limited, a 
business company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited 
liability, have entered into that certain Merger Agreement, dated as of the 
date hereof (as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms 
thereof, the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge 
with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving 
entity (the “Merger”), and as a result of which (i) all of the issued and 
outstanding shares in the capital of the Company, immediately prior to the 
Effective Time, shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be 
cancelled and shall cease to exist, in exchange for the right to receive a 
Pro Rata Share of the Merger Consideration Shares, subject to the 
withholding of the Escrow Shares being deposited in the Escrow Account in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement and the 
Escrow Agreement, (ii) the Company’s options shall be assumed (with 
equitable adjustments to the number and exercise price of such assumed 
Company options) by Purchaser with the result that such assumed options 
shall be exercisable into ordinary shares of Purchaser and (iii) the 
Company’s warrant holders immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be 
issued warrants of the Purchaser exercisable into ordinary shares of the 
Purchaser, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Merger Agreement and in accordance with the applicable provisions of 
the Companies Law (2016 Revision) of the Cayman Islands (as amended, the “
Cayman Law”);
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has 
unanimously (a) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement, the 
Plan of Merger, the Ancillary Documents, the Merger and the other 
transactions contemplated by any such document (collectively with the 
Merger, the “Transactions”), (b) determined that the Transactions are fair 
to and in the best interests of the Company and the holders of the shares 
in the capital of the Company (the “Company Shareholders”) and (c) 
recommended the approval and the adoption by each of the Company 
Shareholders of the Merger Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the Ancillary 
Documents, the Merger and the other Transactions;
 
WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of Purchaser to enter into the 
Merger Agreement, and as an inducement and in consideration therefor, and 
in view of the valuable consideration to be received by the Holder 
thereunder, and the expenses and efforts to be undertaken by the Purchaser 
and the Company to consummate the Transactions, Purchaser, the Company and 
the Holder desire to enter into this Agreement in order for the Holder to 
provide certain assurances to the Purchaser regarding the manner in which 
the Holder is bound hereunder to vote any shares in the capital of the 
Company which the Holder beneficially owns, holds or otherwise has voting 
power (the “Shares”) during the period from and including the date hereof 
through and including the date on which this Agreement is terminated in 
accordance with its terms (the “Voting Period”) with respect to the Merger 
Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the Ancillary Documents and the 
Transactions; and
 

 

 

 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the Merger Agreement, certain other
 shareholders of the Company are entering into voting agreements with
 Purchaser and the Company substantially similar in form and substance to
 this Agreement (each, an “Other Voting Agreement”).
  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, which are 
incorporated in this Agreement as if fully set forth below, and intending 
to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows:
 
1.  Payment. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement, contingent upon the undersigned’s compliance with this 
Agreement, as a condition to, an inducement for and in consideration for 
the willingness of Purchaser to enter into the Merger Agreement, and in 
consideration of a payment of USD $100.00 (the “Payment”) which the Company 
promises to pay to the Holder , (less any withholdings as required by all 
applicable laws), at or prior to the Closing, the Holder agrees to be bound 
by and to act in accordance with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement. The Payment may be made by the Company in the form of a check 
payable to the Holder and delivered to the address set forth below the 
Holder’s signature on the signature page of this Agreement or by wire 
transfer to a bank account designated by the Holder.
 
2.  Covenant to Vote in Favor of Transactions. In exchange for the 
consideration described in Section 1 above, the Holder agrees, with respect 
to all of the Shares:
 
(a)  during Voting Period, at each meeting of the Company Shareholders, and 
in each written consent or resolutions of any of the Company Shareholders 
in which Holder is entitled to vote or consent, Holder hereby 
unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to be present for such meeting and 
vote (in person or by proxy), or consent to any action by written consent 
or resolution with respect to, as applicable, the Shares (i) in favor of, 
and adopt, the Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the 
Ancillary Documents, any amendments to the Organizational Documents of the 
Surviving Company, the Merger and all of the other Transactions (and any 
actions required in furtherance thereof), (ii) in favor of the election of 
the Company Directors, Purchaser Directors and Mutual Directors to the 
Post-Closing Purchaser Board and the to the board of directors of the 
Surviving Company as of the Closing, and the other matters set forth in 
Section 5.17 of the Merger Agreement and the Required Company Shareholder 
Approval, and (iii) to vote the Shares in opposition to: (A) any 
Alternative Transaction and any and all other proposals for the acquisition 
of the Company, that could reasonably be expected to delay or impair the 
ability of the Company to consummate the Merger, the Merger Agreement, the 
Plan of Merger or any of the Transactions, or which are in competition with 
or materially inconsistent with the Merger Agreement or the Ancillary 
Documents; (B) other than as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, any 
material change in (x) the present capitalization of the Company or any 
amendment of the Company’s Organizational Documents or (y) the Company’s 
corporate structure or business; or (C) any other action or proposal 
involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is intended, or would 
reasonably be expected, to prevent, impede, interfere with, delay, postpone 
or adversely affect in any material respect the Transactions or would 
reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the Company’s 
obligations under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled.
 
(b)  to execute and deliver all related documentation and take such other 
action reasonably required in support of the Merger, the Merger Agreement, 
the Plan of Merger, any Ancillary Documents (except that it is understood 
that the Holder will not execute, deliver, or be bound by the 
Non-Competition Agreement) and any of the Transactions as shall reasonably 
be requested by the Company or Purchaser in order to carry out the terms 
and provision of this Section 2, including executing and delivering an 
applicable Letter of Transmittal, Transmittal Documents, stock power in 
favor of Purchaser and covering the Shares, Company Certificate, any 
actions by written consent of the shareholders of the Company in connection 
with the Merger and the other Transactions presented to the Holder, any 
applicable Ancillary Documents (including without limitation the Lock-Up 
Agreement, however, it being understood that the Holder will not execute, 
deliver, or be bound by the Non-Competition Agreement);
 

  	2 	 

 

 
(c)  not to deposit, and to cause their Affiliates not to deposit, except 
as provided in this Agreement, any Shares owned by the Holder or 
his/her/its Affiliates in a voting trust or subject any Shares to any 
arrangement or agreement with respect to the voting of such Shares, unless 
specifically requested to do so by Purchaser in connection with the Merger 
Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the Ancillary Documents and any of the 
Transactions;
 
(d)  except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Ancillary 
Documents, make, or in any manner participate in, directly or indirectly, a 
“solicitation” of “proxies” or consents (as such terms are used in the 
rules of the SEC) or powers of attorney or similar rights to vote, or seek 
to advise or influence any Person with respect to the voting of, any 
Company Shares in connection with any vote or other action with respect to 
the Transactions, other than to recommend that Holders of the Company vote 
in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Transactions, the 
election of directors as contemplated by Section 5.17 of the Merger 
Agreement and any other proposal the approval of which is a condition to 
the obligations of the parties under the Merger Agreement (and any actions 
reasonably required in furtherance thereof and otherwise as expressly 
provided by Section 2 of this Agreement); and
 
(e)  to refrain from exercising any dissenters’ rights or rights of 
appraisal under applicable law at any time with respect to the Merger, the 
Merger Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the Ancillary Documents and any of 
the Transactions, including without limitation pursuant to Section 238 of 
Cayman Law.
 
For the avoidance of any doubt, without limiting any rights or remedies of 
the parties available under this Agreement or applicable Law, in the event 
the Holder does not comply with the provisions of this Section 2, then 
neither the Payment nor any portion thereof shall be payable or otherwise 
owed to the Holder and the Holder shall not have any rights under Section 1 
hereof, but the provisions of Sections 2 et seq. shall continue to apply 
and be effective.
 
3.  Other Covenants.
 
(a)  No Transfers. Holder agrees that during the Voting Period it shall not 
without Purchaser’s prior written consent, sell, transfer, assign or 
otherwise dispose of (including by gift) (collectively, a “Transfer”), or 
enter into any contract with respect to, or consent to, a Transfer of, any 
or all of the Shares unless the recipient of such Transfer or contract or 
consent for Transfer agrees in writing with Purchaser and the Company to be 
bound by the terms of this Agreement applicable to the Holder. The Company 
hereby agrees that it shall not permit any Transfer of the Shares in 
violation of this Agreement.
 
(b)  Changes to Shares. In the event of a stock dividend or distribution, 
or any change in the Company Shares by reason of any stock dividend or 
distribution, split-up, recapitalization, combination, conversion, exchange 
of shares or the like, the term “Shares” shall be deemed to refer to and 
include the Shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions 
and any securities into which or for which any or all of the Shares may be 
changed or exchanged or which are received in such transaction.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
(c)  Compliance with Merger Agreement. Holder agrees to not during the 
Voting Period take or agree or commit to take any action that would make 
any representation and warranty of Holder contained in this Agreement 
inaccurate in any material respect. Holder further agrees that it shall use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with Purchaser to effect 
the Merger Agreement, all other Transactions, the Ancillary Documents 
(except that it is understood that the Holder will not execute, deliver, or 
be bound by the Non-Competition Agreement) and the provisions of this 
Agreement. During the Voting Period, Holder shall not authorize or permit 
any of its Representatives to, directly or indirectly, take any action that 
the Company is prohibited from taking pursuant to Section 5.7 of the Merger 
Agreement.
 
(d)  Proxy Statement. During the Voting Period, Holder agrees to provide to 
Purchaser and its Representatives any information regarding Holder or the 
Shares that is reasonably requested by Purchaser or its Representatives for 
inclusion in the Proxy Statement.
 
(e)  Publicity. Holder shall not issue any press release or otherwise make 
any public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated herein 
without the prior written approval of the Company and Purchaser (not to be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Holder hereby authorizes 
the Company and Purchaser to publish and disclose in any announcement or 
disclosure required by the SEC, the Nasdaq or the Proxy Statement 
(including without limitation all documents and schedules filed with the 
SEC in connection with the foregoing), Holder’s identity and ownership of 
the Shares and the nature of Holder’s commitments and agreements under this 
Agreement, the Merger Agreement, the Letter of Transmittal, the Transmittal 
Documents, and any other Ancillary Documents.
 
4.  Representations and Warranties of Holder. Holder hereby represents and 
warrants to Purchaser as follows:
 
(a)  Binding Agreement. Holder (i) if a natural person, is of legal age to 
execute this Agreement and is legally competent to do so and (ii) if not a 
natural person, is (A) a corporation, limited liability company, company or 
partnership duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its organization and (B) has all necessary power and 
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations 
hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. If Holder 
is not a natural person, the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the 
performance of its obligations hereunder and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby by Holder has been duly authorized by all 
necessary corporate, limited liability or partnership action on the part of 
Holder, as applicable. This Agreement, assuming due authorization, 
execution and delivery hereof by the other parties hereto, constitutes a 
legal, valid and binding obligation of Holder, enforceable against Holder 
in accordance with its terms (except as such enforceability may be limited 
by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium 
and other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting 
creditor’s rights, and to general equitable principles). Holder understands 
and acknowledges that Purchaser is entering into the Merger Agreement in 
reliance upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Holder.
 
(b)  Ownership of Shares. As of the date hereof, Holder has beneficial 
ownership over the type and number of the Shares set forth under Holder’s 
name on the signature page hereto, is the lawful owner of such Shares, has 
the sole power to vote or cause to be voted such Shares, and has good and 
valid title to such Shares, free and clear of any and all pledges, 
mortgages, encumbrances, charges, proxies, voting agreements, liens, 
adverse claims, options, security interests and demands of any nature or 
kind whatsoever, other than those imposed by this Agreement, applicable 
securities Laws or the Company’s Organizational Documents, as in effect on 
the date hereof. There are no claims for finder’s fees or brokerage 
commission or other like payments in connection with this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby payable by Holder pursuant to arrangements 
made by such Holder. Except for the Shares set forth under Holder’s name on 
the signature page hereto, as of the date of this Agreement, Holder is not 
a beneficial owner or recordholder of any: (i) equity securities of the 
Company, (ii) securities of the Company having the right to vote on any 
matters on which the holders of equity securities of the Company may vote 
or which are convertible into or exchangeable for, at any time, equity 
securities of the Company, or (iii) options or other rights to acquire from 
the Company any equity securities or securities convertible into or 
exchangeable for equity securities of the Company.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
(c)  No Conflicts. No filing with, or notification to, any Governmental 
Authority, and no consent, approval, authorization or permit of any other 
person is necessary for the execution of this Agreement by Holder, the 
performance of its obligations hereunder or the consummation by it of the 
transactions contemplated hereby. None of the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement by Holder, the performance of its obligations hereunder or 
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby shall (i) 
conflict with or result in any breach of the Organizational Documents of 
Holder, if applicable, (ii) result in, or give rise to, a violation or 
breach of or a default under any of the terms of any Contract or obligation 
to which Holder is a party or by which Holder or any of the Shares or its 
other assets may be bound, or (iii) violate any applicable Law or Order, 
except for any of the foregoing in clauses (i) through (iii) as would not 
reasonably be expected to impair Holder’s ability to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement in any material respect.
 
(d)  No Inconsistent Agreements. Holder hereby covenants and agrees that 
Holder (i) has not entered into, nor will enter into at any time while this 
Agreement remains in effect, any voting agreement or voting trust with 
respect to the Shares inconsistent with Holder’s obligations pursuant to 
this Agreement, (ii) has not granted, nor will grant at any time while this 
Agreement remains in effect, a proxy, a consent or power of attorney with 
respect to the Shares and (iii) has not entered into any agreement or 
knowingly taken any action (nor will enter into any agreement or knowingly 
take any action) that would make any representation or warranty of Holder 
contained herein untrue or incorrect in any material respect or have the 
effect of preventing Holder from performing any of its material obligations 
under this Agreement.
 
5.  Miscellaneous.
 
(a)  Termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, this Agreement shall automatically terminate, and none of 
Purchaser, the Company or Holder shall have any rights or obligations 
hereunder, upon the earliest to occur of (i) the mutual written consent of 
Purchaser, the Company and Holder, (ii) the Closing Date (following the 
performance of the obligations of the parties hereunder required to be 
performed on the Closing Date), (iii) the date of termination of the Merger 
Agreement in accordance with its terms, (iv) July 20, 2017 and (v) any 
Other Voting Agreement is terminated without the consent of Holder (such 
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). The 
termination of this Agreement shall not prevent any party hereunder from 
seeking any remedies (at law or in equity) against another party hereto or 
relieve such party from liability for such party’s breach of any terms of 
this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the 
provisions of Section 5(a) shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

 
(b)  Binding Effect; Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions 
hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto 
and their respective permitted successors and assigns. This Agreement and 
all obligations of the Holder are personal to the Holder and may not be 
transferred or delegated by the Holder at any time. Purchaser may freely 
assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, 
to any successor entity (whether by merger, consolidation, equity sale, 
asset sale or otherwise) without obtaining the consent or approval of the 
Holder.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
(c)  Third Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any 
instrument or document executed by any party in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby shall create any rights in, or be deemed 
to have been executed for the benefit of, any person that is not a party 
hereto or thereto or a successor or permitted assign of such a party.
 
(d)  Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any dispute or 
controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, 
without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. All Actions 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined 
exclusively in any state or federal court located in New York, New York (or 
in any court in which appeal from such courts may be taken) (the “
Specified Courts”). Each party hereto hereby (i) submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of any Specified Court for the purpose of any Action arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement brought by any party hereto and (ii) 
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or 
otherwise, in any such Action, any claim that it is not subject personally 
to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt 
or immune from attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an 
inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or 
by any Specified Court. Each party agrees that a final judgment in any 
Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by 
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Each party 
irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any 
other process in any other action or proceeding relating to the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its 
property, by personal delivery of copies of such process to such party at 
the applicable address set forth or referred to in Section 5(g). Nothing in 
this Section 5(d) shall affect the right of any party to serve legal 
process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.
 
(e)  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL 
BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, 
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED 
HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (i) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER 
PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD 
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT FOREGOING WAIVER AND 
(ii) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO 
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND 
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 5(e).
 
(f)  Interpretation. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are 
for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or 
interpreting this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless the context 
otherwise requires: (i) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include 
the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular 
form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; 
(ii) the words “herein,” “hereto,” and “hereby” and other words of similar 
import in this Agreement shall be deemed in each case to refer to this 
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section or other subdivision 
of this Agreement; and (iii) the term “or” means “and/or”. The parties have 
participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. 
Consequently, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or 
interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted 
jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall 
arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any 
provision of this Agreement.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
(g)  Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given 
when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by facsimile or other electronic means, 
with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one Business Day after 
being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier 
service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being mailed, if sent by 
registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in 
each case to the applicable party at the following addresses (or at such 
other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):
 
 
If to Purchaser, to:
 
Pacific Special Acquisition Corp.
855 Pudong South Road
The World Plaza, 27th Floor
Pudong, Shanghai, China
Attn: Yaqi Feng
Facsimile No.: +86-21-8012-9882
Telephone No: +86-21-8012-9878
Email: sophie917@163.com and fengyq@tpyzq.com
 
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10105
Attention: Douglas Ellenoff, Esq.
                    Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.
Facsimile No.: (212) 370-7889
Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300
Email: ellenoff@egsllp.com
            sneuhauser@egsllp.com
 
 
If to Company, to:
 
Borqs International Holding Corp
Tower A, Building B23
Universal Business Park
No. 10 Jiuxiangqiao Road
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100015, China
Attn: Pat Chan, CEO
Facsimile No.: 86-10-5975-6363
Telephone No: 86-10-5975-6336
Email: pat.chan@borqs.com
 
 
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):  
 
Fenwick & West LLP
801 California Street
Mountain View, CA 94041
Attention: Eva Wang
Facsimile No.: (650) 335-7878
Telephone No.: (650) 988-8500
Email: ewang@fenwick.com
 
If to the Holder, to: the address set forth under Holder’s name on the 
signature page hereto, with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to, 
if not the party sending the notice, each of the Company and Purchaser (and 
each of their copies for notices hereunder).
 
 
(h)  Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and 
the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either 
generally or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or 
prospectively) only with the written consent of Purchaser, the Company and 
the Holder. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No waivers of or exceptions to 
any term, condition, or provision of this Agreement, in any one or more 
instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing 
waiver of any such term, condition, or provision.
 
(i)  Severability. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in a jurisdiction, such provision shall 
be modified or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved, only to the extent 
necessary to render the same valid, legal and enforceable, and the 
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof 
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby nor shall the 
validity, legality or enforceability of such provision be affected thereby 
in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other 
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties 
will substitute for any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision a 
suitable and equitable provision that carries out, so far as may be valid, 
legal and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable provision.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
(j)  Specific Performance. Holder acknowledges that its obligations under 
this Agreement are unique, recognizes and affirms that in the event of a 
breach of this Agreement by the Holder, money damages may be inadequate and 
Purchaser may have not adequate remedy at law, and agree that irreparable 
damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this 
Agreement were not performed by the Holder in accordance with their 
specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, Purchaser shall be 
entitled to seek an injunction or restraining order to prevent breaches of 
this Agreement by the Holder and to seek to enforce specifically the terms 
and provisions hereof, without the requirement to post any bond or other 
security or to prove that money damages would be inadequate, this being in 
addition to any other right or remedy to which such party may be entitled 
under this Agreement, at law or in equity.
 
(k)  Expenses. Each party shall be responsible for its own fees and 
expenses (including without limitation the fees and expenses of investment 
bankers, accountants and counsel) in connection with the entering into of 
this Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that in the 
event of any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the 
non-prevailing party in any such Action will pay its own expenses and the 
reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses, including without limitation 
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, reasonably incurred by the prevailing 
party.
 
(l)  No Partnership, Agency or Joint Venture. This Agreement is intended to 
create a contractual relationship between Holder and the Company, on the 
one hand, and Purchaser, on the other hand, and is not intended to create, 
and does not create, any agency, partnership, joint venture or any like 
relationship among the parties hereto or among any other Company 
shareholders entering into voting agreements with Purchaser. Holder is not 
affiliated with any other holder of Company Shares entering into a voting 
agreement with Purchaser in connection with the Merger Agreement and has 
acted independently regarding its decision to enter into this Agreement and 
regarding its investment in the Company. Nothing contained in this 
Agreement shall be deemed to vest in Purchaser any direct or indirect 
ownership or incidence of ownership of or with respect to any Shares.
 
(m)  Further Assurances. From time to time, at another party’s request and 
without further consideration, each party shall execute and deliver such 
additional documents and take all such further action as may be reasonably 
necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.
 
(n)  Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the Merger Agreement 
to the extent referred to herein) constitutes the full and entire 
understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the 
subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled; 
provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not affect 
the rights and obligations of the parties under the Merger Agreement or any 
Ancillary Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this 
Agreement shall limit any of the rights or remedies of Purchaser or any of 
the obligations of the Holder under any other agreement between the Holder 
and Purchaser or any certificate or instrument executed by the Holder in 
favor of Purchaser, and nothing in any other agreement, certificate or 
instrument shall limit any of the rights or remedies of Purchaser or any of 
the obligations of the Holder under this Agreement.
 
(o)  Counterparts; Facsimile. This Agreement may also be executed and 
delivered by facsimile or electronic signature or by email in portable 
document format in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed 
an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument.
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]
  

  	8 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Voting Agreement as of 
the date first written above.
 
Purchaser: 	 
  	 
Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	               	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
 
The Company: 	 
  	 
Borqs International Holding Corp. 	 
  	 
By: 	               	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
 
The Holder: 	 
  	 
Name of Holder: [_____________________________________________________] 	
 
By: 	 	 
Name: 	 	
Title: 	  	 
  
Number and Type of Company Shares:
 
______________________________________
 
______________________________________
 
______________________________________
 
Address for Notice:
 
Address:
Facsimile No.: ___________________________________________
Telephone No.: __________________________________________
Email: _________________________________________________:
 
 
 
 
{Signature Page to Voting Agreement]
 
 
 
 