 EX-10.1 2 mrt-ex101_8.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 10, 2017

by and among

MEDEQUITIES REALTY
OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP,

as THE Borrower,

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

THE OTHER LENDERS WHICH ARE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT

AND

OTHER LENDERS THAT MAY BECOME

PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT,

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

AS THE AGENT,

AND

KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS, INC.,

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

AND

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS, INC.

AS CO-LEAD ARRANGERS AND BOOK RUNNERS,

AND

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

AND

CITIBANK, N.A.

AS CO-SYNDICATION AGENTS,

AND

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

AS DOCUMENTATION AGENT

 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED Credit Agreement


THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is 
made as of February 10, 2017, by and among MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING 
PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “Borrower”), KEYBANK 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“KeyBank”), the other lending institutions which are 
parties to this Agreement as “Lenders”, and the other lending institutions 
that may become parties hereto as “Lenders” pursuant to §18, KEYBANK 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Agent for the Lenders (the “Agent”), and KEYBANC 
CAPITAL MARKETS, INC., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS, INC. as Co-Lead Arrangers and Book Runners.

R E C I T A L S

WHEREAS, the Borrower, KeyBank, the Agent and the Lenders have entered into 
that certain First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 
30, 2015, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement 
and Other Loan Documents dated as of May 17, 2016, and as further amended 
by that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of September 
9, 2016 (as so amended, the “Original Credit Agreement”); and

WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement to amend and 
restate the Original Credit Agreement in its entirety;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals herein and mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto hereby amend 
and restate the Original Credit Agreement and covenant and agree as 
follows:

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

.

Definitions

.  The following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this §l or 
elsewhere in the provisions of this Agreement referred to below:

ACH.  An acute care hospital that is not an STACH.

Acknowledgments.  The Acknowledgments executed by a Guarantor in favor of 
the Agent, acknowledging the pledge of Equity Interests in such Guarantor 
to the Agent, such Acknowledgments to be in form and substance satisfactory 
to the Agent, as the same may be modified, amended or restated.

Acquisition Closing Costs.  The actual deal costs incurred by REIT and its 
Subsidiaries in connection with acquisitions of Real Estate determined in 
accordance with GAAP.

Additional Commitment Request Notice.  See §2.11(a).

Additional Guarantor.  Each additional Subsidiary of the Borrower which 
becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to §5.5.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Adjusted Net Operating Income.  On any date of determination with respect 
to any period, an amount equal to the sum of:

(a)with respect to Newly-Built Properties that are included in the 
calculation of Borrowing Base Availability, the Net Operating Income from 
such Borrowing Base Properties for the trailing twelve (12) month period; 
plus

(b)with respect to Stabilized Properties that are MOBs (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, those with Major Tenants) that are included in the 
calculation of Borrowing Base Availability, the Net Operating Income from 
such Borrowing Base Properties for the trailing twelve (12) month period; 
plus

(c)with respect to EBITDAR Stabilized Properties (other than MOBs and SNFs) 
that are included in the calculation of Borrowing Base Availability, the 
lesser of:

(i) the Net Operating Income from such Borrowing Base Properties for the 
trailing twelve (12) month period, and

(ii)the amount that would result from dividing (A) an amount equal to (X) 
the trailing twelve (12) month Tenant EBITDAR for such Borrowing Base 
Property less (Y) the Capital Reserves relating to the applicable Borrowing 
Base Property for such period, by (B) 1.40; plus

(d)with respect to EBITDAR Stabilized Properties that are SNFs that are 
included in the calculation of Borrowing Base Availability, the lesser of:

(i)the Net Operating Income from such Borrowing Base Properties for the 
trailing twelve (12) month period, and

(ii)the amount that would result from dividing (A) an amount equal to (X) 
the trailing twelve (12) month Tenant EBITDAR for such Borrowing Base 
Property less (Y) the Capital Reserves relating to the applicable Borrowing 
Base Property for such period, by (B) 1.20.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to the Texas Ten Portfolio 
only, if all of the properties in the Texas Ten Portfolio are leased to a 
single tenant pursuant to a master lease which is cross-defaulted, and all 
of the properties subject to the master lease are Borrowing Base 
Properties, then for the purposes of calculating the ratio in clause 
(d)(ii) with respect to the Texas Ten Portfolio, all of such Borrowing Base 
Assets subject to such master lease shall be included in calculating such 
ratio (provided further that the financial and operating reports with 
respect to such properties shall be provided to Agent on an individual and 
aggregate basis).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the calculation 
pursuant to clauses (c) and (d) above for assets that were previously 
considered Newly-Built Properties, the calculation of Tenant EBITDAR will 
initially be based on annualized trailing six (6) month Tenant EBITDAR at 
the applicable property for the first quarter after inclusion as an EBITDAR 
Stabilized Property, annualized trailing nine (9) month Tenant EBITDAR at 
the property for the second quarter after inclusion as an EBITDAR 
Stabilized Property, and twelve (12) month trailing Tenant EBITDAR

2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
at the property for all subsequent periods.  The calculation of Adjusted 
Net Operating Income shall exclude any property that is no longer a 
Borrowing Base Property.  

Affected Lender.  See §4.14.

Affiliate.  An Affiliate, as applied to any Person, shall mean any other 
Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common 
control with, that Person.  For purposes of this definition, “control” 
(including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlling”, “controlled 
by” and “under common control with”), as applied to any Person, means (a) 
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote ten percent 
(10%) or more of the stock, shares, voting trust certificates, beneficial 
interest, partnership interests, member interests or other interests having 
voting power for the election of directors of such Person or otherwise to 
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that 
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract 
or otherwise, or (b) the ownership of (i) a general partnership interest, 
(ii) a managing member’s or manager’s interest in a limited liability 
company or (iii) a limited partnership interest or preferred stock (or 
other ownership interest) representing ten percent (10%) or more of the 
outstanding limited partnership interests, preferred stock or other 
ownership interests of such Person.

Agent.  KeyBank National Association, acting as administrative agent for 
the Lenders, and its successors and assigns.

Agent’s Head Office.  The Agent’s head office located at 127 Public Square, 
Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1306, or at such other location as the Agent may 
designate from time to time by notice to the Borrower and the Lenders.

Agent’s Special Counsel.  Dentons US LLP or such other counsel as selected 
by the Agent.

Aggregate Occupancy Rate.  On any date of determination, for any Borrowing 
Base Property, the quotient of (a) the aggregate rentable area for such 
Borrowing Base Property subject to Leases (based on Net Rentable Area) or 
if there is no Lease, subject to a management agreement (based on beds, 
rooms or such other measure as Agent may reasonably determine) as to which 
(i) tenants or occupants are in occupancy of all of their respective leased 
premises (or beds, rooms or other measure reasonably determined by Agent, 
as applicable), (ii) tenants or occupants are not in default of any of 
their payment or other material obligations under their respective Lease or 
other occupancy agreement, which default has continued for more than thirty 
(30) days, (iii) are an arm’s length Lease or occupancy agreement entered 
into in the ordinary course of business with a party that is not an 
Affiliate of the REIT or the Advisor, and (iv) tenants, other occupants or 
any guarantor thereunder are not subject to any bankruptcy, reorganization, 
arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution, liquidation or 
similar debtor relief proceeding, divided by (b) aggregate rentable area 
for such Borrowing Base Property (based on Net Rentable Area) if subject to 
a Lease (based on Net Rentable Area) or if there is no Lease, based on 
beds, rooms or such other measure as Agent may reasonably determine.  The 
occupancy rate for each Borrowing Base Property (expressed as a percentage) 
shall be aggregated, with each Borrowing Base Property being weighted based 
on its Appraised Value, to determine the Aggregate Occupancy Rate, 
expressed as a percentage.

3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Agreement.  This Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, including 
the Schedules and Exhibits hereto.

Agreement Regarding Fees.  See §4.2.

Applicable Law.  All applicable provisions of constitutions, statutes, 
rules, regulations and orders of all governmental bodies and all orders and 
decrees of all courts, tribunals and arbitrators.

Applicable Margin.  (a) The Applicable Margin for LIBOR Rate Loans and Base 
Rate Loans shall be as set forth below based on the ratio of the 
Consolidated Total Indebtedness to the Gross Asset Value:

Pricing Level

Ratio

LIBOR Rate Loans

Base Rate Loans

Pricing Level 1

Less than 35%

1.75%

0.75%

Pricing Level 2

Equal to or greater than 35% but less than 45%

2.00%

1.00%

Pricing Level 3

Equal to or greater than 45% but less than 55%

2.25%

1.25%

Pricing Level 4

Equal to or greater than 55% but less than 60%

2.50%

1.50%

Pricing Level 5

Equal to or greater than 60%

3.00%

2.00%

 
The initial Applicable Margin shall be at Pricing Level 1.  The Applicable 
Margin shall not be adjusted based upon such ratio, if at all, until the 
first day of the first month following the delivery by the Borrower to the 
Agent of the Compliance Certificate after the end of a calendar quarter.  
In the event that the Borrower shall fail to deliver to the Agent a 
quarterly Compliance Certificate on or before the date required by §7.4(c), 
then, without limiting any other rights of the Agent and the Lenders under 
this Agreement, the Applicable Margin shall be at Pricing Level 5 until 
such failure is cured within any applicable cure period, or waived in 
writing by the Required Lenders, in which event the Applicable Margin shall 
adjust, if necessary, on the first day of the first month following receipt 
of such Compliance Certificate.

(b)

In the event that the Agent, REIT or the Borrower reasonably determines 
that any financial statements previously delivered were incorrect or 
inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement, the Original Credit 
Agreement or the Commitments are in effect when such inaccuracy is 
discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the 
application of a higher Applicable Margin for any period (an “Applicable 
Period”) than the Applicable Margin applied for such Applicable Period, 
then (a) the Borrower shall as soon as practicable deliver to the Agent the 
corrected financial statements for such Applicable Period, (b) the 
Applicable Margin shall be determined as if the Pricing Level for such 
higher Applicable

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Margin were applicable for such Applicable Period, and (c) the Borrower 
shall within three (3) Business Days of written demand thereof by the Agent 
pay to the Agent the accrued additional amount owing as a result of such 
increased Applicable Margin for such Applicable Period, which payment shall 
be applied by the Agent in accordance with this Agreement.

Appraisal.  An MAI appraisal of the value of a parcel of Real Estate, 
determined on an “as-is” value basis, performed by an independent appraiser 
selected by the Agent who is not an employee of REIT, the Borrower, any of 
their respective Subsidiaries, the Agent or a Lender, the form and 
substance of such appraisal and the identity of the appraiser to be in 
compliance with the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement 
Act of 1989, as amended, the rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto 
and all other regulatory laws and policies (both regulatory and internal) 
applicable to the Lenders and otherwise acceptable to the Agent.

Appraised Value.  The “as-is” value of a parcel of Real Estate determined 
by the most recent Appraisal of such Real Estate obtained pursuant to this 
Agreement (which may be determined on a leased fee or fee simple basis as 
determined by Agent in its sole discretion); subject, however, to such 
changes or adjustments to the value determined thereby as may be required 
by the appraisal department of the Agent in its good faith business 
judgment.

Arranger.  KBCM, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Citigroup Global Markets, 
Inc., or any successor of any of them.

Assignment and Acceptance Agreement.  See §18.1.

Assignment of Documents.  Collectively, each Collateral Assignment of 
Documents executed by the Borrower and/or a Subsidiary Guarantor, 
respectively, in favor of the Agent, such assignments delivered on or after 
the date of this Agreement to be in the form of Exhibit J attached hereto 
with such changes as Agent may reasonably require as a result of state law 
or factors relating to the applicable Borrowing Base Loan.

Assignment of Hedge.  An Assignment of Hedge Agreement by the Borrower to 
the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, as the same may be modified and 
amended, pursuant to which the Interest Hedge described in §7.23 is pledged 
as security for the Obligations and the Hedge Obligations, and any 
financing statements that may be delivered in connection therewith, such 
assignment to be in the form of Exhibit M attached hereto, with such 
changes thereto as Agent may reasonably require after reviewing the 
Interest Hedge.

Assignment of Interests.  Collectively, each of the Assignments of 
Interests executed by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor in favor of 
the Agent, each such agreement to be substantially in the form of the 
Assignment of Interests delivered by Borrower to the Agent on the Closing 
Date.

ASC.  Ambulatory surgery center.

Authorized Officer.  Any of the following Persons:  John McRoberts, Chief 
Executive Officer, and Jeff Walraven, Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer, and such other Persons as the Borrower shall designate 
in a written notice to the Agent.

5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Bail-In Action.  The exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by 
the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an 
EEA Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation.  With respect to any EEA Member Country implementing 
Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member 
Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation 
Schedule.

Balance Sheet Date.  September 30, 2016.

Bankruptcy Code.  Title 11, U.S.C.A., as amended from time to time or any 
successor statute thereto.

Base Rate.  The greater of (a) the fluctuating annual rate of interest 
announced from time to time by the Agent at the Agent’s Head Office as its 
“prime rate”, (b) one half of one percent (0.5%) above the Federal Funds 
Effective Rate, and (c) LIBOR for an Interest Period of one (1) month plus 
one percent (1.0%).  The Base Rate is a reference rate used by the lender 
acting as Agent in determining interest rates on certain loans and is not 
intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by the lender acting as 
the Agent or any other lender on any extension of credit to any debtor.  
Any change in the rate of interest payable hereunder resulting from a 
change in the Base Rate shall become effective as of 12:01 a.m. on the 
Business Day on which such change in the Base Rate becomes effective, 
without notice or demand of any kind.

Base Rate Loans.  Collectively, (a) the Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans 
A and Term Loans B bearing interest calculated by reference to the Base 
Rate and (b) the Swing Loans.

Borrower.  As defined in the preamble hereto.

Borrowing Base Assets.  Collectively, (a) the Borrowing Base Properties and 
(b) the Borrowing Base Loans.  The initial Borrowing Base Properties (the 
“Initial Borrowing Base Properties”) and the initial Borrowing Base Loans 
(the “Initial Borrowing Base Loans”) are identified on Schedule 1.2 
attached hereto, and are hereby approved by the Agent and the Lenders.

Borrowing Base Availability.  The sum of:

(a)

for Borrowing Base Properties included in the calculation of Borrowing Base 
Availability that are SNFs and MOBs, the lower of:

(i)

for each such Borrowing Base Property, (A) the lowest of the Appraised 
Value of such Borrowing Base Property and the Borrowing Base Property Cost 
of such Borrowing Base Property, multiplied by (B) 0.60; and the aggregate 
amount pursuant to this clause (a)(i) shall be the sum of such amounts 
determined for each such Borrowing Base Property; and

(ii)

the maximum principal amount of Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities that 
would not cause the Implied Debt Service Coverage Ratio (with the Net

6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Operating Income component of such ratio calculated with respect to SNFs 
and MOBs only) to be less than 1.50 to 1.00;

plus
(b)

for Borrowing Base Properties included in the calculation of Borrowing Base 
Availability that are not SNFs and MOBs, the lower of:

(i)

for each such Borrowing Base Property, (A) the lower of the Appraised Value 
of such Borrowing Base Property and the Borrowing Base Property Cost of 
each such Borrowing Base Property, multiplied by (B) 0.50; and the 
aggregate amount pursuant to this clause (b)(i) shall be the sum of such 
amounts determined for each such Borrowing Base Property, and

(ii)

the maximum principal amount of Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities that 
would not cause the Implied Debt Service Coverage Ratio (with the Net 
Operating Income component of such ratio calculated with respect to 
Borrowing Base Properties that are not SNFs or MOBs only) to be less than 
1.75 to 1.00;

plus
(c)

the aggregate Borrowing Base Mortgage Loan Amount as determined for each 
Borrowing Base Loan multiplied by 0.35.

Borrowing Base Certificate.  See §7.4(c).

Borrowing Base Loan.  Each of the loans which has been approved by the 
Agent and, prior to the Release of Security Date, the Borrowing Base 
Majority Lenders for inclusion in the calculation of Borrowing Base 
Availability in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and which is 
secured by a first priority mortgage loan on a Medical Property which 
constitutes Eligible Real Estate and satisfies the conditions of §7.20, and 
which such mortgage loans are made pursuant to loan documents reasonably 
approved by Agent, and provided that the Release of Security Date has not 
occurred, is pledged to Agent as Collateral pursuant to the Assignment of 
Documents.

Borrowing Base Loan Documents.  Originals of all documents, instruments, 
agreements, assignments and certificates, including without limitation, any 
and all loan or credit agreements, notes, allonges or endorsements, 
mortgages, assignments of leases and rents, security agreements, pledge 
agreements, assignments of contracts, environmental indemnities, 
guaranties, mortgagee’s title insurance policies, opinions of counsel, 
evidences of authorization or incumbency, escrow instructions and UCC-1 
financing statements, that are or may be executed (and acknowledged where 
applicable) and recorded and filed by a Collateral Borrower in connection 
with a Borrowing Base Loan, as the same may be amended or otherwise 
modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement.  Borrowing 
Base Loan Documents shall also include all agreements, permits, assurances 
and other instruments (such as permits and approvals) that may be delivered 
to Borrower by the Collateral Borrower pursuant to the Borrowing Base Loan 
Documents.

Borrowing Base Majority Lenders.  As of any date, the Lender or Lenders 
whose aggregate Commitment Percentage is equal to or greater than sixty 
percent (60.0%) of the Total

7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Commitment; provided that in determining said percentage at any given time, 
all then existing Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded and 
the Commitment Percentages of the Lenders shall be redetermined for voting 
purposes only to exclude the Commitment Percentages of such Defaulting 
Lenders.

Borrowing Base Mortgage Loan Amount.  With respect to any Borrowing Base 
Asset which is a Borrowing Base Loan, the lesser of (a) the Borrower’s or a 
Subsidiary Guarantor’s purchase price for any Borrowing Base Loan and (b) 
the outstanding principal balance of the Borrowing Base Loan.

Borrowing Base Property Cost.  With respect to any Borrowing Base 
Properties that are included in the calculation of Borrowing Base 
Availability, the Borrowing Base Property Cost shall be an amount equal to 
the sum of the total cost of the applicable Borrowing Base Property 
determined in accordance with GAAP.

Borrowing Base Property or Borrowing Base Properties.  At the time of 
determination, the Eligible Real Estate owned or leased pursuant to a 
Ground Lease approved by the Agent, by a Subsidiary Guarantor and which 
satisfies the provisions of this Agreement to be included in the 
calculation of Borrowing Base Availability and has been included in the 
calculation of Borrowing Base Availability, and provided that the Release 
of Security Date has not occurred, all of the Equity Interests in such 
Subsidiary Guarantor with respect to such Eligible Real Estate have been 
pledged to the Agent pursuant to the Assignment of Interests.

Borrowing Base Value.  For each Borrowing Base Property, the lower of the 
Appraised Value of such Borrowing Base Property and the Borrowing Base 
Property Cost of each such Borrowing Base Property, and the Borrowing Base 
Value for all Borrowing Base Properties shall be the aggregate of the 
amount determined as provided above for each Borrowing Base Property; 
provided that in the event that the Lakeway Asset shall satisfy all of the 
conditions to be a Borrowing Base Property (which shall include, without 
limitation, the satisfaction and release of the Lakeway Loan) and shall be 
a Borrowing Base Property, then the Borrowing Base Value for the Lakeway 
Asset only shall be the Appraised Value of such Property.

Breakage Costs.  The cost to any Lender of re-employing funds bearing 
interest at LIBOR incurred (or reasonably expected to be incurred) in 
connection with (a) any payment of any portion of the Loans bearing 
interest at LIBOR prior to the termination of any applicable Interest 
Period, (b) the conversion of a LIBOR Rate Loan to any other applicable 
interest rate on a date other than the last day of the relevant Interest 
Period, or (c) the failure of the Borrower to draw down, on the first day 
of the applicable Interest Period, any amount as to which the Borrower has 
elected a LIBOR Rate Loan.

Building.  With respect to each Borrowing Base Asset or other parcel of 
Real Estate, all of the buildings, structures and improvements now or 
hereafter located thereon.

Business Day.  Any day on which banking institutions located in the same 
city and State as the Agent’s Head Office are located are open for the 
transaction of banking business and, in the case of LIBOR Rate Loans, which 
also is a LIBOR Business Day.

8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Capital Reserve.  For any period, an amount equal to (a) the sum of (i) 
$500 per bed for SNFs, plus (ii) $1,500 per bed for STACHs, IRHs, LTACs and 
ACHs, plus (iii) $0.50 multiplied by the Net Rentable Areas of the MOBs, 
plus (iv) $0.75 multiplied by the Net Rentable Area of ASCs, LPCs, IMFs, 
and STDCs, multiplied by (b) the number of days in such period divided by 
three hundred sixty-five (365), less any reserve amounts received by the 
Borrower from tenants in accordance with the terms of their Lease.

Capitalized Lease.  A lease under which the discounted future rental 
payment obligations of the lessee or the obligor are required to be 
capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP.

Cash Equivalents.  As of any date, (a) securities issued or directly and 
fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government or any agency 
or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than one year from 
such date, (b) time deposits and certificates of deposits having maturities 
of not more than one (1) year from such date and issued by (i) any Lender 
or (ii) any other domestic commercial bank having (i) senior long term 
unsecured debt rated at least A or the equivalent thereof by S&P or A2 or 
the equivalent thereof by Moody’s and (ii) capital and surplus in excess of 
$100,000,000.00, (c) commercial paper rated at least A‑1 or the equivalent 
thereof by S&P or P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody’s and in either 
case maturing within one hundred twenty (120) days from such date, and (d) 
shares of any money market mutual fund rated at least AAA or the equivalent 
thereof by S&P or at least Aaa or the equivalent thereof by Moody’s.

CERCLA.  The federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, 
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended from time to time, and regulations 
promulgated thereunder.

Change of Control.  A Change of Control shall exist upon the occurrence of 
any of the following:

(a)any Person (including a Person’s Affiliates and associates) or group (as 
that term is understood under Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and the rules and regulations 
thereunder) shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of 
Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of a percentage (based on voting power, 
in the event different classes of stock or interests shall have different 
voting powers) of the voting stock or voting interests of REIT equal to at 
least twenty-five percent (25%);

(b) as of any date a majority of the Board of Directors or Trustees or 
similar body (the “Board”) of REIT, General Partner or the Borrower 
consists of individuals who were not either (i) directors or trustees of 
REIT, General Partner or the Borrower as of the corresponding date of the 
previous year, or (ii) selected or nominated to become directors or 
trustees by the Board of REIT, General Partner or the Borrower of which a 
majority consisted of individuals described in clause (i) above, or (iii) 
selected or nominated to become directors or trustees by the Board of REIT, 
General Partner or the Borrower, which majority consisted of individuals 
described in clause (i) above and individuals described in clause (ii) 
above;

9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)REIT, General Partner or the Borrower consolidates with, is acquired by, 
or merges into or with any Person (other than a merger permitted by §8.4);

(d)General Partner fails to (i) be the sole general partner of Borrower, 
(ii) own, directly or indirectly, free of any lien, encumbrance or other 
adverse claim, at least eighty-five percent (85%) of the economic, voting 
and beneficial interest of the Borrower, or (iii) control the Borrower;

(e)the Borrower fails to own, directly or indirectly, free of any lien, 
encumbrance or other adverse claim (other than the Lien of the Agent 
granted pursuant to the Loan Documents), at least one hundred percent 
(100%) of the economic, voting and beneficial interest of each Subsidiary 
Guarantor;

(f)the REIT fails to (i) own directly, free of any lien, encumbrance or 
other adverse claim, at least one hundred percent (100%) of the economic, 
voting and beneficial interest of General Partner or (ii) control the 
General Partner; or

(g)any two (2) of John W. McRoberts, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, 
William C. Harlan, President, or Jeffery C. Walraven, Chief Financial 
Officer shall cease to be an executive officer of the REIT holding the 
position described above and a competent and experienced officer shall not 
be approved by the Required Lenders within ninety (90) days of such event, 
which approval the Required Lenders shall not unreasonably withhold, 
condition or delay.

Closing Date.  The date of this Agreement.

CMS.  The U.S.  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.

Code.  The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and all regulations 
and formal guidance issued thereunder.

Collateral.  All of the property, rights and interests of the Borrower and 
its Subsidiaries which are subject to the security interests, security 
title and liens created by the Security Documents.

Collateral Account.  A special deposit account established by the Agent 
pursuant to §12.6 and under its sole dominion and control.

Collateral Borrower.  The borrower of a Borrowing Base Loan approved by 
Agent.

Commitment.  With respect to each Lender, the aggregate of (a) the 
Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender, (b) the Term Loan A Commitment 
of such Lender and (c) the Term Loan B Commitment of such Lender.

Commitment Increase.  See §2.11(a).

Commitment Increase Date.  See §2.11(a).

10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Commitment Percentage.  With respect to each Lender, the percentage set 
forth on Schedule 1.1 hereto as such Lender’s percentage of the Total 
Commitment, as the same may be changed from time to time in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement; provided that if all or any of the Commitments 
of the Lenders have been terminated as provided in this Agreement, then the 
Commitment of each Lender shall be determined based on the Commitment 
Percentage of such Lender immediately prior to such termination and after 
giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms 
hereof.

Commodity Exchange Act.  The Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. §1 et seq.), 
as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Communications.  See §7.4.

Compliance Certificate.  See §7.4(c).

CON.  A certificate of need or similar certificate, license or approval 
issued by the State Regulator for a Borrowing Base Asset.

Condemnation Proceeds.  All compensation, awards, damages, judgments and 
proceeds awarded to the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor by reason of any 
Taking, net of all reasonable and customary amounts actually expended to 
collect the same, including, without limitation, reasonable and customary 
amounts expended in negotiating, litigating, if appropriate, or 
investigating the amount of such compensation, awards, damages, judgments 
and proceeds.

Connection Income Taxes.  Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or 
measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or 
branch profits Taxes.

Consolidated.  With reference to any term defined herein, that term as 
applied to the accounts of a Person and its Subsidiaries, determined on a 
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated EBITDA.  With respect to any period, an amount equal to the 
EBITDA of REIT, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries for such 
period determined on a Consolidated basis plus (without duplication) such 
Person’s Equity Percentage of EBITDA of its Unconsolidated Affiliates and 
Subsidiaries of Borrower that are not Wholly Owned Subsidiaries for such 
period.

Consolidated Fixed Charges.  With respect to any period, the sum of (a) 
Consolidated Interest Expense for such period (both expensed and 
capitalized), plus (b) all of the principal due and payable and principal 
paid with respect to Indebtedness of REIT, the Borrower and their 
respective Subsidiaries during such period, other than any balloon, bullet 
or similar principal payment which repays such Indebtedness in full and any 
voluntary full or partial prepayments prior to stated maturity thereof, 
plus (c) all Preferred Distributions paid during such period, plus (d) the 
principal payment on any Capital Lease Obligations.  Such Person’s Equity 
Percentage in the fixed charges referred to above of its Unconsolidated 
Affiliates and Subsidiaries of Borrower that are not Wholly Owned 
Subsidiaries shall be included  (without duplication) in the determination 
of Consolidated Fixed Charges.

11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Consolidated Interest Expense.  With respect to any period, without 
duplication, (a) total Interest Expense of REIT and its Subsidiaries 
determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP for such period, 
plus (b) such Person’s Equity Percentage of Interest Expense of its 
Unconsolidated Affiliates for such period.

Consolidated Tangible Net Worth.  As of any date of determination, for the 
REIT and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to (a) 
Gross Asset Value minus (b) Consolidated Total Indebtedness.

Consolidated Total Indebtedness.  All Indebtedness of REIT and its 
Subsidiaries determined on a Consolidated basis and shall include (without 
duplication), such Person’s Equity Percentage of the Indebtedness of its 
Unconsolidated Affiliates.

Consolidated Total Unsecured Indebtedness.  On any date of determination, 
all Unsecured Indebtedness of the REIT and its Subsidiaries determined on a 
Consolidated basis and shall include (without duplication) such Person’s 
Equity Percentage of the Unsecured Indebtedness of its Unconsolidated 
Affiliates.

Contractual Obligation.  As to any Person, any provision of any security 
issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking 
to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is 
bound.

Contribution Agreement.  The Second Amended and Restated Contribution 
Agreement dated as of even date herewith among the Borrower, REIT, General 
Partner, TRS, the Subsidiary Guarantors and each Additional Guarantor which 
may hereafter become a party thereto, as the same may be modified, amended 
or ratified from time to time.

Conversion/Continuation Request.  A notice given by the Borrower to the 
Agent of its election to convert or continue a Loan in accordance with 
§4.1.

Default.  See §12.1.

Default Rate.  See §4.11.

Defaulted Loan.  A Borrowing Base Loan with respect to which a default 
(other than a payment default) occurs, under such Borrowing Base Loan or 
related lease that continues unremedied for the applicable grace or cure 
period under the terms of such Borrowing Base Loan or related lease, as 
applicable (or, if no grace period is specified, for thirty (30) days).

Defaulting Lender.  Any Lender that, as reasonably determined by the Agent, 
(a) has failed to perform any of its funding obligations hereunder, 
including in respect of its Loans or participations in respect of Letters 
of Credit or Swing Loans, within two (2) Business Days of the date required 
to be funded by it hereunder and such failure is continuing, unless such 
failure arises out of a good faith dispute between such Lender and either 
the Borrower or the Agent, (b) (i) has notified the Borrower, the Agent or 
any Lender that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations 
hereunder or (ii) has made a public statement to that effect with respect 
to its funding obligations under other agreements generally in which it 
commits to extend credit, unless with respect to this clause (b), such 
failure is subject to a good faith dispute,

12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c) has failed, within two (2) Business Days after request by the Agent, to 
confirm in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Agent that it will 
comply with its funding obligations; provided that, notwithstanding the 
provisions of §2.13, such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender upon 
the Agent’s receipt of confirmation that such Defaulting Lender will comply 
with its funding obligations, or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect 
parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, conservatorship, 
assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, receivership, 
rearrangement or similar debtor relief law of the United States or other 
applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect, including any law for 
the appointment of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other 
state or federal regulatory authority as receiver, conservator, trustee, 
administrator or any similar capacity, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, 
trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar 
Person, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other 
state or federal regulatory authority acting in such capacity, charged with 
reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for 
it, (iii) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, 
approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, or (iv) 
become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be 
a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any 
equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company 
thereof by a governmental authority (including any agency, instrumentality, 
regulatory body, central bank or other authority) so long as such ownership 
interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the 
jurisdiction of courts of the United States or from the enforcement of 
judgments or writs of attachment of its assets or permit such Lender (or 
such governmental authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, 
disavow, or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Person).  
Any determination by the Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under 
any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a 
Defaulting Lender (subject to §2.13(g)) upon delivery of written notice of 
such determination to the Borrower and each Lender.

Delinquent Loan.  A Borrowing Base Loan for which (a) any related loan 
payment or tenant lease payment has not been received on or before the date 
on which such payment is due pursuant to the related Borrowing Base Note or 
lease, as applicable, without regard to any grace period; provided, that a 
Delinquent Loan shall remain a Delinquent Loan until the related Collateral 
Borrower or related tenant cures such delinquency and makes two (2) 
successive monthly payments on a timely basis, including any related grace 
period, or (b) any payment due on the scheduled maturity date of such 
Borrowing Base Loan has not been received on or before the date on which 
such payment is due.

Derivatives Contract.  Any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, 
credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, 
commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index 
swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or 
forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, 
interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap 
transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap 
transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot 
contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of 
the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), 
whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master 
agreement.  Not in

13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
limitation of the foregoing, the term “Derivatives Contract” includes any 
and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are 
subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master 
agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other 
master agreement of similar type, including any such obligations or 
liabilities under any such master agreement.

Derivatives Termination Value.  In respect of any one or more Derivatives 
Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable 
netting agreement relating to such Derivatives Contracts, (a) for any date 
on or after the date such Derivatives Contracts have been closed out and 
termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination 
value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a) 
above, the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such 
Derivatives Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or 
other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in 
such Derivatives Contracts (which may include the Agent or any Lender).

Designated Person.  See §6.31.

Development Property.  Any Real Estate owned or acquired by the Borrower or 
its Subsidiaries and on which such Person is pursuing construction of one 
or more buildings for use as a Medical Property and for which construction 
is proceeding to completion without undue delay from permit denial, 
construction delays or otherwise, all pursuant to the ordinary course of 
business of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries; provided that any Real Estate 
will no longer be considered to be a Development Property at the date on 
which all improvements related to the development of such Development 
Property have been substantially completed (excluding tenants improvements) 
and a shell certificate of occupancy or the equivalent has been issued.

Directions.  See §14.14.

Distribution.  Any (a) dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, 
on account of any Equity Interest of REIT or any of its Subsidiaries now or 
hereafter outstanding, except a dividend payable solely in Equity Interests 
of identical class to the holders of that class; (b) redemption, 
conversion, exchange, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase 
or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Equity Interest 
of REIT or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding; and (c) 
payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding 
warrants, options or other rights to acquire any Equity Interests of REIT 
or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding.  Distributions 
from any Subsidiary of the Borrower and from any Unconsolidated Affiliates 
to, directly or indirectly, the Borrower or REIT shall be excluded from 
this definition.

Documentation Agent.  Capital One, National Association, and its successors 
and assigns.

Dollars or $.  Dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America.

14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Domestic Lending Office.  Initially, the office of each Lender designated 
as such on Schedule 1.1 hereto; thereafter, such other office of such 
Lender, if any, located within the United States that will be making or 
maintaining Base Rate Loans.

Drawdown Date.  The date on which any Loan is made or is to be made, and 
the date on which any Loan which is made prior to the Revolving Credit 
Maturity Date, the Term Loan A Maturity Date or the Term Loan B Maturity 
Date, as applicable, is converted in accordance with §4.1.

EBITDA.  With respect to REIT and its Subsidiaries for any period (without 
duplication):  (a) Net Income (or Loss) on a Consolidated basis, in 
accordance with GAAP, exclusive of the following (but only to the extent 
included in determination of such Net Income (Loss)):  (i) depreciation and 
amortization expense; (ii) Interest Expense; (iii) income tax expense; (iv) 
Acquisition Closing Costs and extraordinary or non-recurring gains and 
losses (including, without limitation, gains and losses on the sale of 
assets or forgiveness of debt) and income and expense allocated to minority 
owners; (v) other non-cash items to the extent not actually paid as a cash 
expense; and (vi) non-cash gains and losses on hedging transactions and 
changes in fair value of hedging instruments; plus (b) such Person’s pro 
rata share of EBITDA of its Unconsolidated Affiliates as provided below.  
With respect to Unconsolidated Affiliates and Subsidiaries of Borrower that 
are not Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, EBITDA attributable to such entities 
shall be excluded but EBITDA shall include a Person’s Equity Percentage of 
Net Income (or Loss) from such Unconsolidated Affiliates or such Subsidiary 
of Borrower that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary plus its Equity 
Percentage of (i) depreciation and amortization expense; (ii) Interest 
Expense; (iii) income tax expense; (iv) Acquisition Closing Costs and 
extraordinary or non-recurring gains and losses (including, without 
limitation, gains and losses on the sale of assets or forgiveness of debt) 
and income and expense allocated to minority owners; (v) other non-cash 
items to the extent not actually paid as a cash expense; and (vi) non-cash 
gains and losses on hedging transactions and changes in fair value of 
hedging instruments.

EBITDAR Stabilized Property.  A completed Medical Property on which all 
improvements related to the development of such Real Estate have been 
substantially completed and for which a final certificate of occupancy or 
equivalent has been issued, which is operating as a Medical Property, and 
with respect to which either (a) the Operators (or with respect to MOBs or 
IMFs, the Major Tenants) therein have a ratio of (i) Tenant EBITDAR to (ii) 
Rent due and payable by an Operator or such other Person under any Lease or 
Operators’ Agreement for such Real Estate, calculated for the previous 
twelve (12) calendar months, of not less than 1.00 to 1.00 as of the date 
of acceptance of such Medical Property as a Borrowing Base Property or (b) 
such Medical Property has ceased to be a Newly-Built Property.

EEA Financial Institution. (a) Any credit institution or investment firm 
established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision 
of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member 
Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this 
definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member 
Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or 
(b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its 
parent.

15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EEA Member Country.  Any of the member states of the European Union, 
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority.  Any public administrative authority or any 
person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member 
Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of 
any EEA Financial Institution.

Electronic System.  See §7.4.

Eligible Real Estate.  Real Estate which at all times satisfies the 
following requirements:

 

(a)

which (except with respect to a Borrowing Base Loan) is wholly-owned in fee 
by a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower that is a Subsidiary Guarantor (or 
leased by a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower that is a Subsidiary 
Guarantor under a Ground Lease with at least thirty (30) years remaining on 
its term), and provided that the Release of Security Date has not occurred 
the Equity Interests in such Subsidiary Guarantor have been made subject to 
a first priority, perfected security interest in favor of the Agent 
pursuant to the Assignment of Interests;

 

(b)

which is located within the fifty (50) States of the United States or the 
District of Columbia;  

 

(c)

which is improved by an income-producing Medical Property, as to which all 
improvements related to the development of the Medical Property (other than 
tenant improvements) have been substantially completed and for which a 
certificate of occupancy or equivalent has been issued;

 

(d)

as to which all of the representations set forth in §6 of this Agreement 
and in the other Loan Documents concerning such Borrowing Base Asset are 
true and correct;

 

(e)

which, except for MOBs and IMFs, and if approved by Agent and the Borrowing 
Base Majority Lenders, LPCs, shall have an initial lease term of at least 
ten (10) years remaining (if multi-tenant, then taking into account all 
Leases for such Real Estate, an initial weighted average lease term of at 
least ten (10) years remaining) at the time of inclusion of such Real 
Estate as a Borrowing Base Asset;

 

(f)

which is not subject to any Lien other than the Liens permitted by §8.2(i) 
and (ix) (except with respect to a Borrowing Base Loan, the Lien of the 
Borrowing Base Loan Documents evidencing the Borrowing Base Loan);

 

(g)

as to which (i) such proposed Borrowing Base Asset shall be in compliance 
in all material respects with all applicable Healthcare Laws, (ii) such 
Subsidiary Guarantor or the Operators have all Primary Licenses, Permits 
and other Governmental Approvals necessary to own and operate

16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

such proposed Borrowing Base Asset, and (iii) the Operators of such 
proposed Borrowing Base Asset shall be in material compliance with all 
requirements necessary for participation in any Medicare or Medicaid or 
other Third-Party Payor Programs to the extent they participate in such 
programs.

 

(h)

as to which the Agent has received and approved all Eligible Real Estate 
Qualification Documents required by the Agent, or will receive and approve 
them prior to inclusion of such Real Estate in the calculation of the 
Borrowing Base Availability; and

 

(i)

as to which, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the 
Agent and the Borrowing Base Majority Lenders have approved for inclusion 
in the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability; provided that so 
long as such Real Estate is Eligible Real Estate pursuant to clauses (a) 
through (h) of this definition, the approval of the Borrowing Base Majority 
Lenders shall not be required under this clause (i) from and after the 
Release of Security Date; provided further, that from and after the Release 
of Security Date the Agent shall have approved such Real Estate for 
inclusion in the calculation of Borrowing Base Availability.

Eligible Real Estate Qualification Documents.  See Schedule 5.3 attached 
hereto.

Employee Benefit Plan.  Any employee benefit plan within the meaning of 
Section 3(3) of ERISA maintained or contributed to by REIT or any ERISA 
Affiliate, other than a Multiemployer Plan.

Environmental Engineer.  Any firm of independent professional engineers or 
other scientists generally recognized as expert in the detection, analysis 
and remediation of Hazardous Substances and related environmental matters 
and acceptable to the Agent in its reasonable discretion.

Environmental Laws.  As defined in the Indemnity Agreement.

Environmental Reports.  See §6.19.

EPA.  See §6.19(b).

Equity Interests.  With respect to any Person, (a) any share of capital 
stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, (b) any 
warrant, option or other right for the purchase or other acquisition from 
such Person of (i) any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or 
profit interests in) such Person, or (ii) any security convertible into or 
exchangeable for any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or 
profit interests in) such Person or warrant, right or option for the 
purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such 
other interests) and whether or not such share, warrant, option, right or 
other interest is authorized or otherwise existing on any date of 
determination, and (c) any other ownership or profit interest in such 
Person (including, without limitation, partnership, member or trust 
interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting.

17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Equity Offering.  The issuance and sale after the Closing Date by REIT or 
any of its Subsidiaries of any equity securities of such Person (other than 
equity securities issued to REIT or any one or more of its Subsidiaries in 
their respective Subsidiaries).

Equity Percentage.  The aggregate ownership percentage of REIT or its 
Subsidiaries in each Unconsolidated Affiliate or Subsidiary that is not a 
Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, which shall be calculated as the greater of (a) 
such Person’s direct or indirect nominal capital ownership interest in the 
Unconsolidated Affiliate or such Subsidiary as set forth in the 
Unconsolidated Affiliate’s or such Subsidiary’s organizational documents, 
and (b) such Person’s direct or indirect economic ownership interest in the 
Unconsolidated Affiliate or such Subsidiary reflecting such Person’s 
current allocable share of income and expenses of the Unconsolidated 
Affiliate or such Subsidiary.

ERISA.  The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended and 
in effect from time to time and all regulations and formal guidelines 
issued thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate.  Any Person which is treated as a single employer with 
REIT or its Subsidiaries under Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of 
ERISA and any predecessor entity of any of them.

ERISA Reportable Event.  A reportable event with respect to a Guaranteed 
Pension Plan within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder as to which the requirement of notice 
has not been waived or any other event with respect to which the Borrower, 
a Guarantor or an ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 
4062(e) or Section 4063 of ERISA.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.  The EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule 
published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in 
effect from time to time.

Event of Default.  See §12.1.

Excluded Hedge Obligation.  With respect to any Guarantor, any Hedge 
Obligation, if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee 
of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest 
to secure, such Hedge Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes 
illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order 
of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official 
interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor’s failure for 
any reason to constitute an “eligible contract participant” as defined in 
the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the 
guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes 
effective with respect to such Hedge Obligation.  If a Hedge Obligation 
arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such 
exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Hedge Obligation that is 
attributable to swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is or 
becomes illegal.

Excluded Subsidiary.  Any Subsidiary of the Borrower which is prohibited 
from guaranteeing the Indebtedness of any other Person pursuant to (i) any 
document, instrument or agreement evidencing Secured Debt permitted by this 
Agreement or (ii) a provision of such

18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Subsidiary’s organizational documents, which provision is included as a 
condition to the extension of such Secured Debt.

Excluded Taxes.  Any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a 
Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a 
Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however 
denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) 
imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or 
having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable 
lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any 
political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) 
in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts 
payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable 
interest in a Loan or its Commitment pursuant to an Applicable Law in 
effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the 
Loan or its Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the 
Borrower under §4.14 as a result of costs sought to be reimbursed pursuant 
to §4.3 or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case 
to the extent that, pursuant to §4.3, amounts with respect to such Taxes 
were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such 
Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it 
changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient’s 
failure to comply with §4.3(g) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes 
imposed under FATCA.

Extension Request.  See §2.12(a)(i).

FATCA.  Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this 
Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively 
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code.

Federal Funds Effective Rate.  For any day, the rate per annum (rounded 
upward to the nearest one-hundredth of one percent (1/100 of 1%)) announced 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland on such day as being the weighted 
average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by 
federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and 
announced by such Federal Reserve Bank in substantially the same manner as 
such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it 
refers to as the “Federal Funds Effective Rate.”  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, 
such rate shall be deemed zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Fee Owner.  The applicable owner of the fee interest in a Borrowing Base 
Asset that is subject to a Ground Lease.

Foreign Lender.  If the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a 
U.S. Person, and if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is 
resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in 
which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes.

Fronting Exposure.  At any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with 
respect to the Issuing Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Credit 
Commitment Percentage of the outstanding Letter of Credit Liabilities other 
than Letter of Credit Liabilities as to which such

19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other 
Revolving Credit Lenders or cash collateral or other credit support 
acceptable to the Issuing Lender shall have been provided in accordance 
with the terms hereof and (b) with respect to the Swing Loan Lender, such 
Defaulting Revolving Credit Lender’s Commitment Percentage of Swing Loans 
other than Swing Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation 
obligation has been reallocated to other Revolving Credit Lenders, repaid 
by the Borrower or for which cash collateral or other credit support 
acceptable to the Swing Loan Lender shall have been provided in accordance 
with the terms hereof.

Funds from Operations.  With respect to a Person and for a given period, 
(a) Net Income (or Loss) of such Person computed in accordance with GAAP, 
calculated without regard to (i) gains (or losses) from debt restructuring 
and sales of property during such period, and (ii) charges for impairment 
of real estate or intangible lease assets, plus (b) depreciation with 
respect to such Person’s real estate assets and amortization of such Person 
for such period, plus (c) other non-cash items (including amortization of 
deferred financing costs), plus (d) costs in connection with acquisitions, 
all other adjustment for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, 
plus (e) extraordinary and non-recurring gains and losses.  Adjustments for 
Unconsolidated Affiliates will be calculated to reflect funds from 
operations on the same basis.  

GAAP.  Principles that are (a) consistent with the principles promulgated 
or adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and its 
predecessors, as in effect from time to time and (b) consistently applied 
with past financial statements of the Person adopting the same principles.

General Partner.  MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company.

Governmental Authority.  Any national, state or local government (whether 
domestic or foreign), any political subdivision thereof or any other 
governmental, quasi governmental, judicial, public or statutory 
instrumentality, authority, body, agency, bureau, commission, board, 
department or other entity (including, without limitation, the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency or the 
Federal Reserve Board, any central bank or any comparable authority) or any 
arbitrator with authority to bind a party at law, and including any 
supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central 
Bank.

Gross Asset Value.  On a Consolidated basis for REIT and its Subsidiaries, 
the sum of (without duplication with respect to any Real Estate):

(a)

the undepreciated book value determined in accordance with GAAP of:

(i)the Borrowing Base Properties included in the calculation of the 
Borrowing Base Availability; plus

(ii)Stabilized Properties of Borrower and its Subsidiaries not included in 
the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability; plus

20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(iii)all Development Properties owned by Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 
plus

(iv)all Land Assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries; plus

(b)

the lesser of (i) the purchase price and (ii) outstanding principal balance 
of all Mortgage Note Receivables of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, plus

(c)

the aggregate amount of all Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of REIT 
and its Subsidiaries as of the date of determination, plus

(d)

the undepreciated book value determined in accordance with GAAP of other 
assets of REIT and its Subsidiaries approved by the Agent to be included in 
the calculation of Gross Asset Value.  

Gross Asset Value will be adjusted, as appropriate, for acquisitions, 
dispositions and other changes to the portfolio during the calendar quarter 
most recently ended prior to a date of determination.  Additionally, 
without limiting or affecting any other provision hereof, Gross Asset Value 
shall not include any income or value associated with Real Estate which is 
not operated or intended to be operated principally as a Medical Property.  
All income, expense and value associated with assets included in Gross 
Asset Value disposed of during the calendar quarter period most recently 
ended prior to a date of determination will be eliminated from 
calculations.  Gross Asset Value will be adjusted to include an amount 
equal to REIT’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ pro rata share (based upon the 
greater of such Person’s Equity Percentage in such Unconsolidated Affiliate 
or such Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary or such Person’s 
pro rata liability for the Indebtedness of such Unconsolidated Affiliate or 
such Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary) of the Gross Asset 
Value attributable to any of the items listed above in this definition 
owned by such Unconsolidated Affiliate or such Subsidiary that is not a 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary.

Ground Lease.  Any ground lease reasonably approved by the Agent pursuant 
to which a Subsidiary Guarantor leases a Borrowing Base Asset.

Ground Lease Default.  See §6.33(d).

Guaranteed Pension Plan.  Any employee pension benefit plan within the 
meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA maintained or contributed to by REIT or 
any ERISA Affiliate the benefits of which are guaranteed on termination in 
full or in part by the PBGC pursuant to Title IV of ERISA, other than a 
Multiemployer Plan.

Guarantor.  Collectively, REIT, General Partner, TRS and each Subsidiary 
Guarantor, and individually any one of them.

Guaranty.  The Second Amended and Restated Unconditional Guaranty of 
Payment and Performance dated of even date herewith made by REIT, General 
Partner, TRS and each Subsidiary Guarantor in favor of the Agent and the 
Lenders, as the same may be modified, amended, restated or ratified, such 
Guaranty to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.

21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Hazardous Substances.  As defined in the Indemnity Agreement.

Healthcare Investigations.  Any inquiries, investigations, probes, audits, 
reviews or proceedings concerning the business affairs, practices, 
licensing or reimbursement entitlements of the Borrower, any Subsidiary 
Guarantor or any Operator (including, without limitation, inquiries 
involving the Comprehensive Error Rate Testing and any inquiries, 
investigations, probes, audit, reviews or proceedings initiated by any 
Fiscal Intermediary/Medicare Administrator Contractor, any Medicaid 
Integrity Contractor, any Recovery Audit Contractor, any Program Safeguard 
Contractor, any Zone Program Integrity Contractor, any Medical Fraud 
Control Unit, any Attorney General, any Department of Insurance, the Office 
of Inspector General, the Department of Justice, the CMS or similar 
governmental agencies or contractors for such agencies).

Healthcare Laws.  All applicable state and federal statutes, codes, 
ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, and guidance relating to patient 
healthcare and/or patient healthcare information, including, without 
limitation, HIPAA, the Health Information Technology for Economic Clinical 
Health Act provisions of the American Recovery and Investment Act of 2009 
and the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and all 
other applicable state and federal laws regarding the privacy and security 
of protected health information and other confidential patient information; 
the establishment, construction, ownership, operation, licensure, use or 
occupancy of the Borrowing Base Assets or any part thereof as a healthcare 
facility, as the case may be, and all conditions of participation pursuant 
to Medicare and/or Medicaid certification; fraud and abuse, including 
without limitation, Public Law No. 111-148 (2010) (Patient Protection and 
Affordable Care Act, as amended, (commonly referred to as the “PPACA”), 
Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C.  Section 
1320a-7(b) (Criminal Penalties Involving Medicare or State Health Care 
Programs), commonly referred to as the “Federal Anti-Kickback Statute,” and 
Section 1877 of the Social Security Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C.  Section 
1395nn (Prohibition Against Certain Referrals), commonly referred to as the 
“Stark Law”, Section 1128A of the Social Security Act, as amended, 42 
U.S.C.  Section 1320q-7(a) (Civil Monetary Penalties), commonly referred to 
as the “Civil Monetary Penalties Law”, and 31 U.S.C. Section 3729-33, 
commonly referred to as the “False Claims Act”.

Hedge Obligations.  All obligations of Borrower to any Lender Hedge 
Provider to make any payments under any agreement with respect to an 
interest rate swap, collar, cap or floor or a forward rate agreement or 
other agreement regarding the hedging of interest rate risk exposure 
relating to the Obligations, and any confirming letter executed pursuant to 
such hedging agreement, and which shall include, without limitation, any 
obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction 
that constitutes a “swap” within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the 
Commodity Exchange Act, all as amended, restated or otherwise modified.  
Under no circumstances shall any of the Hedge Obligations secured or 
guaranteed by any Loan Document as to a Guarantor include any obligation 
that constitutes an Excluded Hedge Obligation of such Guarantor.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hedge Obligations shall not be secured by 
the Collateral or be a liability of the Borrower or Guarantors pursuant to 
the Loan Documents unless Borrower’s rights under the agreement described 
in this definition have been pledged to Agent for the benefit of the 
Lenders pursuant to §7.23.

22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
HIPAA.  The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as 
the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and 
any successor statute thereto, and any and all rules or regulations 
promulgated from time to time thereunder.  Any reference to HIPAA shall 
also include applicability of the Health Information Technology for 
Economic and Clinical Health (HITECH) Act, Title XIII of Division A and 
Title IV of Division B of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 
2009 and any and all rules or regulations promulgated thereunder.

HIPAA Compliance Date.  See §7.15(b).

HIPAA Compliance Plan.  See §7.15(b).

HIPAA Compliant.  See §7.15(b).

IMF.  Integrated medical facility.

Implied Debt Service Coverage Amount.  At any time determined by Agent, an 
amount equal to the annual principal and interest payment sufficient to 
amortize in full over a thirty (30) year period a loan amount equal to the 
aggregate principal balance of all Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities 
calculated using a per annum interest rate equal to the greater of (i) the 
then-current annual yield on ten (10) year obligations issued by the United 
States Treasury most recently prior to the date of determination plus two 
hundred seventy-five (275) basis points (2.75%), and (ii) six and one-half 
percent (6.5%).  The determination of the Implied Debt Service Coverage 
Amount and the components thereof by the Agent shall be based on Borrower’s 
Compliance Certificate as required by §7.4(c) as approved by Agent (or if 
such certificate has not been submitted pursuant to such section or 
otherwise, the same shall be determined by Agent in good faith, which 
determination shall be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error 
until such time as Borrower delivers the Compliance Certificate as required 
by §7.4(c)).

Implied Debt Service Coverage Ratio.  The ratio of Adjusted Net Operating 
Income from the Borrowing Base Properties included in the calculation of 
Borrowing Base Availability, divided by the Implied Debt Service Coverage 
Amount.

Increase Notice.  See §2.11(a).

Indebtedness.  With respect to a Person, at the time of computation 
thereof, all of the following (without duplication):  (a) all obligations 
of such Person in respect of money borrowed (other than trade debt incurred 
in the ordinary course of business which is not more than one hundred 
eighty (180) days past due); (b) all obligations of such Person, whether or 
not for money borrowed (i) represented by notes payable, or drafts 
accepted, in each case representing extensions of credit, (ii) evidenced by 
bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, or (iii) constituting 
purchase money indebtedness, conditional sales contracts, title retention 
debt instruments or other similar instruments, upon which interest charges 
are customarily paid or that are issued or assumed as full or partial 
payment for property or services rendered; (c) obligations of such Person 
as a lessee or obligor under a Capitalized Lease; (d) all reimbursement 
obligations of such Person under any letters of credit or acceptances 
(whether or not the same have been presented for payment); (e) all 
Off-Balance Sheet Obligations of such

23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Person; (f) all obligations of such Person in respect of any purchase 
obligation, repurchase obligation, takeout commitment or forward equity 
commitment, in each case evidenced by a binding agreement (excluding any 
such obligation to the extent the obligation can be satisfied solely by the 
issuance of Equity Interests); (g) net obligations under any Derivatives 
Contract not entered into as a hedge against existing Indebtedness, in an 
amount equal to the Derivatives Termination Value thereof; (h) all 
Indebtedness of other Persons which such Person has guaranteed or is 
otherwise recourse to such Person (except for guaranties of customary 
exceptions for fraud, misapplication of funds, environmental indemnities, 
violations of “special purpose entity” covenants and other similar 
exceptions to recourse liability until a claim is made with respect 
thereto, and then shall be included only to the extent of the amount of 
such claim), including liability of a general partner in respect of 
liabilities of a partnership in which it is a general partner which would 
constitute “Indebtedness” hereunder, any obligation to supply funds to or 
in any manner to invest directly or indirectly in a Person, to maintain 
working capital or equity capital of a Person or otherwise to maintain net 
worth, solvency or other financial condition of a Person, to purchase 
indebtedness, or to assure the owner of indebtedness against loss, 
including, without limitation, through an agreement to purchase property, 
securities, goods, supplies or services for the purpose of enabling the 
debtor to make payment of the indebtedness held by such owner or otherwise; 
(i) all Indebtedness of another Person secured by (or for which the holder 
of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be 
secured by) any Lien on property or assets owned by such Person, even 
though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such 
Indebtedness or other payment obligation; and (j) such Person’s pro rata 
share of the Indebtedness (based upon its Equity Percentage) of any 
Unconsolidated Affiliate of such Person.  Indebtedness of any Person shall 
include Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture in which such 
Person is a general partner or joint venture only to the extent of such 
Person’s pro rata share of the ownership of such partnership or joint 
venture (except if such Indebtedness, or portion thereof, is recourse to 
such Person, in which case the greater of such Person’s pro rata portion of 
such Indebtedness or the amount of the recourse portion of the 
Indebtedness, shall be included as Indebtedness of such Person).  
Indebtedness shall be adjusted to remove any impact of intangibles pursuant 
to ASC 805, as issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board.

Indemnified Taxes.  (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or 
with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the 
Borrower or any Guarantor under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not 
otherwise described in the immediately preceding clause (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnity Agreement.  The Second Amended and Restated Indemnity Agreement 
Regarding Hazardous Materials made by the Borrower and Guarantors, in favor 
of the Agent and the Lenders, as the same may be modified, amended or 
ratified, pursuant to which each of the Borrower and the Guarantors agrees 
to indemnify the Agent and the Lenders with respect to Hazardous Substances 
and Environmental Laws.

Information Materials.  See §7.4.

Insolvency Event.  With respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing of a 
decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in respect of 
such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case 
under any applicable Insolvency Law now or hereafter in

24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, 
sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial 
part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such 
Person’s affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in 
effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; or (b) the commencement 
by such Person of a voluntary case under any applicable Insolvency Law now 
or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an 
order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent 
by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official 
for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or the making 
by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or 
the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become 
due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the 
foregoing.

Insolvency Laws.  The Bankruptcy Code and all other applicable liquidation, 
conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, 
insolvency, reorganization, suspension of payments, or similar debtor 
relief laws from time to time in effect affecting the rights of creditors 
generally.

Insurance Proceeds.  All insurance proceeds, damages and claims and the 
right thereto under any insurance policies relating to any portion of any 
Collateral, net of all reasonable and customary amounts actually expended 
to collect the same, including, without limitation, reasonable and 
customary amounts expended in negotiating, litigating, if appropriate, or 
investigating the amount of such insurance, proceeds, damages and claims.

Insurer.  Any non-individual Person, other than a Governmental Authority, 
located in the United States which, in the ordinary course of its business 
or activities, agrees to pay for healthcare goods and services received by 
individuals, including, without limitation, a commercial insurance company, 
a nonprofit insurance company (such as a Blue Cross/Blue Shield entity), an 
employer or union who self-insures for employee or member health insurance, 
an HMO and a PPO.  “Insurer” shall include insurance companies issuing 
health, personal injury, workmen’s compensation or other types of 
insurance.

Interest Expense.  With respect to any period, with respect to REIT and its 
Subsidiaries, without duplication, total interest expense accruing or paid 
on Indebtedness of REIT and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, 
during such period (including capitalized interest, interest expense 
attributable to Capitalized Leases and amounts attributable to interest 
incurred under Derivatives Contracts), determined in accordance with GAAP, 
and including (without duplication) the Equity Percentage of Interest 
Expense for the Unconsolidated Affiliates of REIT and its Subsidiaries.  
Interest Expense shall not include non-cash interest expense or capitalized 
interest funded under a construction loan by an interest reserve.

Interest Hedge.  See §7.23.

Interest Payment Date.  As to each Base Rate Loan, the first day of each 
calendar month during the term of such Loan.  As to each LIBOR Rate Loan, 
the last day of each Interest Period relating thereto; provided that in the 
event that the Interest Period for a LIBOR Rate Loan shall be for a period 
in excess of one month, then interest shall also be payable on the 
one-month anniversary of the commencement of such Interest Period.

25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Interest Period.  With respect to each LIBOR Rate Loan (a) initially, the 
period commencing on the Drawdown Date of such LIBOR Rate Loan and ending 
one (1) week (if available from all Lenders), or one (1), two (2), three 
(3) or, to the extent available from all Lenders, six (6) months 
thereafter, and (b) thereafter, each period commencing on the day following 
the last day of the next preceding Interest Period applicable to such Loan 
and ending on the last day of one (1) of the periods set forth above, as 
selected by the Borrower in a Loan Request or Conversion/Continuation 
Request; provided that all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest 
Periods are subject to the following:

(i)

if any Interest Period with respect to a LIBOR Rate Loan would otherwise 
end on a day that is not a LIBOR Business Day, such Interest Period shall 
end on the next succeeding LIBOR Business Day, unless such next succeeding 
LIBOR Business Day occurs in the next calendar month, in which case such 
Interest Period shall end on the next preceding LIBOR Business Day, as 
determined conclusively by the Agent in accordance with the then current 
bank practice in London;

(ii)

if the Borrower shall fail to give notice as provided in §4.1, the Borrower 
shall be deemed to have requested a continuation of the affected LIBOR Rate 
Loan as a Base Rate Loan on the last day of the then current Interest 
Period with respect thereto;

(iii)

any Interest Period pertaining to a LIBOR Rate Loan that begins on the last 
Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such 
Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the applicable 
calendar month; and

(iv)

no Interest Period relating to any LIBOR Rate Loan shall extend beyond the 
Revolving Credit Maturity Date, Term Loan A Maturity Date or Term Loan B 
Maturity Date, as applicable.

Investments.  With respect to any Person, all shares of capital stock, 
evidences of Indebtedness and other securities issued by any other Person 
and owned by such Person, all loans, advances, or extensions of credit to, 
or contributions to the capital of, any other Person, all purchases of the 
securities or business or integral part of the business of any other Person 
and commitments and options to make such purchases, all interests in real 
property, and all other investments; provided, however, that the term “
Investment” shall not include (x) equipment, inventory and other tangible 
personal property acquired in the ordinary course of business, or (y) 
current trade and customer accounts receivable for services rendered in the 
ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary trade 
terms.  In determining the aggregate amount of Investments outstanding at 
any particular time:  (a) there shall be included as an Investment all 
interest accrued with respect to Indebtedness constituting an Investment 
unless and until such interest is paid; (b) there shall be deducted in 
respect of each Investment any amount received as a return of capital; (c) 
there shall not be deducted in respect of any Investment any amounts 
received as earnings on such Investment, whether as dividends, interest or 
otherwise, except that accrued interest included as provided in the 
foregoing clause (a) shall be deducted when paid; and (d) there shall not 
be deducted in respect of any Investment any decrease in the value thereof.

26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IRH.  Inpatient rehabilitation hospital.

Issuing Lender.  KeyBank, in its capacity as the Lender issuing the Letters 
of Credit and any successor thereto.

Joinder Agreement.  The Joinder Agreement with respect to the Guaranty, the 
Contribution Agreement  and the Indemnity Agreement to be executed and 
delivered pursuant to §5.5 by any Additional Guarantor, such Joinder 
Agreement to be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto; provided 
that from and after the Release of Security Debt, the Joinder Agreement 
shall no longer include a joinder to the Indemnity Agreement.

KBCM.  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. or any successor.

KeyBank.  As defined in the preamble hereto.

Lakeway Asset.  The real property, improvements and other assets located at 
100 Medical Parkway, Lakeway, Texas, and which real property is generally 
known as Baylor Scott & White Medical Center - Lakeway.

Lakeway Loan.  The first priority mortgage loan made by MRT of Lakeway, TX 
ACH LLC, a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Borrower, to MRT Lakeway RealCo in 
the original principal balance of $72,960,000.00 relating to the Lakeway 
Asset.

Land Assets  Land to be developed as a Medical Property with respect to 
which the commencement of grading, construction of improvements (other than 
improvements that are not material and are temporary in nature) or 
infrastructure has not yet commenced and for which no such work is 
reasonably scheduled to commence within the following twelve (12) months.

Leases.  Leases, licenses and agreements, whether written or oral, relating 
to the use or occupation of space in any Building or of any Real Estate.

Lease Summaries.  Summaries or abstracts of the material terms of the 
Leases.

Lender Hedge Provider.  With respect to any Hedge Obligations, any 
counterparty thereto that, at the time the applicable hedge agreement was 
entered into, was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender.

Lenders.  KeyBank, the other lending institutions which are party hereto 
and any other Person which becomes an assignee of any rights of a Lender 
pursuant to this Agreement (but not including any participant as described 
in §18), and collectively the Revolving Credit Lenders, Term Loan A Lenders 
and Term Loan B Lenders.  The Issuing Lender shall be a Lender, as 
applicable.  The Swing Loan Lender shall be a Lender.

Letter of Credit.  Any standby letter of credit issued at the request of 
the Borrower and for the account of the Borrower in accordance with §2.10.  


27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Letter of Credit Commitment.  An amount equal to Ten Million and No/100 
Dollars ($10,000,000.00), as the same may be changed from time to time in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Letter of Credit Liabilities.  At any time and in respect of any Letter of 
Credit, the sum of (a) the maximum undrawn face amount of such Letter of 
Credit plus (b) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all drawings made 
under such Letter of Credit which have not been repaid (including repayment 
by a Revolving Credit Loan).  For purposes of this Agreement, a Revolving 
Credit Lender (other than the Revolving Credit Lender acting as the Issuing 
Lender) shall be deemed to hold a Letter of Credit Liability in an amount 
equal to its participation interest in the related Letter of Credit under 
§2.10, and the Revolving Credit Lender acting as the Issuing Lender shall 
be deemed to hold a Letter of Credit Liability in an amount equal to its 
retained interest in the related Letter of Credit after giving effect to 
the acquisition by the Revolving Credit Lenders other than the Revolving 
Credit Lender acting as the Issuing Lender of their participation interests 
under §2.10.

Letter of Credit Request.  See §2.10(a).

LIBOR.  For any LIBOR Rate Loan for any Interest Period, the average rate 
as shown in Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 Page (or any successor service, or if 
such Person no longer reports such rate as determined by the Agent, by 
another commercially available source providing such quotations approved by 
the Agent) at which deposits in U.S.  dollars are offered by first class 
banks in the London Interbank Market at approximately 11:00 a.m.  (London 
time) on the day that is two (2) LIBOR Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period with a maturity approximately equal to such 
Interest Period and in an amount approximately equal to the amount to which 
such Interest Period relates, adjusted for reserves and taxes if required 
by future regulations.  If such service or such other Person approved by 
the Agent described above no longer reports such rate or the Agent 
determines in good faith that the rate so reported no longer accurately 
reflects the rate available to the Agent in the London Interbank Market, 
Loans shall accrue interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for 
such Loan.  For any period during which a Reserve Percentage shall apply, 
LIBOR with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans shall be equal to the amount 
determined above divided by an amount equal to 1 minus the Reserve 
Percentage.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the rate shown on Reuters 
Screen LIBOR01 Page (or any successor service designated pursuant to this 
definition) shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for the 
purposes of this Agreement; provided, however, that, to the extent one or 
more Interest Hedges (entered into accordance with §7.23) are in full force 
and effect, then, for the duration of such Interest Hedges, the provisions 
of this sentence shall not apply to LIBOR Rate Loans as is equal to the 
aggregate notional amount of such Interest Hedges.

LIBOR Business Day.  Any day on which commercial banks are open for 
international business (including dealings in Dollar deposits) in London, 
England.

LIBOR Lending Office.  Initially, the office of each Lender designated as 
such on Schedule 1.1 hereto; thereafter, such other office of such Lender, 
if any, that shall be making or maintaining LIBOR Rate Loans.

28
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
LIBOR Rate Loans.  Those Loans bearing interest calculated by reference to 
LIBOR.

Lien.  See §8.2.

Loan Documents.  This Agreement, the Notes, the Guaranty, the Joinder 
Agreements, each Letter of Credit Request, the Security Documents, the 
Subordination of Management Agreement and all other documents, instruments 
or agreements now or hereafter executed or delivered by or on behalf of the 
Borrower or any Guarantor in connection with the Loans.

Loan Request.  A Revolving Credit Loan Request or a Term Loan Request.

Loan and Loans.  An individual loan or the aggregate loans (including a 
Revolving Credit Loan, a Term Loan(s) A, a Term Loan(s) B and a Swing Loan 
(or Loans)), as the case may be, in the maximum aggregate principal amount 
of the Total Commitment.  All Loans shall be made in Dollars.  Amounts 
drawn under a Letter of Credit shall also be considered Revolving Credit 
Loans as provided in §2.10.

LPC.  Large physician clinic.

LTAC.  Long term acute care hospital.

Major Tenant.  A tenant of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor which 
leases space in a Borrowing Base Property pursuant to a Lease which 
entitles it to occupy thirty‑five percent (35%) or more of the Net Rentable 
Area of such Borrowing Base Property.  Agent may in its discretion 
aggregate any and all Leases to Affiliates to determine whether such tenant 
should be treated as a Major Tenant.

Management Agreements.  Agreements to which any Person that owns a 
Borrowing Base Property is a party, whether written or oral, providing for 
the management of the Borrowing Base Property or any of them.

Material Acquisition.  A single acquisition by Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries of properties or assets for a gross purchase price equal to or 
in excess of $150,000,000.00.

Material Adverse Effect.  A material adverse effect on (a) the business, 
properties, assets, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or 
results of operations of REIT and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) 
the ability of the Borrower or any Guarantor to perform any of its material 
obligations under the Loan Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability 
of any of the Loan Documents or the creation, perfection and priority of 
any Liens of the Agent in the Collateral; or (d) the rights or remedies of 
the Agent or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents.

Material Subsidiary.  Any (a) Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower which has 
assets that constitute five percent (5.0%) or more of Gross Asset Value and 
is not an Excluded Subsidiary, or (b) Subsidiary of REIT which is a 
guarantor of or is otherwise liable with respect

29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
to any other Unsecured Indebtedness of the REIT, the Borrower or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries.

Medical Property.  Single or multi-tenant facilities consisting of MOBs, 
SNFs, STACHs, ACHs, ASCs, LPCs, IMFs, STDCs, LTACs and IRHs.

Medicaid.  The medical assistance program established by Title XIX of the 
Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C.  Sections 1396 et seq., and any statutes 
succeeding thereto.

Medicare.  The health insurance program established by Title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C.  Sections 1395 et seq., and any statutes 
succeeding thereto.

MOB.  Medical office building.

Moody’s.  Moody’s Investor Service, Inc.

Mortgage Note Receivables.  A mortgage loan secured by a first mortgage 
lien on a Medical Property, and which Mortgage Note Receivable includes, 
without limitation, the indebtedness secured by a related first priority 
security instrument.

Mountain’s Edge.  The acute care hospital located in Las Vegas, Nevada 
owned by MRT of Las Vegas NV ACH, LLC and leased to Vegas Hospital Care, 
LLC.

MRT Lakeway RealCo.  Lakeway Realty, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability 
company, which is a Subsidiary of Borrower; provided, however, that Agent 
acknowledges that Borrower may elect to cause Lakeway Realty, L.L.C. to 
change its name and if such name change occurs, Borrower agrees to provide 
Agent with ten (10) days prior written notice thereof.

Multiemployer Plan.  Any multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 
3(37) of ERISA maintained or contributed to by REIT or any ERISA Affiliate.

Net Income (or Loss).  With respect to any Person (or any asset of any 
Person) with respect to any period, the net income (or loss) of such Person 
(or attributable to such asset), determined in accordance with GAAP.

Net Offering Proceeds.  The gross cash proceeds received by REIT or any of 
its Subsidiaries as a result of an Equity Offering less the customary and 
reasonable costs, expenses and discounts paid by REIT or such Subsidiary in 
connection therewith.

Net Operating Income.  For any Real Estate and for a given period, an 
amount equal to the sum of (a) the rents, common area reimbursements and 
other income for such Real Estate for such period received in the ordinary 
course of business from tenants in occupancy paying rent (excluding any 
reserve amounts received by a Person from tenants in accordance with the 
terms of their Leases, pre-paid rents and revenues, security deposits 
except to the extent applied in satisfaction of tenants’ obligations for 
rent, and any non-recurring fees, charges or amounts) minus (b) all 
expenses paid or accrued and related to the ownership, operation or 
maintenance of such Real Estate for such period, including, but not limited 
to, taxes, assessments and the like, insurance, utilities, payroll costs, 
maintenance, repair and landscaping expenses,

30
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses (including an 
appropriate allocation for legal, accounting, advertising, marketing and 
other expenses incurred in connection with such Real Estate, but 
specifically excluding general overhead expenses of REIT and its 
Subsidiaries, any property management fees, in each case, in connection 
with such Real Estate), minus (c) excluding Real Estate which is encumbered 
by a Borrowing Base Loan, the greater of (i) actual property management 
expenses of such Real Estate, and (ii) an amount equal to three percent 
(3%) of the gross revenues from such Real Estate, minus (d) all rents, 
common area reimbursements and other income for such Real Estate received 
from tenants in default of payment or other material obligations under 
their lease, or with respect to leases as to which the tenant or any 
guarantor thereunder is subject to any Insolvency Event; provided, however
, that straight line leveling adjustments required under GAAP and 
amortization of deferred market rent into income pursuant to ASC 805 shall 
be excluded from the calculation of Net Operating Income.  For the purposes 
of determining the Implied Debt Service Coverage Ratio, Net Operating 
Income from the Borrowing Base Properties shall be calculated on a rolling 
quarterly annualized basis (that is, if such Real Estate has been owned 
only for one (1) full quarter, by multiplying the result for the current 
quarter times four (4), if such Real Estate has been owned only for two (2) 
full quarters, by multiplying the results for the prior two (2) quarters by 
two (2); or if such Real Estate has been owned for three (3) full quarters, 
by multiplying the results for the previous three (3) quarters by 4/3), and 
the first quarter in the calculation shall be the first full quarter of 
ownership.  In the instance that the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor has 
not owned a Borrowing Base Property for at least one (1) quarter, the 
historic Net Operating Income shall be used.  To the extent that the 
historic Net Operating Income is not available for any reason, Borrower may 
prepare a pro forma of Net Operating Income to be used for one (1) quarter 
until actual results for such quarter are available, such proforma to be 
approved by Agent.  

Net Rentable Area.  With respect to any Real Estate, the floor area of any 
buildings, structures or other improvements available for leasing to 
tenants determined in accordance with the most recent Rent Roll received by 
the Agent for such Real Estate, the manner of such determination to be 
reasonably consistent for all Real Estate of the same type unless otherwise 
reasonably approved by the Agent.

Newly-Built Property.  A completed Medical Property on which all 
improvements related to the development of such Real Estate have been 
substantially completed and for which a final certificate of occupancy or 
equivalent has been issued, and which is operating as a Medical Property, 
but with respect to which the Operators (or with respect to MOBs or IMFs, 
the Major Tenants) therein do not have a ratio of (a) Tenant EBITDAR to (b) 
Rent due and payable by an Operator or such other Person under any Lease or 
Operators’ Agreement for such Real Estate, calculated for the previous 
twelve (12) calendar months, of not less than 1.00 to 1.00.  A Medical 
Property may only be a Newly-Built Property one time and may not be a 
Newly-Built Property for more than eighteen (18) months after issuance of a 
final certificate of occupancy or equivalent, at which time such Medical 
Property shall be considered to be an EBITDAR Stabilized Property.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Mountain’s Edge, such 
property shall be considered a Newly-Built Property until April 1, 2018.

Non-Consenting Lender.  See §18.8.

31
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Non-Defaulting Lender.  At any time, any Lender that is not a Defaulting 
Lender at such time.

Non-Recourse Exclusions.  With respect to any Non-Recourse Indebtedness of 
any Person, any usual and customary exclusions from the non‑recourse 
limitations governing such Indebtedness, including, without limitation, 
exclusions for claims that (a) are based on fraud, intentional or material 
misrepresentation, misapplication of funds, gross negligence or willful 
misconduct, (b) result from intentional mismanagement of or waste at the 
Real Estate securing such Non-Recourse Indebtedness, (c) arise from the 
presence of Hazardous Substances on the Real Estate securing such 
Non-Recourse Indebtedness, (d) are the result of any unpaid real estate 
taxes and assessments (whether contained in a loan agreement, promissory 
note, indemnity agreement or other document) or (e) result from the 
borrowing Subsidiary and/or its assets becoming the subject of a voluntary 
or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding.

Non-Recourse Indebtedness.  With respect to a Person, (a) Indebtedness for 
borrowed money (other than construction completion guarantees with respect 
to Development Properties) in respect of which recourse for payment (except 
for Non‑Recourse Exclusions until a claim is made with respect thereto, and 
then such Indebtedness shall not constitute Non‑Recourse Indebtedness only 
to the extent of the amount of such claim) is contractually limited to 
specific assets of such Person encumbered by a Lien securing such 
Indebtedness or (b) if such Person is a Single Asset Entity, any 
Indebtedness of such Person.  A loan secured by multiple properties owned 
by Single Asset Entities shall be considered Non‑Recourse Indebtedness of 
such Single Asset Entities even if such Indebtedness is cross‑defaulted and 
cross‑collateralized with the loans to such other Single Asset Entities.

Notes.  Collectively, the Revolving Credit Notes, Term Loan A Notes, the 
Term Loan B Notes and the Swing Loan Note.

Notice.  See §19.

Obligations.  All indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of the Borrower 
or any Guarantor to any of the Lenders or the Agent, individually or 
collectively, under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in 
respect of any of the Loans, the Notes or the Letters of Credit, or other 
instruments at any time evidencing any of the foregoing, whether existing 
on the date of this Agreement or arising or incurred hereafter, direct or 
indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, 
liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, 
operation of law or otherwise (including interest and other amounts 
accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or 
other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in 
such proceeding).  

OFAC.  Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury of 
the United States of America.

Off-Balance Sheet Obligations.  Liabilities and obligations of REIT or any 
of its Subsidiaries or any other Person in respect of “off-balance sheet 
arrangements” (as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K 
promulgated under The Securities Act of 1933, as

32
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
amended) which REIT would be required to disclose in the “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” 
section of REIT’s report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K (or their equivalents) 
which REIT is required to file with the SEC.

Operator(s).  The Property Manager, any other manager of a Borrowing Base 
Asset (other than a multi-tenanted MOB and a multi-tenanted IMF), a Major 
Tenant, any property sublessee of thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the 
Net Rentable Area of such Borrowing Base Asset and/or the operator under 
any Operators’ Agreement, in each case, approved by the Agent as required 
by this Agreement unless such approval is not required hereunder, and any 
successor to such Operator approved by the Agent as required by this 
Agreement unless such approval is not required hereunder.  If, with respect 
to any Borrowing Base Asset, there exists a property manager, a Major 
Tenant and a property sublessee of thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the 
Net Rentable Area of such Borrowing Base Asset, or any combination thereof, 
then “Operator” shall refer to all such entities, collectively and 
individually as applicable and as the context may require.

Operators’ Agreements.  Collectively, each property management agreement, a 
Lease with a Major Tenant and/or another similar agreement regarding the 
management and operation of the Borrowing Base Asset between the Borrower 
or a Subsidiary Guarantor, on the one hand, and an Operator, on the other 
hand.

Original Credit Agreement.  As defined in the recitals.  

Other Connection Taxes.  With respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a 
result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the 
jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from 
such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its 
obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a 
security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or 
enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or 
Loan Document).

Other Taxes.  All present or future stamp, court or documentary, 
intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment 
made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or 
registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest 
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such 
Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment 
(other than an assignment made pursuant to §4.14 as a result of costs 
sought to be reimbursed pursuant to §4.3).

Outstanding.  With respect to the Loans, the aggregate unpaid principal 
thereof as of any date of determination.  With respect to Letters of 
Credit, the aggregate undrawn face amount of issued Letters of Credit.

Participant Register.  See §18.4.

Patriot Act.  The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing 
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, 
as the same may be amended from time to time, and corresponding provisions 
of future laws.

33
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
PBGC.  The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation created by Section 4002 of 
ERISA and any successor entity or entities having similar responsibilities.

Permits.  With respect to any Person, any permit, approval, authorization, 
license, registration, certificate, concession, grant, franchise, variance 
or permission from, and any other contractual obligations with, any 
Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law 
and applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to 
which such Person or any of its property is subject.

Permitted Liens.  Liens, security interests and other encumbrances 
permitted by §8.2.

Person.  Any individual, corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership, trust, unincorporated association, business, or other legal 
entity, and any government or any governmental agency or political 
subdivision thereof.

Plan Assets.  Assets of any employee benefit plan subject to Part 4, 
Subtitle B, Title I of ERISA.

Potential Borrowing Base Property.  Any (a) (i) prior to the Release of 
Security Date, Equity Interests in a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Borrower 
which is not at the time included in the Collateral and whose assets 
consist of (A) Eligible Real Estate, or (B) Real Estate which is capable of 
becoming Eligible Real Estate through the approval of the Borrowing Base 
Majority Lenders, and the completion and delivery of Eligible Real Estate 
Qualification Documents as required by the Agent, or (ii) from and after 
the Release of Security Date, any Real Estate of a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary 
of Borrower which is not at the time included in the calculation of 
Borrowing Base Availability and which consists of (A) Eligible Real Estate, 
or (B) Real Estate which is capable of becoming Eligible Real Estate 
through the approval of the Agent and the Borrowing Base Majority Lenders, 
and the completion and delivery of Eligible Real Estate Qualification 
Documents or (b) Borrowing Base Loan.

Preferred Distributions.  With respect to any period and without 
duplication, all Distributions paid, declared but not yet paid or otherwise 
due and payable during such period on Preferred Securities issued by REIT 
or any of its Subsidiaries.  Preferred Distributions shall not include 
dividends or distributions:  (a) paid or payable solely in Equity Interests 
of identical class payable to holders of such class of Equity Interests; 
(b) paid or payable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; or (c) 
constituting or resulting in the redemption of Preferred Securities, other 
than scheduled redemptions not constituting balloon, bullet or similar 
redemptions in full.

Preferred Securities.  With respect to any Person, Equity Interests in such 
Person which are entitled to preference or priority over any other Equity 
Interest in such Person in respect of the payment of dividends or 
distribution of assets upon liquidation, or both.

Prepayment.  Any voluntary or involuntary payment or prepayment of 
principal of a Borrowing Base Loan or any other event (including, without 
limitation, a casualty to or condemnation of a property subject to a 
Borrowing Base Loan) resulting in a prepayment of a Borrowing Base Loan, or 
any other recovery or monetary return by or for Borrower or a Subsidiary 
Guarantor, whether directly or otherwise, with respect to a Borrowing Base 
Loan.

34
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Primary Licenses.  With respect to any Borrowing Base Asset or Person 
operating all or a portion of such Borrowing Base Asset, as the case may 
be, the CON, permit or license to operate as a medical office, acute 
surgery center, long-term care center, hospital or other health care 
facility, as the case may be, and each Medicaid/Medicare/TRICARE provider 
agreement, if applicable.

Property Manager.  A nationally or regionally recognized manager of Medical 
Properties approved by Agent, such approval to not be unreasonably 
withheld.

Public Lender.  See §7.4.

Real Estate.  All real property, including, without limitation, the 
Borrowing Base Properties, at the time of determination then owned or 
leased (as lessee or sublessee) in whole or in part or operated by REIT or 
any of its Subsidiaries, or an Unconsolidated Affiliate of the Borrower and 
which is located in the United States of America or the District of 
Columbia.

Recipient.  The Agent and any Lender.

Record.  The grid attached to any Note, or the continuation of such grid, 
or any other similar record, including computer records, maintained by the 
Agent with respect to any Loan referred to in such Note.

Recourse Indebtedness.  As of any date of determination, any Indebtedness 
(whether secured or unsecured) which is recourse to REIT or any of its 
Subsidiaries.  Recourse Indebtedness shall not include Non‑Recourse 
Indebtedness, but shall include any Non-Recourse Exclusions at such time a 
written claim is made with respect thereto, but only to the extent of such 
claim.

Register.  See §18.2.

REIT.  MedEquities Realty Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation.

REIT Status.  With respect to a Person, its status as a real estate 
investment trust as defined in Section 856(a) of the Code.

Related Fund.  With respect to any Lender which is a fund that invests in 
loans, any Affiliate of such Lender or any other fund that invests in loans 
that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an 
Affiliate of such Lender or such investment advisor.

Release.  Any releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, 
emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, disposing or dumping (other 
than the storing of materials in reasonable quantities to the extent 
necessary for the operation of property in the ordinary course of business, 
and in any event in compliance with all Environmental Laws) of Hazardous 
Substances.

Release of Security Conditions.  The compliance or satisfaction by Borrower 
of all of the following requirements, as confirmed by a certificate 
(including, without limitation,

35
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
appropriate back-up information) from Borrower to Agent and the Lenders 
certifying to the foregoing:

(a)

no Default or Event of Default shall then exist;

(b)

the Gross Asset Value, as most recently reported to Agent in a Compliance 
Certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement, shall not be less than 
$1,000,000,000.00;

(c)

the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Gross Asset Value, as most 
recently reported to Agent in a Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant 
to this Agreement, does not exceed fifty percent (50%);

(d)

the Borrowing Base Value shall not be less than $500,000,000.00, as most 
recently reported to Agent in a Borrowing Base Certificate delivered 
pursuant to this Agreement; and

(e)

the Borrowers shall have delivered to the Agent a Compliance Certificate 
showing compliance with the covenant in §9.9 as would be in effect 
following the Release of Security Date.

Release of Security Date.  The date upon which Agent determines that the 
Release of Security Conditions have been satisfied by Borrower.

Rent.  As of any date of determination and for any given period, all base 
rent and additional rent paid by tenants or other occupants of a Medical 
Property.

Rent Roll.  A report prepared by the Borrower showing for all Real Estate, 
including, without limitation, each Borrowing Base Asset, owned or leased 
by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, its occupancy, lease expiration dates, 
lease rent and other information, including, without limitation, 
identification of vacant units, market rents and residents subsidized by 
Medicare and Medicaid, in substantially the form presented to the Agent 
prior to the date hereof or in such other form as may be reasonably 
acceptable to the Agent; provided that for single-tenant properties leased 
under triple net leases, the applicable lease shall constitute the rent 
roll for such Real Estate and no separate report shall be required.

Representative.  See §14.16.

Required Lenders.  As of any date, the Lender or Lenders whose aggregate 
Commitment Percentage is equal to or greater than sixty-six and 7/10 
percent (66.7%) of the Total Commitment; provided that in determining said 
percentage at any given time, all then existing Defaulting Lenders will be 
disregarded and excluded and the Commitment Percentages of the Lenders 
shall be redetermined for voting purposes only to exclude the Commitment 
Percentages of such Defaulting Lenders.

Required Revolving Credit Lenders.  As of any date, the Revolving Credit 
Lender or Revolving Credit Lenders whose aggregate Revolving Credit 
Commitment Percentage is equal to or greater than sixty-six and 7/10 
percent (66.7%) of the Total Revolving Credit

36
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Commitment; provided that in determining said percentage at any given time, 
all then existing Revolving Credit Lenders that are Defaulting Lenders will 
be disregarded and excluded and the Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages 
of the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be redetermined for voting purposes 
only to exclude the Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages of such 
Defaulting Lenders

Required Term Loan A Lenders.  As of any date, the Term Loan A Lender or 
Term Loan A Lenders whose aggregate Term Loan A Commitment Percentage is 
equal to or greater than sixty-six and 7/10 percent (66.7%) of the Total 
Term Loan A Commitment; provided that in determining said percentage at any 
given time, all then existing Term Loan A Lenders that are Defaulting 
Lenders will be disregarded and excluded and the Term Loan A Commitment 
Percentages of the Term Loan A Lenders shall be redetermined for voting 
purposes only to exclude the Term Loan A Commitments of such Defaulting 
Lenders.

Required Term Loan B Lenders.  As of any date, the Term Loan B Lender or 
Term Loan B Lenders whose aggregate Term Loan B Credit Commitment 
Percentage is equal to or greater than sixty-six and 7/10 percent (66.7%) 
of the Total Term Loan B Commitment; provided that in determining said 
percentage at any given time, all then existing Term Loan B Lenders that 
are Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded and the Term Loan B 
Commitment Percentages of the Term Loan B Lenders shall be redetermined for 
voting purposes only to exclude the Term Loan B Commitments of such 
Defaulting Lenders.

Reserve Percentage.  For any Interest Period, that percentage which is 
specified three (3) Business Days before the first day of such Interest 
Period by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any 
successor) or any other Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the 
Agent or any Lender for determining the maximum reserve requirement 
(including, but not limited to, any marginal reserve requirement) for the 
Agent or any Lender with respect to liabilities constituting of or 
including (among other liabilities) Eurocurrency liabilities in an amount 
equal to that portion of the Loan affected by such Interest Period and with 
a maturity equal to such Interest Period.

Revolving Credit Base Rate Loans.  Revolving Credit Loans bearing interest 
calculated by reference to the Base Rate.

Revolving Credit Commitment.  With respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, 
the amount set forth on Schedule 1.1 hereto as the amount of such Revolving 
Credit Lender’s commitment to make or maintain Revolving Credit Loans or to 
participate in Swing Loans to the Borrower and to participate in Letters of 
Credit for the account of the Borrower, as the same may be changed from 
time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage.  With respect to each Revolving 
Credit Lender, the percentage set forth on Schedule 1.1 hereto as such 
Revolving Credit Lender’s percentage of the Total Revolving Credit 
Commitment, as the same may be changed from time to time in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement; provided that if the Revolving Credit 
Commitments of the Revolving Credit Lenders have been terminated as 
provided in this Agreement, then the Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage 
of each Revolving Credit Lender shall be determined based on the Revolving 
Credit Commitment Percentage of such Revolving

37
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Credit Lender immediately prior to such termination and after giving effect 
to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof.

Revolving Credit Lenders.  Collectively, the Lenders which have a Revolving 
Credit Commitment, the initial Revolving Credit Lenders being identified on 
Schedule 1.1 hereto.

Revolving Credit LIBOR Rate Loans.  Revolving Credit Loans bearing interest 
calculated by reference to LIBOR.

Revolving Credit Loan or Loans.  An individual Revolving Credit Loan or the 
aggregate Revolving Credit Loans, as the case may be, in the maximum 
principal amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment to be made by the 
Revolving Credit Lenders hereunder as more particularly described in §2.  
Without limiting the foregoing, Revolving Credit Loans shall also include 
Revolving Credit Loans made pursuant to §2.10(f).

Revolving Credit Loan Request.  See §2.7(a).

Revolving Credit Maturity Date.  February 10, 2021, as such date may be 
extended as provided in §2.12, or such earlier date on which the Revolving 
Credit Loans shall become due and payable pursuant to the terms hereof.

Revolving Credit Notes.  See §2.1(b).

S&P.  S&P Global Inc.

Sanctions Laws and Regulations.  Any applicable sanctions, prohibitions or 
requirements imposed by any applicable executive order or by any applicable 
sanctions program administered by OFAC, the United States Department of 
State, the United States Treasury, the United Nations Security Council, the 
European Union or Her Majesty’s Treasury.

SEC.  The federal Securities and Exchange Commission.

Secured Debt.  With respect to REIT and its Subsidiaries as of any given 
date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of such Persons on 
a Consolidated basis outstanding at such date and that is secured in any 
manner by any Lien.

Security Documents.  Collectively, the Assignments of Documents, the 
Assignment of Interests, the Acknowledgments, the Assignment of Hedge , the 
Indemnity Agreement, any other security documents executed and delivered 
pursuant to §5.7, the UCC-1 financing statements and any further collateral 
assignments to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders.

Single Asset Entity.  A bankruptcy remote, single purpose entity which is a 
Subsidiary of the Borrower and which is not a Subsidiary Guarantor or an 
owner of a direct or indirect interest in a Subsidiary Guaranty which owns 
real property and related assets which are security for Indebtedness of 
such entity, and which Indebtedness does not constitute

38
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Indebtedness of any other Person except as provided in the definition of 
Non‑Recourse Indebtedness (except for Non‑Recourse Exclusions).

Single Tenant Limitation.  See §9.10(a).

SNF.  Skilled nursing facility.  A skilled nursing facility may contain 
within it an assisted living component approved by Agent.

Stabilized Property.  A completed Medical Property on which all 
improvements related to the development of such Real Estate have been 
substantially completed (excluding tenant/licensee improvements) and for 
which a shell certificate of occupancy or equivalent has been issued.  Once 
a property becomes a Stabilized Property under this Agreement, it shall 
remain a Stabilized Property.

STACH.  Specialty procedure and short-stay acute care hospital.

State.  A state of the United States of America and the District of 
Columbia.

State Regulator.  See §7.15(a).

STDC.  Specialty treatment and diagnostic center.

Subordination of Management Agreement.  An agreement pursuant to which a 
manager of a Borrowing Base Asset subordinates its rights under a 
Management Agreement to the Loan Documents, such agreement to be in the 
form and substance satisfactory to Agent.

Subsidiary.  For any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company or other entity of which at least a majority of the 
securities or other ownership interests having by the terms thereof 
ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or 
other persons performing similar functions of such corporation, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity (without regard to 
the occurrence of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such 
Person or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, and 
shall include all Persons the accounts of which are consolidated with those 
of such Person pursuant to GAAP.  Notwithstanding any ownership interest in 
the Borrower, the Borrower shall at all times be considered a Subsidiary of 
REIT.

Subsidiary Guarantor.  Each Person, other than REIT, General Partner and 
TRS, that is a party to the Guaranty, and each Additional Guarantor.

Survey.  An instrument survey of each parcel of Real Estate prepared by a 
registered land surveyor, certified to Agent (if required by Agent), which 
shall show the location of all buildings, structures, easements and utility 
lines on such property, shall be sufficient to remove the standard survey 
exception from the relevant Title Policy, shall show that all buildings and 
structures are within the lot lines of such Real Estate and shall not show 
any encroachments by others (or to the extent any encroachments are shown, 
such encroachments shall be acceptable to the Agent in its reasonable 
discretion), shall show rights of way, adjoining sites, establish building 
lines and street lines, the distance to and names of the nearest 
intersecting streets and

39
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
such other details as the Agent may reasonably require; and shall show 
whether or not such Real Estate is located in a flood hazard district as 
established by the Federal Emergency Management Agency or any successor 
agency or is located in any flood plain, flood hazard or wetland protection 
district established under federal, state or local law and shall otherwise 
be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

Swing Loan.  See §2.5(a).

Swing Loan Commitment.  An amount equal to Twenty-Five Million and No/100 
Dollars ($25,000,000.00), as the same may be changed from time to time in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Swing Loan Lender.  KeyBank, in its capacity as Swing Loan Lender and any 
successor thereof.

Swing Loan Note.  See §2.5(b).

Syndication Agent.  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and CitiBank, N.A.

Taking.  The taking or appropriation (including by deed in lieu of 
condemnation) of any Borrowing Base Asset, or any part thereof or interest 
therein, whether permanently or temporarily, for public or quasi-public use 
under the power of eminent domain, by reason of any public improvement or 
condemnation proceeding, or in any other manner or any damage or injury or 
diminution in value through condemnation, inverse condemnation or other 
exercise of the power of eminent domain.

Taxes.  All present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, 
withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other 
charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, 
additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Tenant EBITDAR.  For any period for a tenant or Operator, an amount equal 
to the sum of (a) all revenues of such Person determined on a GAAP basis 
derived from the operation, use, leasing and occupancy of a Medical 
Property during such period; provided, however, that in no event shall 
revenues include (i) any loan proceeds, (ii) proceeds or payments under 
insurance policies (except proceeds of business interruption insurance), 
(iii) condemnation proceeds, (iv) any security deposits received from 
tenants, residents and other users of the Medical Property, unless and 
until the same are applied to rent or other obligations in accordance with 
the tenant’s lease or the resident’s or other user’s agreement, or (v) any 
other extraordinary items, in Agent’s reasonable discretion, minus (b) such 
Person’s actual costs and expenses of operating, managing and maintaining 
the Medical Property during such period, determined on a GAAP basis, 
excepting, however, interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization, 
and lease expense for such period; provided that if such Medical Property 
is a SNF, an imputed management fee equal to five percent (5%) of revenues 
of such Person from such Medical Property shall be used in lieu of actual 
management fees and expenses.

Term A Base Rate Loans.  The Term Loans A bearing interest by reference to 
the Base Rate.

40
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Term A LIBOR Rate Loans.  The Term Loans A bearing interest by reference to 
LIBOR.

Term B Base Rate Loans.  The Term Loans B bearing interest by reference to 
the Base Rate.

Term B LIBOR Rate Loans.  The Term Loans B bearing interest by reference to 
LIBOR.

Term Base Rate Loans.  Collectively, the Term A Base Rate Loans and the 
Term B Base Rate Loans.

Term LIBOR Rate Loans.  Collectively, the Term A LIBOR Rate Loans and the 
Term B LIBOR Rate Loans.

Term Loan or Term Loans.  Collectively, the Term Loans A and the Term Loans 
B.

Term Loan A or Term Loans A.  An individual Term Loan A or the aggregate 
Term Loans A, as the case may be, in the maximum principal amount of 
$125,000,000.00 (subject to increase as provided in §2.11) made by the Term 
Loan A Lenders hereunder.

Term Loan A Commitment.  As to each Term Loan A Lender, the amount equal to 
such Term Loan A Lender’s Term Loan A Commitment Percentage of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans A from time to time 
Outstanding to the Borrower.

Term Loan A Commitment Percentage.  With respect to each Term Loan A 
Lender, the percentage set forth on Schedule 1.1 hereto as such Term Loan A 
Lender’s percentage of the aggregate Term Loans A to the Borrower, as the 
same may be changed from time to time in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement.

Term Loan A Lenders.  Collectively, the Lenders which have a Term Loan A 
Commitment, the initial Term Loan A Lenders being identified on Schedule 
1.1 hereto.

Term Loan A Maturity Date.   February 10, 2022, or such earlier date on 
which the Term Loans A shall become due and payable pursuant to the terms 
hereof.

Term Loan A Notes.  See §2.2(a).

Term Loan B or Term Loans B.  An individual Term Loan B or the aggregate 
Term Loans B, as the case may be, subject to increase as provided in §2.11) 
made by the Term Loan B Lenders hereunder.

Term Loan B Commitment.  As to each Term Loan B Lender, the amount equal to 
such Term Loan B Lender’s Term Loan B Commitment Percentage of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans B from time to time 
Outstanding to the Borrower. As of the Closing Date, the Term Loan B 
Commitment is $00.00 and no Lender is committed to fund any portion of Term 
Loan B to Borrower.

41
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Term Loan B Commitment Amendment. See §2.11(e).

Term Loan B Commitment Percentage.  With respect to each Term Loan B 
Lender, the percentage set forth on Schedule 1.1 hereto as such Term Loan B 
Lender’s percentage of the aggregate Term Loans B to the Borrower, as the 
same may be changed from time to time in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement.

Term Loan B Lenders.  Collectively, the Lenders which have a Term Loan B 
Commitment.  As of the Closing Date, there are no Term Loan B Lenders.

Term Loan B Maturity Date.   The maturity date selected by Borrower and 
agreed to by Agent and the Term Loan B Lenders pursuant to §2.11, or such 
earlier date on which the Term Loans B shall become due and payable 
pursuant to the terms hereof; provided, however, in no event will the Term 
Loan B Maturity Date occur prior to the Term Loan A Maturity Date.

Term Loan B Notes.  See §2.2(b).

Term Loan Lenders.  Collectively, the Term Loan A Lenders and the Term Loan 
B Lenders.

Term Loan Notes.  Collectively, the Term Loan A Notes and the Term Loan B 
Notes.

Term Loan Request.  See §2.7(b).

Texas Ten Portfolio.  The portfolio of ten (10) skilled nursing facilities 
located in the State of Texas, which are owned by Subsidiary Guarantors and 
leased to GruenePointe 1 El Paso, LLC, GruenePointe 1 Kerens, LLC, 
GruenePointe 1 Casa Rio, LLC, GruenePointe 1 River City, LLC, GruenePointe 
1 Brownwood, LLC, GruenePointe 1 Longview, LLC, GruenePointe 1 Kemp, LLC, 
GruenePointe 1 Mt. Pleasant, LLC, and GruenePointe 1 Kaufman, LLC, and 
GruenePointe 1 Graham, LLC, each a Texas limited liability company.  

Third-Party Payor Programs.  Any participation or provider agreements with 
any third party payor, including Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE and any 
Insurer, and any other private commercial insurance managed care and 
employee assistance program, to which the Borrower, any Subsidiary 
Guarantor or any Operator may be subject with respect to any Borrowing Base 
Asset.

Title Insurance Company.  Any title insurance company or companies approved 
by the Agent and the Borrower.  As of the Closing Date, the Title Insurance 
Companies listed on Schedule 1.3 are approved by the Agent and the 
Borrower; provided that Agent reserves the right to disapprove any Title 
Company with respect to any new Borrowing Base Asset after the Closing 
Date.

Title Policy.  With respect to each Borrowing Base Property, an ALTA 
standard form owner’s title insurance policy (or, if such form is not 
available, an equivalent, legally promulgated form of owner’s title 
insurance policy reasonably acceptable to the Agent) issued by a Title 
Insurance Company (with such reinsurance as the Agent may reasonably 
require, any

42
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
such reinsurance to be with direct access endorsements to the extent 
available under Applicable Law) in an amount approved by the Agent insuring 
that the Subsidiary Guarantor holds marketable or indefeasible (with 
respect to Texas) fee simple title or a valid and subsisting leasehold 
interest to such parcel, subject only to the encumbrances acceptable to 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and which shall not contain standard 
exceptions for mechanics liens, persons in occupancy (other than tenants as 
tenants only under Leases) or matters which would be shown by a survey, and 
shall not insure over any matter except to the extent that any such 
affirmative insurance is acceptable to the Agent in its reasonable 
discretion.

Titled Agents.  The Arranger or any syndication or documentation agent.

Total Commitment.  The sum of the Commitments of the Lenders, as in effect 
from time to time.  As of the date of this Agreement, the Total Commitment 
is Four Hundred Twenty-Five Million and No/100 Dollars ($425,000,000.00), 
and is subject to increase in §2.11.

Total Revolving Credit Commitment.  The sum of the Revolving Credit 
Commitments of the Revolving Credit Lenders, as in effect from time to 
time.  As of the date of this Agreement, the Total Revolving Credit 
Commitment is Three Hundred Million and No/100 Dollars ($300,000,000.00).  
The Total Revolving Credit Commitment may increase in accordance with 
§2.11.

Total Term Loan A Commitment.  The sum of the Term Loan A Commitments of 
the Term Loan A Lenders, as in effect from time to time.  As of the date of 
this Agreement, the Total Term Loan A Commitment is One Hundred Twenty-Five 
Million and No/100 Dollars ($125,000,000.00).  The Total Term Loan A 
Commitment may increase in accordance with §2.11.

Total Term Loan B Commitment.  The sum of the Term Loan B Commitments of 
the Term Loan B Lenders, as in effect from time to time.  As of the date of 
this Agreement, the Total Term Loan B Commitment is Zero and No/100 Dollars 
($00.00).  The Total Term Loan B Commitment may increase in accordance with 
§2.11.

TRICARE.  The health care program maintained by the United States of 
America for its uniformed service members, retirees and their families.

TRS.  MedEquities Realty TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Type.  As to any Loan, its nature as a Base Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan.

Unconsolidated Affiliate.  In respect of any Person, any other Person in 
whom such Person holds an Investment, which Investment is accounted for in 
the financial statements of such Person on an equity basis of accounting 
and whose financial results would not be consolidated under GAAP with the 
financial results of such first Person on the consolidated financial 
statements of such first Person if such financial statements were prepared 
in accordance with the full consolidation method of GAAP as of such date.

Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents.  As of any date of determination, 
the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of Unrestricted cash and (b) the 
aggregate amount of

43
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Unrestricted Cash Equivalents (valued at fair market value).  As used in 
this definition, “Unrestricted” means the specified asset is readily 
available for the satisfaction of any and all obligations of such Person 
and is not subject to any Lien, claim, cash trap, restriction, escrow or 
reserve.  For the avoidance of doubt, Unrestricted Cash and Cash 
Equivalents shall not include any tenant security deposits or other 
restricted deposits.

Unsecured Indebtedness.  Any Indebtedness of a Person outstanding at any 
time that is not Secured Debt.

U.S. Person.  Any Person that is a “United States Person” as defined in 
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate.  See §4.3(g)(ii)(B)(iii).

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary.  As to the Borrower or REIT, any Subsidiary of the 
Borrower or REIT that is directly or indirectly owned one hundred percent 
(100%) by the Borrower or REIT, as applicable.

Withholding Agent.  The REIT, the Borrower, any other Guarantor and the 
Agent, as applicable.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers.  With respect to any EEA Resolution 
Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution 
Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the 
applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are 
described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

Rules of Interpretation

.

(a)A reference to any document or agreement shall include such document or 
agreement as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in 
accordance with its terms and the terms of this Agreement.

(b)The singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular.

(c)A reference to any law includes any amendment or modification of such 
law.

(d)A reference to any Person includes its permitted successors and 
permitted assigns.

(e)Accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned 
to them by GAAP applied on a consistent basis by the accounting entity to 
which they refer.

(f)The words “include”, “includes” and “including” are not limiting.

(g)The words “approval” and “approved”, as the context requires, means an 
approval in writing given to the party seeking approval after full and fair 
disclosure to the party

44
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
giving approval of all material facts necessary in order to determine 
whether approval should be granted.

(h)All terms not specifically defined herein or by GAAP, which terms are 
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New 
York, have the meanings assigned to them therein.

(i)Reference to a particular “§”, refers to that section of this Agreement 
unless otherwise indicated.

(j)The words “herein”, “hereof”, “hereunder” and words of like import shall 
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section or 
subdivision of this Agreement.

(k)In the event of any change in GAAP after the date hereof or any other 
change in accounting procedures pursuant to §7.3 which would affect the 
computation of any financial covenant, ratio or other requirement set forth 
in any Loan Document, then upon the request of the Borrower or the Agent, 
the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Agent and the Lenders shall negotiate 
promptly, diligently and in good faith in order to amend the provisions of 
the Loan Documents such that such financial covenant, ratio or other 
requirement shall continue to provide substantially the same financial 
tests or restrictions of the Borrower and the Guarantors as in effect prior 
to such accounting change, as determined by the Required Lenders in their 
good faith judgment.  Until such time as such amendment shall have been 
executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Agent and the 
Required Lenders, such financial covenants, ratio and other requirements, 
and all financial statements and other documents required to be delivered 
under the Loan Documents, shall be calculated and reported as if such 
change had not occurred.

(l)Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an 
accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all 
computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) 
without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards 
Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or 
Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value 
any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the REIT or any of its 
Subsidiaries at “fair value”, as defined therein, (ii) without giving 
effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt 
instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other 
Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a 
similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or 
bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all 
times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof.

(m)To the extent that any of the representations and warranties contained 
in this Agreement or any other Loan Document is qualified by “Material 
Adverse Effect” or any other materiality qualifier, then any further 
qualifier as to representations and warranties being true and correct “in 
all material respects” contained elsewhere in the Loan Documents shall not 
apply with respect to any such representations and warranties.

45
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(n)Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, for so long 
as REIT or any of its Subsidiaries owns an interest, directly or 
indirectly, in the Lakeway Asset and the Lakeway Loan, then (i) the Lakeway 
Loan shall not be included in the calculation of Gross Asset Value, and 
(ii) the indebtedness of MRT Lakeway Realco under the Lakeway Loan shall 
not be included within the definition of Consolidated Total Indebtedness 
for the purposes of calculating Consolidated Tangible Net Worth, the 
Applicable Margin and compliance with the covenant in §9.2.

THE CREDIT FACILITY

.

Revolving Credit Loans

.

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of 
the Revolving Credit Lenders severally agrees to lend to the Borrower, and 
the Borrower may borrow (and repay and reborrow) from time to time between 
the Closing Date and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date upon notice by the 
Borrower to the Agent given in accordance with §2.7, such sums as are 
requested by the Borrower for the purposes set forth in §2.9 up to a 
maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding (after giving effect to all 
amounts requested) at any one time equal to the lesser of (i) the sum of 
such Revolving Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment and (ii) such 
Revolving Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the sum 
of (A) the Borrowing Base Availability minus (B) the sum of (1) the amount 
of all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, and Swing Loans, plus (2) the 
aggregate amount of Letter of Credit Liabilities, plus (3) the Outstanding 
Term Loans A and Term Loans B, plus (4) commencing upon the occurrence of 
the Release of Security Date and continuing at all times thereafter, the 
outstanding principal amount of the Consolidated Total Unsecured 
Indebtedness (excluding the Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities); 
provided, that, in all events no Default or Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing; and provided, further, that the outstanding 
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans (after giving effect to all 
amounts requested), Swing Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities shall not 
at any time (i) exceed the lesser of (A) Borrowing Base Availability minus 
the Outstanding Term Loans A and the Outstanding Term Loans B and 
commencing upon the occurrence of the Release of Security Date and 
continuing at all times thereafter, the outstanding principal amount of the 
Consolidated Total Unsecured Indebtedness (excluding the Loans and Letter 
of Credit Liabilities), and (B) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment or 
(ii) cause a violation of the covenant set forth in §9.1.  The Revolving 
Credit Loans shall be made pro rata in accordance with each Revolving 
Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage.  Each request for a 
Revolving Credit Loan hereunder shall constitute a representation and 
warranty by the Borrower that all of the conditions required of the 
Borrower set forth in §§10 and 11 have been satisfied on the date of such 
request.  The Agent may assume that the conditions in §§10 and 11 have been 
satisfied unless it receives prior written notice from a Revolving Credit 
Lender that such conditions have not been satisfied.  No Revolving Credit 
Lender shall have any obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans to the 
Borrower or participate in Letter of Credit Liabilities in the maximum 
aggregate principal outstanding balance of more than the lesser of the 
amount equal to its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the Revolving 
Credit Commitments and the principal face amount of its Revolving Credit 
Note.

46
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)The Revolving Credit Loans shall be evidenced by separate promissory 
notes of the Borrower in substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto 
(collectively, the “Revolving Credit Notes”), dated of even date with this 
Agreement (except as otherwise provided in §18.3) and completed with 
appropriate insertions.  One Revolving Credit Note shall be payable to the 
order of each Revolving Credit Lender in the principal amount equal to such 
Revolving Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment or, if less, the 
outstanding amount of all Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving 
Credit Lender, plus interest accrued thereon, as set forth below.  The 
Borrower irrevocably authorizes the Agent to make or cause to be made, at 
or about the time of the Drawdown Date of any Revolving Credit Loan or the 
time of receipt of any payment of principal thereof, an appropriate 
notation on the Agent’s Record reflecting the making of such Revolving 
Credit Loan or (as the case may be) the receipt of such payment.  The 
outstanding amount of the Revolving Credit Loans set forth on the Agent’s 
Record shall be prima facie evidence of the principal amount thereof owing 
and unpaid to each Revolving Credit Lender, but the failure to record, or 
any error in so recording, any such amount on the Agent’s Record shall not 
limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or 
under any Revolving Credit Note to make payments of principal of or 
interest on any Revolving Credit Note when due.  There shall not be deemed 
to have occurred, and there has not otherwise occurred, any payment in 
full, satisfaction or novation of the indebtedness evidenced by the 
“Revolving Credit Notes”, as defined in the Original Credit Agreement, 
which indebtedness is instead allocated among the Revolving Credit Lenders 
as of the date hereof, as applicable, in accordance with their respective 
Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages.  On the Closing Date, the 
Revolving Credit Lenders shall make adjustments among themselves so that 
the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans are consistent with their Revolving 
Credit Commitment Percentages.  

§2.2Commitment to Lend Term Loan A and Term Loan B.  

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of 
the Term Loan A Lenders severally agrees to lend to the Borrower on the 
Closing Date such Term Loan A Lender’s Term Loan A Commitment, which Term 
Loans A shall be evidenced by the Term Loan A Notes.  Any additional Term 
Loans A made as a result of any increase in the Total Term Loan A 
Commitments pursuant to §2.11 shall be made on the applicable Commitment 
Increase Date and each Lender which elects to increase its or acquire a 
Term Loan A Commitment pursuant to §2.11 severally and not jointly agrees 
to make a Term Loan A to the Borrower in an amount equal to (a) with 
respect to any existing Term Loan A Lender, the amount by which such Term 
Loan A Lender’s Term Loan A Commitment increases on the applicable 
Commitment Increase Date and (b) with respect to any new Term Loan A 
Lender, the amount of such new Lender’s Term Loan A Commitment.  Each 
request for a Term Loan A hereunder shall constitute a representation and 
warranty by the Borrower that all of the conditions required of the 
Borrower set forth in §§10 and 11 have been satisfied on the date of such 
request.  The Agent may assume that the conditions in §§10 and 11 have been 
satisfied unless it receives prior written notice from a Term Loan A Lender 
that such conditions have not been satisfied.  The Term Loans A shall be 
evidenced by separate promissory notes of the Borrower in substantially the 
form of Exhibit B-2 hereto (collectively, the “Term Loan A Notes”), dated 
of even date with this Agreement (except as otherwise provided in §18.3) 
and completed with appropriate insertions.  One Term Loan A Note shall be 
payable to the order of each Term Loan A Lender in the principal amount 
equal to such Term Loan A Lender’s Term

47
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Loan A Commitment or, if less, the outstanding amount of all Term Loan A 
Loans made by such Term Loan A Lender, plus interest accrued thereon, as 
set forth below.  The Borrower irrevocably authorizes Agent to make or 
cause to be made, at or about the time of the Drawdown Date of any Term 
Loan A or the time of receipt of any payment of principal thereof, an 
appropriate notation on Agent’s Record reflecting the making of such Term 
Loan A or (as the case may be) the receipt of such payment.  The 
outstanding amount of the Term Loans A set forth on Agent’s Record shall be 
prima facie evidence of the principal amount thereof owing and unpaid to 
each Term Loan A Lender, but the failure to record, or any error in so 
recording, any such amount on Agent’s Record shall not limit or otherwise 
affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under any Term Loan A 
Note to make payments of principal of or interest on any Term Loan A Note 
when due.  

(b)Any Term Loans B made as a result of any increase in the Total Term Loan 
B Commitments pursuant to §2.11 shall be made on the applicable Commitment 
Increase Date and each Lender which elects to increase its or acquire a 
Term Loan B Commitment pursuant to §2.11 severally and not jointly agrees 
to make a Term Loan B to the Borrower in an amount equal to (a) with 
respect to any existing Term Loan B Lender, the amount by which such Term 
Loan B Lender’s Term Loan B Commitment increases on the applicable 
Commitment Increase Date and (b) with respect to any new Term Loan B 
Lender, the amount of such new Lender’s Term Loan B Commitment.  Each 
request for a Term Loan B hereunder shall constitute a representation and 
warranty by the Borrower that all of the conditions required of the 
Borrower set forth in §§10 and 11 have been satisfied on the date of such 
request.  The Agent may assume that the conditions in §§10 and 11 have been 
satisfied unless it receives prior written notice from a Term Loan B Lender 
that such conditions have not been satisfied.  The Term Loans B shall be 
evidenced by separate promissory notes of the Borrower in substantially the 
form of Exhibit B-3 hereto (collectively, the “Term Loans B Notes”), dated 
as of the making of such Loan (except as otherwise provided in §18.3) and 
completed with appropriate insertions.  One Term Loan B Note shall be 
payable to the order of each Term Loan B Lender in the principal amount 
equal to such Term Loan B Lender’s Term Loan B Commitment or, if less, the 
outstanding amount of all Term Loan B Loans made by such Term Loan B 
Lender, plus interest accrued thereon, as set forth below.  The Borrower 
irrevocably authorizes Agent to make or cause to be made, at or about the 
time of the Drawdown Date of any Term Loan B or the time of receipt of any 
payment of principal thereof, an appropriate notation on Agent’s Record 
reflecting the making of such Term Loan B or (as the case may be) the 
receipt of such payment.  The outstanding amount of the Term Loans B set 
forth on Agent’s Record shall be prima facie evidence of the principal 
amount thereof owing and unpaid to each Term Loan B Lender, but the failure 
to record, or any error in so recording, any such amount on Agent’s Record 
shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower 
hereunder or under any Term Loan B Note to make payments of principal of or 
interest on any Term Loan B Note when due.

Facility Unused Fee

.  The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of the Revolving 
Credit Lenders (other than a Defaulting Lender for such period of time as 
such Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender) in accordance with 
their respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages a facility unused 
fee calculated at the rate per annum as set forth below on the average 
daily amount by which the Total Revolving Credit Commitment exceeds the 
outstanding principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans, Letter of Credit 
Liabilities and Swing Loans, during each calendar quarter or portion 
thereof commencing on the date

48
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
hereof and ending on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.  The facility 
unused fee shall be calculated for each day based on the ratio (expressed 
as a percentage) of (a) the average daily amount of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans (other than Revolving Credit 
Loans made by a Defaulting Lender), Letter of Credit Liabilities and Swing 
Loans during such quarter to (b) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment 
(other than Revolving Credit Commitments made by a Defaulting Lender), and 
if such ratio is less than fifty percent (50%), the facility unused fee 
shall be payable at the rate of 0.35%, and if such ratio is equal to or 
greater than fifty percent (50%), the facility unused fee shall be payable 
at the rate of 0.25%.  The facility unused fee shall be payable quarterly 
in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter for the immediately 
preceding calendar quarter or portion thereof, and on any earlier date on 
which the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be reduced or shall terminate 
as provided in §2.4, with a final payment on the Revolving Credit Maturity 
Date.

Reduction and Termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments

.  The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time upon 
five (5) Business Days’ prior written notice to the Agent to reduce by 
$5,000,000.00 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000.00 in excess thereof (
provided that in no event shall the Total Revolving Credit Commitment be 
reduced in such manner to an amount less than fifty percent (50.0%) of the 
highest Total Revolving Credit Commitment at any time existing under this 
Agreement) or to terminate entirely the Revolving Credit Commitments, 
whereupon the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Revolving Credit Lenders 
shall be reduced pro rata in accordance with their respective Revolving 
Credit Commitment Percentages of the amount specified in such notice or, as 
the case may be, terminated, any such termination or reduction to be 
without penalty except as otherwise set forth in §4.7; provided, however, 
that no such termination or reduction shall be permitted if, after giving 
effect thereto, the sum of Outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, the 
Outstanding Swing Loans and the Letter of Credit Liabilities would exceed 
the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Revolving Credit Lenders as so 
terminated or reduced.  Promptly after receiving any notice from the 
Borrower delivered pursuant to this §2.4, the Agent will notify the 
Revolving Credit Lenders of the substance thereof.  Any reduction of the 
Revolving Credit Commitments shall also result in a proportionate reduction 
(rounded to the next lowest integral multiple of $100,000.00) in the 
maximum amount of Swing Loans and Letters of Credit.  Upon the effective 
date of any such reduction or termination, the Borrower shall pay to the 
Agent for the respective accounts of the Revolving Credit Lenders the full 
amount of any facility fee under §2.3 then accrued on the amount of the 
reduction.  No reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments 
may be reinstated.

Swing Loan Commitment

.

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the 
Swing Loan Lender agrees to lend to the Borrower (the “Swing Loans”), and 
the Borrower may borrow (and repay and reborrow) from time to time between 
the Closing Date and the date which is five (5) Business Days prior to the 
Revolving Credit Maturity Date upon notice by the Borrower to the Swing 
Loan Lender given in accordance with this §2.5, such sums as are requested 
by the Borrower for the purposes set forth in §2.9 in an aggregate 
principal amount at any one time outstanding not exceeding the Swing Loan 
Commitment; provided that in all events (i) no Default or Event of Default 
shall have occurred and be continuing; and (ii) the outstanding principal 
amount of the Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Loans (after giving effect 
to all

49
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
amounts requested) plus Letter of Credit Liabilities shall not at any time 
exceed the lesser of (a) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and (b) the 
sum of (i) the Borrowing Base Availability, minus (ii) the sum of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans A and Term Loans B and, 
commencing on the Release of Security Date and continuing at all times 
thereafter, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Consolidated 
Total Unsecured Indebtedness (excluding the Loans and Letter of Credit 
Liabilities), or cause a violation of the covenant set forth in §9.1.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this §2.5, the Swing 
Loan Lender shall not be obligated to make any Swing Loan at a time when 
any other Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender, unless the Swing 
Loan Lender is satisfied that the participation therein will otherwise be 
fully allocated to the Revolving Credit Lenders that are Non-Defaulting 
Lenders consistent with §2.13(c) and the Defaulting Lender shall not 
participate therein, except to the extent the Swing Loan Lender has entered 
into arrangements with the Borrower or such Defaulting Lender that are 
satisfactory to the Swing Loan Lender in its good faith determination to 
eliminate the Swing Loan Lender’s Fronting Exposure with respect to any 
such Defaulting Lender, including the delivery of cash collateral.  Swing 
Loans shall constitute “Revolving Credit Loans” for all purposes hereunder. 
 The funding of a Swing Loan hereunder shall constitute a representation 
and warranty by the Borrower that all of the conditions set forth in §§10 
and 11 have been satisfied on the date of such funding.  The Swing Loan 
Lender may assume that the conditions in §§10 and 11 have been satisfied 
unless the Swing Loan Lender has received written notice from a Lender that 
such conditions have not been satisfied.  Each Swing Loan shall be due and 
payable within five (5) Business Days of the date such Swing Loan was 
provided and the Borrower hereby agrees (to the extent not repaid as 
contemplated by §2.5(d)) to repay each Swing Loan on or before the date 
that is five (5) Business Days from the date such Swing Loan was provided.  
A Swing Loan may not be refinanced with another Swing Loan.

(b)The Swing Loans shall be evidenced by a separate promissory note of the 
Borrower in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (the “Swing Loan 
Note”), dated the date of this Agreement and completed with appropriate 
insertions.  The Swing Loan Note shall be payable to the order of the Swing 
Loan Lender in the principal face amount equal to the Swing Loan Commitment 
and shall be payable as set forth below.  The Borrower irrevocably 
authorizes the Swing Loan Lender to make or cause to be made, at or about 
the time of the Drawdown Date of any Swing Loan or at the time of receipt 
of any payment of principal thereof, an appropriate notation on the Swing 
Loan Lender’s Record reflecting the making of such Swing Loan or (as the 
case may be) the receipt of such payment.  The outstanding amount of the 
Swing Loans set forth on the Swing Loan Lender’s Record shall be prima 
facie evidence of the principal amount thereof owing and unpaid to the 
Swing Loan Lender, but the failure to record, or any error in so recording, 
any such amount on the Swing Loan Lender’s Record shall not limit or 
otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under the 
Swing Loan Note to make payments of principal of or interest on any Swing 
Loan Note when due.  There shall not be deemed to have occurred, and there 
has not otherwise occurred, any payment, satisfaction or novation of the 
indebtedness, if any, evidenced by the “Swing Loan Note,” as defined in the 
Original Credit Agreement, which indebtedness is instead evidenced by the 
Swing Loan Note.  

(c)The Borrower shall request a Swing Loan by delivering to the Swing Loan 
Lender a Revolving Credit Loan Request executed by an Authorized Officer no 
later than 11:00 a.m.  (Cleveland time) on the requested Drawdown Date 
specifying the amount of the requested

50
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Swing Loan (which shall be in the minimum amount of $1,000,000.00 or an 
integral multiple of $100,000.00 in excess thereof) and providing the wire 
instructions for the delivery of the Swing Loan proceeds.  The Revolving 
Credit Loan Request shall also contain the statements and certifications 
required by §2.7(a), (b) and (c).  Each such Revolving Credit Loan Request 
shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower and shall obligate the 
Borrower to accept such Swing Loan on the Drawdown Date.  Notwithstanding 
anything herein to the contrary, a Swing Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan and 
shall bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin.  The 
proceeds of the Swing Loan will be disbursed by wire by the Swing Loan 
Lender to the Borrower no later than 1:00 p.m.  (Cleveland time).

(d)The Swing Loan Lender shall, within two (2) Business Days after the 
Drawdown Date with respect to such Swing Loan, request each Revolving 
Credit Lender to make a Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to §2.1 in an amount 
equal to such Revolving Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment 
Percentage of the amount of the Swing Loan outstanding on the date such 
notice is given.  In the event that the Borrower does not notify the Agent 
in writing otherwise on or before noon (Cleveland Time) on the Business Day 
of the Drawdown Date with respect to such Swing Loan, the Agent shall 
notify the Revolving Credit Lenders that such Revolving Credit Loan shall 
be a LIBOR Rate Loan with an Interest Period of one (1) month, provided 
that the making of such LIBOR Rate Loan will not be in contravention of any 
other provision of this Agreement, or if the making of a LIBOR Rate Loan 
would be in contravention of this Agreement, then such notice shall 
indicate that such loan shall be a Base Rate Loan.  The Borrower hereby 
irrevocably authorizes and directs the Swing Loan Lender to so act on its 
behalf, and agrees that any amount advanced to the Agent for the benefit of 
the Swing Loan Lender pursuant to this §2.5(d) shall be considered a 
Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to §2.1.  Unless any of the events described 
in §§12.1(g), 12.1(h) or 12.1(i) shall have occurred (in which event the 
procedures of §2.5(e) shall apply), each Revolving Credit Lender shall make 
the proceeds of its Revolving Credit Loan available to the Swing Loan 
Lender for the account of the Swing Loan Lender at the Agent’s Head Office 
prior to 12:00 noon (Cleveland time) in funds immediately available no 
later than one (1) Business Day after the date such request was made by the 
Swing Loan Lender just as if the Revolving Credit Lenders were funding 
directly to the Borrower, so that thereafter such Obligations shall be 
evidenced by the Revolving Credit Notes.  The proceeds of such Revolving 
Credit Loan shall be immediately applied to repay the Swing Loans.

(e)If for any reason a Swing Loan cannot be refinanced by a Revolving 
Credit Loan pursuant to §2.5(d), each Revolving Credit Lender will, on the 
date such Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to §2.5(d) was to have been made, 
purchase an undivided participation interest in the Swing Loan in an amount 
equal to its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of such Swing Loan.  
Each Revolving Credit Lender will immediately transfer to the Swing Loan 
Lender in immediately available funds the amount of its participation and 
upon receipt thereof the Swing Loan Lender will deliver to such Revolving 
Credit Lender a Swing Loan participation certificate dated the date of 
receipt of such funds and in such amount.

(f)Whenever at any time after the Swing Loan Lender has received from any 
Revolving Credit Lender such Revolving Credit Lender’s participation 
interest in a Swing Loan, the Swing Loan Lender receives any payment on 
account thereof, the Swing Loan Lender will distribute to such Revolving 
Credit Lender its participation interest in such amount

51
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(appropriately adjusted in the case of interest payments to reflect the 
period of time during which such Revolving Credit Lender’s participating 
interest was outstanding and funded); provided, however, that in the event 
that such payment received by the Swing Loan Lender is required to be 
returned, such Revolving Credit Lender will return to the Swing Loan Lender 
any portion thereof previously distributed by the Swing Loan Lender to it.

(g)Each Lender’s obligation to fund a Loan as provided in §2.5(d) or to 
purchase participation interests pursuant to §2.5(e) shall be absolute and 
unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including, 
without limitation, (a) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or 
other right which such Revolving Credit Lender or the Borrower may have 
against the Swing Loan Lender, the Borrower or anyone else for any reason 
whatsoever; (b) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of 
Default; (c) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of REIT or any of its Subsidiaries; (d) any breach of this Agreement or any 
of the other Loan Documents by the Borrower or any Guarantor or any Lender; 
or (e) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or 
not similar to any of the foregoing.  Any portions of a Swing Loan not so 
purchased or converted may be treated by the Agent and the Swing Loan 
Lender as against such Revolving Credit Lender as a Revolving Credit Loan 
which was not funded by the non‑purchasing Lender, thereby making such 
Revolving Credit Lender a Defaulting Lender.  Each Swing Loan, once so sold 
or converted, shall cease to be a Swing Loan for the purposes of this 
Agreement, but shall be a Revolving Credit Loan made by each Revolving 
Credit Lender under its Commitment.

Interest on Loans

.

(a)Each Revolving Credit Base Rate Loan shall bear interest for the period 
commencing with the Drawdown Date thereof and ending on the date on which 
such Revolving Credit Base Rate Loan is repaid or converted to a Revolving 
Credit LIBOR Rate Loan at the rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base 
Rate plus the Applicable Margin.

(b)Each Revolving Credit LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest for the period 
commencing with the Drawdown Date thereof and ending on the last day of 
each Interest Period with respect thereto at the rate per annum equal to 
the sum of LIBOR determined for such Interest Period plus the Applicable 
Margin.

(c)Each Term A Base Rate Loan shall bear interest for the period commencing 
with the Drawdown Date thereof and ending on the date on which such Term A 
Base Rate Loan is repaid or converted to a Term A LIBOR Rate Loan at the 
rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base Rate plus the Applicable 
Margin.

(d)Each Term A LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest for the period 
commencing with the Drawdown Date thereof and ending on the last day of 
each Interest Period with respect thereto at the rate per annum equal to 
the sum of LIBOR determined for such Interest Period plus the Applicable 
Margin.

(e)Each Term B Base Rate Loan shall bear interest for the period commencing 
with the Drawdown Date thereof and ending on the date on which such Term B

52
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Base Rate Loan is repaid or converted to a Term B LIBOR Rate Loan at the 
rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base Rate plus the Applicable 
Margin.

(f)Each Term B LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest for the period 
commencing with the Drawdown Date thereof and ending on the last day of 
each Interest Period with respect thereto at the rate per annum equal to 
the sum of LIBOR determined for such Interest Period plus the Applicable 
Margin.

(g)The Borrower promises to pay interest on each Loan in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date with respect thereto.

(h)Base Rate Loans and LIBOR Rate Loans may be converted to Loans of the 
other Type as provided in §4.1.

Requests for Loans

.  

(a)The Borrower shall give to the Agent written notice executed by an 
Authorized Officer in the form of Exhibit D hereto (or telephonic notice 
confirmed in writing in the form of Exhibit D hereto) of each Revolving 
Credit Loan requested hereunder (a “Revolving Credit Loan Request”) by 
11:00 a.m.  (Cleveland time) one (1) Business Day prior to the proposed 
Drawdown Date with respect to Base Rate Loans and three (3) Business Days 
prior to the proposed Drawdown Date with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans.  Each 
such notice shall specify with respect to the requested Revolving Credit 
Loan the proposed principal amount of such Revolving Credit Loan, the Type 
of Revolving Credit Loan, the initial Interest Period (if applicable) for 
such Revolving Credit Loan and the Drawdown Date.  Each such notice shall 
also contain a general statement as to the purpose for which such advance 
shall be used (which purpose shall be in accordance with the terms of 
§2.9).  Promptly upon receipt of any such notice, the Agent shall notify 
each of the Revolving Credit Lenders thereof.  Each such Revolving Credit 
Loan Request shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower and shall 
obligate the Borrower to accept the Revolving Credit Loan requested from 
the Revolving Credit Lenders on the proposed Drawdown Date.  Nothing herein 
shall prevent the Borrower from seeking recourse against any Revolving 
Credit Lender that fails to advance its proportionate share of a requested 
Revolving Credit Loan as required by this Agreement.  Each Revolving Credit 
Loan Request shall be (a) for a Base Rate Loan in a minimum aggregate 
amount of $1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple of $100,000.00 in excess 
thereof; or (b) for a LIBOR Rate Loan in a minimum aggregate amount of 
$1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple of $100,000.00 in excess thereof; 
provided, however, that there shall be no more than nine (9) LIBOR Rate 
Loans relating to Revolving Credit Loans outstanding at any one time.

(b)The Borrower shall give to the Agent written notice executed by an 
Authorized Officer in the form of Exhibit E hereto (or telephonic notice 
confirmed in writing in the form of Exhibit E hereto) of each Term Loan 
requested hereunder (a “Term Loan Request”) by 11:00 a.m. (Cleveland time) 
one (1) Business Day prior to the proposed Drawdown Date with respect to 
Base Rate Loans and three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed Drawdown 
Date with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans.  Each such notice shall specify with 
respect to the requested Term Loan the proposed principal amount of such 
Term Loan, the Type of Term Loan, the initial Interest Period (if 
applicable) for such Term Loan and the Drawdown Date.  Each such notice

53
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
shall also contain a general statement as to the purpose for which such 
advance shall be used (which purpose shall be in accordance with the terms 
of §2.9).  Promptly upon receipt of any such notice, the Agent shall notify 
each of the applicable Term Loan Lenders thereof.  Each such Term Loan 
Request shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower and shall obligate 
the Borrower to accept the applicable Term Loan requested from the 
applicable Term Loan Lenders on the proposed Drawdown Date.  Nothing herein 
shall prevent the Borrower from seeking recourse against any applicable 
Term Loan Lender that fails to advance its proportionate share of a 
requested Term Loan as required by this Agreement.  Each Term Loan Request 
shall be (a) for a Base Rate Loan in a minimum aggregate amount of 
$1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple of $100,000.00 in excess thereof; or 
(b) for a LIBOR Rate Loan in a minimum aggregate amount of $1,000,000.00 or 
an integral multiple of $100,000.00 in excess thereof; provided, however, 
that there shall be no more than three (3) LIBOR Rate Loans relating to 
Term Loans A and Term Loans B, respectively, outstanding at any one time.

Funds for Loans

.

(a)Not later than 1:00 p.m.  (Cleveland time) on the proposed Drawdown Date 
of any Loans, each of the applicable Lenders will make available to the 
Agent, at the Agent’s Head Office, in immediately available funds, the 
amount of such Lender’s applicable Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage, 
Term Loan A Commitment Percentage or Term Loan B Commitment Percentage of 
the amount of the requested Loans which may be disbursed pursuant to §2.1 
or §2.2.  Upon receipt from each such Lender of such amount, and upon 
receipt of the documents required by §§10 and 11, §2.11 (if applicable) and 
the satisfaction of the other conditions set forth therein, to the extent 
applicable, the Agent will make available to the Borrower the aggregate 
amount of such Loans made available to the Agent by the Lenders, as 
applicable, by crediting such amount to the account of the Borrower 
maintained at the Agent’s Head Office.  The failure or refusal of any 
Lender to make available to the Agent at the aforesaid time and place on 
any Drawdown Date the amount of its applicable Revolving Credit Commitment 
Percentage, Term Loan A Commitment Percentage or Term Loan B Commitment 
Percentage of the requested Loans shall not relieve any other Lender from 
its several obligation hereunder to make available to the Agent the amount 
of such other Lender’s applicable Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage, 
Term Loan A Commitment Percentage or Term Loan B Commitment Percentage of 
any requested Loans, including any additional Loans that may be requested 
subject to the terms and conditions hereof to provide funds to replace 
those not advanced by the Lender so failing or refusing.

(b)Unless the Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to the 
applicable Drawdown Date that such Lender will not make available to the 
Agent such Lender’s applicable Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage, Term 
Loan A Commitment Percentage or Term Loan B Commitment Percentage of a 
proposed Loan, the Agent may in its discretion assume that such Lender has 
made such Loan available to the Agent in accordance with the provisions of 
this Agreement and the Agent may, if it chooses, in reliance upon such 
assumption make such Loan available to the Borrower, and such Lender shall 
be liable to the Agent for the amount of such advance.  If such Lender does 
not pay such corresponding amount upon the Agent’s demand therefor, the 
Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, and the Borrower shall promptly 
pay such corresponding amount to the Agent.  The Agent shall also be 
entitled to recover from the Lender or the Borrower, as the case may be, 
interest on such corresponding

54
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
amount in respect of each day from the date such corresponding amount was 
made available by the Agent to the Borrower to the date such corresponding 
amount is recovered by the Agent at a per annum rate equal to (i) from the 
Borrower at the applicable rate for such Loan or (ii) from a Lender at the 
Federal Funds Effective Rate plus one percent (1%).

Use of Proceeds

.  The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans solely for (a) payment 
of closing costs in connection with this Agreement, (b) repayment of 
Indebtedness, (c) acquisitions of fee simple ownership of Real Estate or 
Real Estate subject to a Ground Lease or Mortgage Note Receivables, and (d) 
general corporate and working capital purposes.

Letters of Credit

.

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, at any 
time and from time to time from the Closing Date through the day that is 
thirty (30) days prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, the Issuing 
Lender shall issue such Letters of Credit as the Borrower may request upon 
the delivery of a written request in the form of Exhibit F hereto (a “
Letter of Credit Request”) to the Issuing Lender, provided that (i) no 
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) 
upon issuance of such Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Liabilities 
shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Commitment, (iii) in no event shall 
the sum of the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans, 
Swing Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities (after giving effect to any 
requested Letters of Credit) exceed the lesser of the Total Revolving 
Credit Commitment and (y) the sum of (A) the Borrowing Base Availability 
less (B) the sum of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans A 
and Term Loans B and commencing on the Release of Security Date and 
continuing at all times thereafter, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Consolidated Total Unsecured Indebtedness (excluding the 
Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities), or cause a violation of the 
covenant set forth in §9.1, (iv) the conditions set forth in §§10 and 11 
shall have been satisfied, and (v) in no event shall any amount drawn under 
a Letter of Credit be available for reinstatement or a subsequent drawing 
under such Letter of Credit.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this §2.10, the Issuing Lender shall not be obligated to 
issue, amend, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit at a time when 
any other Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender, unless the 
Issuing Lender is satisfied that the participation therein will otherwise 
be fully allocated to the Revolving Credit Lenders that are Non-Defaulting 
Lenders consistent with §2.13(c) and the Defaulting Lender shall have no 
participation therein, except to the extent the Issuing Lender has entered 
into arrangements with the Borrower or such Defaulting Lender which are 
satisfactory to the Issuing Lender in its good faith determination to 
eliminate the Issuing Lender’s Fronting Exposure with respect to any such 
Defaulting Lender, including the delivery of cash collateral.  The Issuing 
Lender may assume that the conditions in §§10 and 11 have been satisfied 
unless it receives written notice from a Lender that such conditions have 
not been satisfied.  Each Letter of Credit Request shall be executed by an 
Authorized Officer of the Borrower.  The Issuing Lender shall be entitled 
to conclusively rely on such Person’s authority to request a Letter of 
Credit on behalf of the Borrower.  The Issuing Lender shall have no duty to 
verify the authenticity of any signature appearing on a Letter of Credit 
Request.  The Borrower assumes all risks with respect to the use of the 
Letters of Credit.  Unless the Issuing Lender and the Agent otherwise 
consent, the term of any Letter of Credit shall not exceed a period of time 
commencing on the issuance of the Letter of Credit and ending one year 
after the date of issuance thereof, subject to extension pursuant to an 
“evergreen” clause

55
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
acceptable to the Agent and the Issuing Lender (but in any event the term 
shall not extend beyond five (5) Business Days prior to the Revolving 
Credit Maturity Date).  The amount available to be drawn under any Letter 
of Credit shall reduce on a dollar-for-dollar basis the amount available to 
be drawn under the Total Revolving Credit Commitment as a Revolving Credit 
Loan.

(b)Each Letter of Credit Request shall be submitted to the Issuing Lender 
at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as the Issuing 
Lender may approve) prior to the date upon which the requested Letter of 
Credit is to be issued.  Each such Letter of Credit Request shall contain a 
statement as to the purpose for which such Letter of Credit shall be used 
(which purpose shall be in accordance with the terms of this Agreement).  
The Borrower shall further deliver to the Issuing Lender such additional 
applications (which application as of the date hereof is in the form of 
Exhibit G attached hereto) and documents as the Issuing Lender may require, 
in conformity with the then standard practices of its letter of credit 
department, in connection with the issuance of such Letter of Credit; 
provided that in the event of any conflict, the terms of this Agreement 
shall control.

(c)The Issuing Lender shall, subject to the conditions set forth in this 
Agreement, issue the Letter of Credit on or before five (5) Business Days 
following receipt of the documents last due pursuant to §2.10(b).  Each 
Letter of Credit shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
the Issuing Lender in its reasonable discretion.

(d)Upon the issuance of a Letter of Credit, each Revolving Credit Lender 
shall be deemed to have purchased a participation therein from the Issuing 
Lender in an amount equal to its respective Revolving Credit Commitment 
Percentage of the amount of such Letter of Credit.  No Revolving Credit 
Lender’s obligation to participate in a Letter of Credit shall be affected 
by any other Revolving Credit Lender’s failure to perform as required 
herein with respect to such Letter of Credit or any other Letter of Credit.

(e)Upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall pay to 
the Issuing Lender (i) for its own account, a Letter of Credit fronting fee 
calculated at the rate equal to one-eighth of one percent (0.125%) per 
annum of the face amount of such Letter of Credit (which fee shall not be 
less than $1,500 in any event) and an administrative charge of $250, and 
(ii) for the accounts of the Revolving Credit Lenders that are 
Non-Defaulting Lenders (including the Issuing Lender) in accordance with 
their respective percentage shares of participation in such Letter of 
Credit, a Letter of Credit fee calculated at the rate per annum equal to 
the Applicable Margin then applicable to LIBOR Rate Loans on the face 
amount of such Letter of Credit.  Such fees shall be payable in quarterly 
installments in arrears with respect to each Letter of Credit on the first 
day of each calendar quarter following the date of issuance and continuing 
on each quarter or portion thereof thereafter, as applicable, or on any 
earlier date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments shall terminate and 
on the expiration or return of any Letter of Credit.  In addition, the 
Borrower shall pay to the Issuing Lender for its own account within five 
(5) days of demand of the Issuing Lender the standard issuance, 
documentation and service charges for Letters of Credit issued from time to 
time by the Issuing Lender.

(f)In the event that any amount is drawn under a Letter of Credit by the 
beneficiary thereof, the Borrower shall reimburse the Issuing Lender by 
having such amount

56
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
drawn treated as an outstanding Revolving Credit Base Rate Loan under this 
Agreement (the Borrower being deemed to have requested a Revolving Credit 
Base Rate Loan on such date in an amount equal to the amount of such 
drawing and such amount drawn shall be treated as an outstanding Revolving 
Credit Base Rate Loan under this Agreement) and the Agent shall promptly 
notify each Revolving Credit Lender by telecopy, email, telephone 
(confirmed in writing) or other similar means of transmission, and each 
Revolving Credit Lender shall promptly and unconditionally pay to the 
Agent, for the Issuing Lender’s own account, an amount equal to such 
Revolving Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of such 
Letter of Credit (to the extent of the amount drawn).  If and to the extent 
any Revolving Credit Lender shall not make such amount available on the 
Business Day on which such draw is funded, such Revolving Credit Lender 
agrees to pay such amount to the Agent forthwith on demand, together with 
interest thereon, for each day from the date on which such draw was funded 
until the date on which such amount is paid to the Agent, at the Federal 
Funds Effective Rate until three (3) days after the date on which the Agent 
gives notice of such draw and at the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus one 
percent (1%) for each day thereafter.  Further, such Revolving Credit 
Lender shall be deemed to have assigned any and all payments made of 
principal and interest on its Revolving Credit Loans, amounts due with 
respect to its participations in Letters of Credit and any other amounts 
due to it hereunder to the Agent to fund the amount of any drawn Letter of 
Credit which such Revolving Credit Lender was required to fund pursuant to 
this §2.10(f) until such amount has been funded (as a result of such 
assignment or otherwise).  In the event of any such failure or refusal, the 
Revolving Credit Lenders not so failing or refusing shall be entitled to a 
priority secured position for such amounts as provided in §12.5.  The 
failure of any Revolving Credit Lender to make funds available to the Agent 
in such amount shall not relieve any other Revolving Credit Lender of its 
obligation hereunder to make funds available to the Agent pursuant to this 
§2.10(f).

(g)If after the issuance of a Letter of Credit pursuant to §2.10(c) by the 
Issuing Lender, but prior to the funding of any portion thereof by a 
Revolving Credit Lender, for any reason a drawing under a Letter of Credit 
cannot be refinanced as a Revolving Credit Loan, each Revolving Credit 
Lender will, on the date such Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to §2.10(f) 
was to have been made, purchase an undivided participation interest in the 
Letter of Credit in an amount equal to its Revolving Credit Commitment 
Percentage of the amount of such Letter of Credit.  Each Revolving Credit 
Lender will immediately transfer to the Issuing Lender in immediately 
available funds the amount of its participation and upon receipt thereof 
the Issuing Lender will deliver to such Revolving Credit Lender a Letter of 
Credit participation certificate dated the date of receipt of such funds 
and in such amount.

(h)Whenever at any time after the Issuing Lender has received from any 
Revolving Credit Lender any such Revolving Credit Lender’s payment of funds 
under a Letter of Credit and thereafter the Issuing Lender receives any 
payment on account thereof, then the Issuing Lender will distribute to such 
Revolving Credit Lender its participation interest in such amount 
(appropriately adjusted in the case of interest payments to reflect the 
period of time during which such Revolving Credit Lender’s participation 
interest was outstanding and funded); provided, however, that in the event 
that such payment received by the Issuing Lender is required to be 
returned, such Revolving Credit Lender will return to the Issuing Lender 
any portion thereof previously distributed by the Issuing Lender to it.

57
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(i)The issuance of any supplement, modification, amendment, renewal or 
extension to or of any Letter of Credit shall be treated in all respects 
the same as the issuance of a new Letter of Credit.

(j)The Borrower assumes all risks of the acts, omissions, or misuse of any 
Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereof.  Neither the Agent, the 
Issuing Lender nor any Lender will be responsible for (i) the form, 
validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any Letter 
of Credit or any document submitted by any party in connection with the 
issuance of any Letter of Credit, even if such document should in fact 
prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, 
fraudulent or forged; (ii) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, 
genuineness or legal effect of any instrument transferring or assigning or 
purporting to transfer or assign any Letter of Credit or the rights or 
benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof in whole or in part, which may 
prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (iii) failure of any 
beneficiary of any Letter of Credit to comply fully with the conditions 
required in order to demand payment under a Letter of Credit; (iv) errors, 
omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any 
messages, by mail, cable, telecopy, email or otherwise; (v) errors in 
interpretation of technical terms; (vi) any loss or delay in the 
transmission or otherwise of any document or draft required by or from a 
beneficiary in order to make a disbursement under a Letter of Credit or the 
proceeds thereof; (vii) for the misapplication by the beneficiary of any 
Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of 
Credit; and (viii) for any consequences arising from causes beyond the 
control of the Agent or any Lender.  None of the foregoing will affect, 
impair or prevent the vesting of any of the rights or powers granted to the 
Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Lenders hereunder.  In furtherance and 
extension and not in limitation or derogation of any of the foregoing, any 
act taken or omitted to be taken by the Agent, the Issuing Lender or the 
other Lenders in good faith will be binding on the Borrower and will not 
put the Agent, the Issuing Lender or the other Lenders under any resulting 
liability to the Borrower; provided nothing contained herein shall relieve 
the Issuing Lender for liability to the Borrower arising as a result of the 
gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Issuing Lender as determined 
by a court of competent jurisdiction after the exhaustion of all applicable 
appeal periods.

Increase in Total Commitment

(a).  (a) Provided that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this §2.11, 
the Borrower shall have the option, subject to Agent’s prior written 
consent, at any time and from time to time, before the Revolving Credit 
Maturity Date to request one or more increases in the Total Revolving 
Credit Commitment, at any time and from time to time before the Term Loan A 
Maturity Date to request an increase in the Total Term Loan A Commitment, 
and at any time prior to the first to occur of the Release of Security Date 
and June 30, 2020 to request an increase in the Total Term Loan B 
Commitment, to an aggregate amount of not more than $700,000,000.00 by 
giving written notice to the Agent (each, an “Increase Notice”; and the 
amount of such requested increase is a “Commitment Increase”); provided 
that any such individual increase to any portion of the Commitments must be 
in a minimum amount of $10,000,000.00 and increments of $5,000,000.00 in 
excess thereof unless otherwise approved by the Agent in its sole 
discretion.  Upon receipt of any Increase Notice, the Agent shall consult 
with KBCM and shall notify the Borrower of the amount of the facility fees 
to be paid to any Lenders who increase their respective applicable 
Commitment in connection with such increase in the Total Commitment (which 
shall be in addition to the fees to be paid to KBCM pursuant to

58
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the Agreement Regarding Fees).  If the Borrower agrees to pay the facility 
fees so determined, the Agent shall send a notice to all Lenders (each, an 
“Additional Commitment Request Notice”) informing them of the Borrower’s 
request to increase the Total Commitment, the portion or portions of the 
Total Commitment to be increased and of the facility fees to be paid with 
respect thereto.  Each Lender who desires to increase its applicable 
Commitment (or with respect to the initial Term Loan B Commitments, to 
activate such Term Loan B Commitments) upon such terms shall provide the 
Agent with a written commitment letter specifying the amount of such 
increase or initial activation, as applicable, which it is willing to 
provide prior to such deadline as may be specified in the Additional 
Commitment Request Notice.  If the requested increase is oversubscribed 
then the Agent and KBCM shall allocate the Commitment Increase among the 
Lenders who provide such commitment letters on such basis as the Agent and 
KBCM shall determine in their sole discretion.  If the increases to the 
applicable Commitments so provided are not sufficient to provide the full 
amount of the Commitment Increase requested by the Borrower, then the 
Agent, Arranger or the Borrower may, but shall not be obligated to, invite 
one or more banks or lending institutions (which banks or lending 
institutions shall be acceptable to the Agent, KBCM and the Borrower) to 
become a Lender and provide an additional Commitment.  The Agent shall 
provide all Lenders with a notice setting forth the amount, if any, of the 
additional Commitment to be provided by each Lender and the revised 
applicable Commitment Percentages which shall be applicable after the 
effective date of the Commitment Increase specified therein (each, a 
“Commitment Increase Date”).  In no event shall any Lender be obligated to 
increase any portion of its Commitment or to have a Term Loan B Commitment.

(b)On any Commitment Increase Date involving an increase to the Revolving 
Credit Commitment, the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving 
Credit Loans shall be reallocated among the Revolving Credit Lenders such 
that after the applicable Commitment Increase Date the outstanding 
principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans owed to each Revolving Credit 
Lender shall be equal to such Revolving Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit 
Commitment Percentage (as in effect after the applicable Commitment 
Increase Date) of the outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Credit 
Loans.  The participation interests of the Revolving Credit Lenders in 
Swing Loans and Letters of Credit shall be similarly adjusted.  On any 
Commitment Increase Date, each of those Revolving Credit Lenders whose 
Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage is increasing shall advance the 
funds to the Agent and the funds so advanced shall be distributed among the 
Revolving Credit Lenders whose Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage is 
decreasing as necessary to accomplish the required reallocation of the 
outstanding Revolving Credit Loans.  The funds so advanced shall be 
Revolving Credit Base Rate Loans until converted to Revolving Credit LIBOR 
Rate Loans which are allocated among all Revolving Credit Lenders based on 
their Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages.

(c)Upon the effective date of each increase in the Total Commitment 
pursuant to this §2.11, the Agent shall unilaterally revise Schedule 1.1 
in its own records to reflect the name and address, Commitment and 
Commitment Percentage (including the components thereof) of each Lender 
following such increase and the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the 
Agent new Revolving Credit Notes, Term Loan A Notes, and Term Loan B Notes, 
as applicable, for each Lender whose Commitment has changed so that the 
principal amount of such Revolving Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit Note 
shall equal its Revolving Credit Commitment, such Term Loan A Lender’s Term 
Loan A Note shall equal its Term Loan A Commitment and such Term Loan B 
Lender’s Term Loan B Note shall equal its Term Loan B

59
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Commitment.  The Agent shall deliver such replacement Revolving Credit 
Notes, Term Loan A Notes and Term Loan B Notes to the respective Lenders in 
exchange for the Revolving Credit Notes, Term Loan A Notes and Term Loan B 
Notes replaced thereby which shall be surrendered by such Lenders.  Such 
new Revolving Credit Notes, Term Loan A Notes and Term Loan B Notes shall 
provide that they are replacements for the surrendered Revolving Credit 
Notes, Term A Loan Notes or Term Loan B Notes (to the extent Term Loan B 
Notes have previously been delivered), as applicable, and that they do not 
constitute a novation, shall be dated as of the applicable Commitment 
Increase Date and shall otherwise be in substantially the form of the 
replaced Revolving Credit Notes, Term Loan A Notes or Term Loan B Notes (to 
the extent Term Loan B Notes have previously been delivered, or if not 
previously delivered, then in the form of Exhibit B-3  attached hereto), as 
applicable.  Simultaneously with such increase, the Borrower shall deliver 
an opinion of counsel, addressed to the Lenders and the Agent, relating to 
the due authorization, execution and delivery of such new Notes and the 
enforceability thereof, in form and substance substantially similar to the 
opinion delivered in connection with the first disbursement under this 
Agreement.  Any surrendered Notes shall be canceled and returned to the 
Borrower.

(d)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the 
obligation of the Agent and the Lenders to increase the Total Commitment 
pursuant to this §2.11 shall be conditioned upon satisfaction of the 
following conditions precedent which must be satisfied prior to the 
effectiveness of any increase of the Total Commitment:

(i)Payment of Activation Fee.  The Borrower shall pay (A) to the Agent and 
KBCM those fees described in and contemplated by the Agreement Regarding 
Fees with respect to the applicable Commitment Increase, and (B) to KBCM 
such facility fees as the Revolving Credit Lenders, Term Loan A Lenders or 
Term Loan B Lenders, as applicable, who are providing an additional 
Revolving Credit Commitment, Term Loan A Commitment or Term Loan B 
Commitment, or increasing their respective Revolving Credit Commitment, 
Term Loan A Commitment or Term Loan B Commitment, may require to increase 
the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment, Term Loan A Commitment or Term 
Loan B Commitment, which fees shall, when paid, be fully earned and 
non-refundable under any circumstances.  KBCM shall pay to the Lenders 
acquiring the applicable Commitment Increase certain fees pursuant to their 
separate agreement; and

(ii)No Default.  On the date any Increase Notice is given and on the date 
such increase becomes effective, both immediately before and after the 
Total Revolving Credit Commitment, Total Term Loan A Commitment or Total 
Term Loan B Commitment, as applicable, is increased, there shall exist no 
Default or Event of Default; and

(iii)Representations True.  The representations and warranties made by the 
Borrower and the Guarantors in the Loan Documents or otherwise made by or 
on behalf of the Borrower or the Guarantors in connection therewith or 
after the date thereof shall have been true and correct in all material 
respects when made and shall also be true and correct in all material 
respects on the date of such Increase Notice and on the date the Total 
Revolving Credit Commitment, Total Term Loan A Commitment or Total Term 
Loan B Commitment, as applicable, is increased, both immediately before and 
after the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, Total Term Loan A Commitment 
or Total Term Loan B Commitment, as

60
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
applicable, is increased (it being understood and agreed that any 
representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified 
date shall be required to be true and correct only as of such specified 
date); and

(iv)Additional Documents and Expenses.  The Borrower and the Guarantors 
shall execute and deliver to the Agent and the Lenders such additional 
documents (including, without limitation, amendments to the Loan Documents 
to provide that the Collateral secures the same, unless the Collateral has 
been released in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and the 
Guaranty guarantees the same), instruments, certifications and opinions as 
the Agent may reasonably require (including, without limitation, in the 
case of the Borrower, a Compliance Certificate and Borrowing Base 
Certificate, demonstrating compliance with all covenants, representations 
and warranties set forth in the Loan Documents after giving effect to the 
increase) and the Borrower shall pay the cost of any title searches, 
updated UCC searches, all recording costs and fees, and any and all 
intangible taxes or other documentary taxes, assessments or charges or any 
similar fees, taxes or expenses which are incurred by the Agent, KBCM or 
the Lenders in connection with such increase; and

(v)Other.  The Borrower shall satisfy such other conditions to such 
increase as the Agent may require in its reasonable discretion.

(e)In the event of the initial increase of the Term Loan B Commitment, the 
Borrower, the Guarantors, the Agent and the Lenders providing such initial 
Term Loan B Commitment shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents, as is necessary, to evidence such increase of the 
Term Loan B Commitment or to have it be guaranteed and secured by the other 
Loan Documents (the “Term Loan B Commitment Amendment”), and all Lenders 
not providing the initial Term Loan B Commitments hereby consent to such 
limited scope amendment without future consent rights, provided that any 
such amendment regarding the Term Loan B shall provide that: (A) the final 
maturity date of the Term Loan B Commitment shall be no earlier than the 
Term Loan A Maturity Date, (B) there shall be no scheduled amortization of 
the loans or reductions of commitments under the Term Loan B Maturity Date 
and (C) the Term Loans B will rank pari passu in right of payment and with 
respect to security with the existing Revolving Credit Loans and the 
existing Term Loans A and the borrower and guarantors of the Term Loans B 
shall be the same as the Borrower and Guarantors with respect to the 
existing Revolving Credit Loans and Term Loans A, (D) the interest rate 
margin, rate floors, fees, original issue discount and premium applicable 
to the Term Loan B shall be determined by the Borrower and the Term Loan B 
Lenders, (E) the Term Loans B may participate on a pro rata or less than 
pro rata (but not greater than pro rata) basis in voluntary or mandatory 
prepayments with the Revolving Credit Loans and Term Loans A as shall be 
determined by the Borrower and the Term Loan B Lenders, and (F) the terms 
of the Term Loan B Commitment shall be substantially identical to the terms 
set forth herein with respect to Term Loan A Commitment (except as set 
forth in clauses (A) through (E) above).  In connection with the initial 
increase of the Term Loan B Commitment, the Borrower, the Guarantors, the 
Agent and each Term Loan B Lender shall execute and deliver to the Agent 
the Term Loan B Commitment Amendment and such other documentation as the 
Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence, guarantee or secure the 
increase of the Term Loan B Commitment including evidence of authority to 
borrow, certifications and opinions as the Agent may reasonably require.  
The Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of

61
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the Term Loan B Commitment Amendment.  The Term Loan B Commitment 
Amendment, without the consent of any other Lender, may effect such 
amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be 
necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, the Term 
Loan B Lenders and the Borrower, to implement the terms of Term Loan B 
Commitment, including any amendments necessary to establish the Term Loan B 
Commitment, and such other technical amendments as may be necessary or 
appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, the Term Loan B Lenders 
and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such Term Loan B 
Commitment.

Extension of Revolving Credit Maturity Date

.  The Borrower shall have the one-time right and option to extend the 
Revolving Credit Maturity Date to February 10, 2022, upon satisfaction of 
the following conditions precedent, which must be satisfied prior to the 
effectiveness of any extension of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date:

(a)Extension Request.  The Borrower shall deliver written notice of such 
request (the “Extension Request”) to the Agent not earlier than the date 
which is one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the Revolving Credit 
Maturity Date (as determined without regard to such extension) and not 
later than sixty (60) days prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

(b)Payment of Extension Fee.  The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the 
pro rata accounts of the Lenders in accordance with their respective 
Commitments an extension fee in an amount equal to fifteen (15) basis 
points on the Total Revolving Credit Commitment in effect on the Revolving 
Credit Maturity Date (as determined without regard to such extension), 
which fee shall, when paid, be fully earned and non-refundable under any 
circumstances.

(c)No Default.  On the date the Extension Request is given and on the 
Revolving Credit Maturity Date (as determined without regard to such 
extension) there shall exist no Default or Event of Default.

(d)Representations and Warranties.  The representations and warranties made 
by the Borrower and the Guarantors in the Loan Documents or otherwise made 
by or on behalf of the Borrower and the Guarantors in connection therewith 
or after the date thereof shall have been true and correct in all material 
respects when made and shall also be true and correct in all material 
respects on the date the Extension Request is given and on the Revolving 
Credit Maturity Date (as determined without regard to such extension) (it 
being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by 
its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and 
correct only as of such specified date).

(e)Additional Documents and Expenses.  The Borrower and the Guarantors 
shall execute and deliver to the Agent and Lenders such additional 
opinions, consents and affirmations and other documents (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the Loan Documents) as the Agent may reasonably 
require, and the Borrower shall pay the cost of any title searches, 
endorsement or any update of UCC searches, recordings costs and fees, and 
any and all intangible taxes or other documentary taxes, assessments or 
charges or any other fees, taxes, charges or expenses which are required to 
be paid in connection with such extension.

62
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Defaulting Lenders

.

(a)If for any reason any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, then, in 
addition to the rights and remedies that may be available to the Agent or 
the Borrower under this Agreement or Applicable Law, such Defaulting 
Lender’s right to participate in the administration of the Loans, this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation, any 
right to vote in respect of, to consent to or to direct any action or 
inaction of the Agent or to be taken into account in the calculation of the 
Required Lenders, the Borrowing Base Majority Lenders, the Required 
Revolving Credit Lenders, the Required Term Loan A Lenders, the Required 
Term Loan B Lenders, all of the Lenders or affected Lenders, shall, except 
as specifically provided in §27, be suspended during the pendency of such 
failure or refusal.  If a Lender is a Defaulting Lender because it has 
failed to make timely payment to the Agent of any amount required to be 
paid to the Agent hereunder (without giving effect to any notice or cure 
periods), in addition to other rights and remedies which the Agent or the 
Borrower may have under the immediately preceding provisions or otherwise, 
the Agent shall be entitled (i) to collect interest from such Defaulting 
Lender on such delinquent payment for the period from the date on which the 
payment was due until the date on which the payment is made at the Federal 
Funds Effective Rate plus one percent (1%), (ii) to withhold or setoff and 
to apply in satisfaction of the defaulted payment and any related interest, 
any amounts otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender under this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document and (iii) to bring an action or suit 
against such Defaulting Lender in a court of competent jurisdiction to 
recover the defaulted amount and any related interest.  Any amounts 
received by the Agent in respect of a Defaulting Lender’s Loans shall be 
applied as set forth in §2.13(d).

(b)Any Non-Defaulting Lender may, but shall not be obligated, in its sole 
discretion, to acquire all or a portion of a Defaulting Lender’s 
Commitments.  Any Lender desiring to exercise such right shall give written 
notice thereof to the Agent and the Borrower no sooner than two (2) 
Business Days and not later than five (5) Business Days after such 
Defaulting Lender became a Defaulting Lender.  If more than one Lender 
exercises such right, each such Lender shall have the right to acquire an 
amount of such Defaulting Lender’s Commitments in proportion to the 
Commitments of the other Lenders exercising such right.  If after such 
fifth Business Day, the Lenders have not elected to purchase all of the 
Commitments of such Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower (so long as no 
Default or Event of Default exists) or the Required Lenders may, by giving 
written notice thereof to the Agent, such Defaulting Lender and the other 
Lenders, demand that such Defaulting Lender assign its Commitments to an 
eligible assignee subject to and in accordance with the provisions of §18.1 
for the purchase price provided for below.  No party hereto shall have any 
obligation whatsoever to initiate any such replacement or to assist in 
finding an eligible assignee.  Upon any such purchase or assignment, and 
any such demand with respect to which the conditions specified in §18.1 
have been satisfied, the Defaulting Lender’s interest in the Loans and its 
rights hereunder (but not its liability in respect thereof or under the 
Loan Documents or this Agreement to the extent the same relate to the 
period prior to the effective date of the purchase) shall terminate on the 
date of purchase, and the Defaulting Lender shall promptly execute all 
documents reasonably requested to surrender and transfer such interest to 
the purchaser or assignee thereof, including an appropriate Assignment and 
Acceptance Agreement.  The purchase price for the Commitments of a 
Defaulting Lender shall be equal to the amount of the principal balance of 
the Loans outstanding and owed by the Borrower to the Defaulting Lender 
plus any accrued but unpaid interest thereon

63
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
and accrued but unpaid fees.  Prior to payment of such purchase price to a 
Defaulting Lender, the Agent shall apply against such purchase price any 
amounts retained by the Agent pursuant to §2.13(d).

(c)During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, all or any part 
of such Defaulting Lender’s obligation to acquire, refinance or fund 
participations in Letters of Credit pursuant to §2.10(g) or Swing Loans 
pursuant to §2.5(e) shall be reallocated among the Revolving Credit Lenders 
that are Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective 
Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages (computed without giving effect to 
the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Defaulting Lender); provided that 
(i) each such reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the 
applicable Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, no Default or Event of 
Default exists, (ii) the conditions set forth in §§10 and 11 are satisfied 
at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have 
notified the Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have 
represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at the time), 
(iii) the representations and warranties in the Loan Documents shall be 
true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such 
reallocation with the same effect as though made on and as of such date (it 
being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by 
its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and 
correct only as of such specified date), and (iv) the aggregate obligation 
of each Revolving Credit Lender that is a Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, 
refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans shall 
not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (a) the Revolving Credit 
Commitment of that Non-Defaulting Lender minus (b) the sum of (1) the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of 
that Revolving Credit Lender plus (2) such Lender’s pro rata portion in 
accordance with its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of outstanding 
Letter of Credit Liabilities and Swing Loans.  Subject to §36, no 
reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of 
any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender 
having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting 
Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased exposure 
following such reallocation.

(d)Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by 
the Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or 
mandatory, at maturity, or otherwise, and including any amounts made 
available to the Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender pursuant 
to §13), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the 
Agent as follows:  first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such 
Defaulting Lender to the Agent (other than with respect to Letter of Credit 
Liabilities) hereunder; second, to the payment of any amounts owing by such 
Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Lender (with respect to Letter of Credit 
Liabilities) and/or the Swing Loan Lender hereunder; third, if so 
determined by the Agent or requested by the Issuing Lender or the Swing 
Loan Lender, to be held as cash collateral for future funding obligations 
of such Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Letter of Credit or 
Swing Loan; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or 
Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which 
such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required 
by this Agreement, as determined by the Agent; fifth, if so determined by 
the Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit 
account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy obligations of such 
Defaulting Lender to fund Loans or participations under this Agreement and 
(y) be held as cash collateral for future funding obligations of such 
Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Letter of Credit or Swing 
Loan;

64
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Agent or the Lenders 
(including the Issuing Lender and the Swing Loan Lender) as a result of any 
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Agent or any 
Lender (including the Issuing Lender and the Swing Loan Lender) against 
such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of 
its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or 
Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the 
Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction 
obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such 
Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and 
eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of 
competent jurisdiction; provided that if (i) such payment is a payment of 
the principal amount of any Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans or funded 
participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans in respect of which such 
Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (ii) such 
Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans or funded participations in Letters of 
Credit or Swing Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in 
§§10 and 11, to the extent required by this Agreement, were satisfied or 
waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Revolving Credit 
Loans, Term Loans A or Term Loans B, as applicable, of, and funded 
participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans owed to, all 
Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis until such time as all Revolving 
Credit Loans, Term Loans A or Term Loans B, as applicable, of, and funded 
and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans are held 
by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their applicable Revolving 
Credit Commitment Percentages, Term Loan A Commitment Percentages and Term 
Loan B Commitment Percentages, as applicable, without regard to §2.13(c), 
prior to being applied to the payment of any Revolving Credit Loans, Term 
Loans A or Term Loans B, as applicable, of, or funded participations in 
Letters of Credit or Swing Loans owed to, such Defaulting Lender.  Any 
payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting 
Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting 
Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this §2.13(d) shall be deemed 
paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender 
irrevocably consents hereto, and to the extent allocated to the repayment 
of principal of the Loan, shall not be considered outstanding principal 
under this Agreement.

(e)Within five (5) Business Days of written demand by the Issuing Lender or 
the Swing Loan Lender from time to time, the Borrower shall deliver to the 
Agent for the benefit of the Issuing Lender and the Swing Loan Lender cash 
collateral in an amount sufficient to cover all Fronting Exposure with 
respect to the Issuing Lender and the Swing Loan Lender (after giving 
effect to §§2.5(a), 2.10(a) and 2.13(c)) on terms satisfactory to the 
Issuing Lender and/or the Swing Loan Lender in its good faith determination 
(and such cash collateral shall be in Dollars).  Any such cash collateral 
shall be deposited in the Collateral Account as collateral (solely for the 
benefit of the Issuing Lender and/or the Swing Loan Lender) for the payment 
and performance of each Defaulting Lender’s pro rata portion in accordance 
with their respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages of 
outstanding Letter of Credit Liabilities and Swing Loans.  Moneys in the 
Collateral Account deposited pursuant to this §2.13(e) shall be applied by 
the Agent to reimburse the Issuing Lender and/or the Swing Loan Lender 
immediately for each Defaulting Lender’s pro rata portion in accordance 
with their respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages of any 
funding obligation with respect to a Letter of Credit or Swing Loan which 
has not otherwise been reimbursed by the Borrower or such Defaulting 
Lender.

65
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(f)(i)Each Revolving Credit Lender that is a Defaulting Lender shall not be 
entitled to receive any facility unused fee pursuant to §2.3 for any period 
during which that Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender.

(ii)Each Revolving Credit Lender that is a Defaulting Lender shall not be 
entitled to receive Letter of Credit fees pursuant to §2.10(e) for any 
period during which that Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender.

(iii)With respect to any facility unused fee or Letter of Credit fees not 
required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) 
above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that is a 
Revolving Credit Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to 
such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s 
participation in Letter of Credit Liabilities or Swing Loans that has been 
reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to §2.13(c), (y) pay to 
the Issuing Lender and the Swing Loan Lender the amount of any such fee 
otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to the 
Issuing Lender’s or the Swing Loan Lender’s Fronting Exposure to such 
Defaulting Lender and (z) not be required to pay any remaining amount of 
any such fee.

(g)If the Borrower (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists) and 
the Agent agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting 
Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Agent will 
so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the date specified in such 
notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include 
arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the 
extent applicable, purchase that portion of the applicable outstanding 
Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Agent may 
determine to be necessary to cause the applicable Loans and funded and 
unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans to be held on 
a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Revolving Credit 
Commitments, Term Loan A Commitments and Term Loan B Commitments, as 
applicable (without giving effect to §2.13(c)), whereupon such Lender will 
cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made 
retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf 
of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, 
further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the 
affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will 
constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising 
from such Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.

REPAYMENT OF THE LOANS

.

Stated Maturity

.  

(a)The Borrower promises to pay on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and 
there shall become absolutely due and payable on the Revolving Credit 
Maturity Date all of the Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Loans and other 
Letter of Credit Liabilities Outstanding on such date, together with any 
and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

(b)The Borrower promises to pay on the Term Loan A Maturity Date and there 
shall become absolutely due and payable on the Term Loan A Maturity Date 
all of the Term Loans A Outstanding on such date together with any and all 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

66
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)The Borrower promises to pay on the Term Loan B Maturity Date and there 
shall become absolutely due and payable on the Term Loan B Maturity Date 
all of the Term Loans B Outstanding on such date, together with any and all 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

§3.2Mandatory Prepayments.

(a)If at any time prior to the occurrence of the Release of Security Date 
(i) the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving 
Credit Loans, the Swing Loans and the Letter of Credit Liabilities exceeds 
the lesser of (A) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and (B) the 
Borrowing Base Availability minus the principal amount of the Outstanding 
Term Loans, or (ii) the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount 
of the Revolving Credit Loans, the Swing Loan, the Term Loans and the 
Letter of Credit Liabilities exceeds the lesser of (A) Total Commitment or 
(B) the Borrowing Base Availability, then the Borrower shall, within five 
(5) Business Days of such occurrence, pay the amount of such excess to the 
Agent for the respective accounts of the Revolving Credit Lenders (in the 
case of clause (i)(A)) or all of the Lenders (in the case of clauses (i)(B) 
and (ii)), for application to the Loans as provided in §3.4, together with 
any additional amounts payable pursuant to §4.7, except that the amount of 
any Swing Loans shall be paid solely to the Swing Loan Lender.

(b)In the event there shall have occurred any Prepayment, Borrower shall, 
within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such payment, pay the amount of 
such Prepayment to the Agent for the account of the Lenders for application 
to the Loans as provided in §3.4, together with any additional amounts 
payable pursuant to §4.7.

(c)In the event there shall have occurred a casualty or Taking with respect 
to any Borrowing Base Property and the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor 
is required to repay the Loans pursuant to §7.7, the Borrower shall prepay 
the Loans concurrently with the date of receipt by Borrower, such 
Subsidiary Guarantor or the Agent of any Insurance Proceeds or Condemnation 
Proceeds in respect of such casualty or Taking, as applicable, in the 
amount required pursuant to the relevant provisions of §7.7; provided that 
the terms of this §3.2(c) shall no longer be applicable from and after the 
occurrence of the Release of Security Date.

(d)Commencing upon the occurrence of the Release of Security Date and 
continuing thereafter, if at any time the sum of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans, the Swing Loans and the 
Letter of Credit Liabilities exceeds the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, 
then the Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days of such occurrence, 
pay the amount of such excess to the Agent for the respective accounts of 
the Revolving Credit Lenders for application to the Revolving Credit Loans 
as provided in §3.4, together with any additional amounts payable pursuant 
to §4.7, except that the amount of any Swing Loans shall be paid solely to 
the Swing Loan Lender.

(e)Commencing upon the occurrence of the Release of Security Date and 
continuing thereafter, if at any time the sum of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of Consolidated Total Unsecured Indebtedness (including 
the Revolving Credit Loans, the Swing Loans, the Term Loans and the Letter 
of Credit Liabilities) exceeds the Borrowing Base Availability, then the 
Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days of such occurrence reduce

67
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the aggregate amount of such Consolidated Total Unsecured Indebtedness by 
the amount of such excess (and if any such reduction is made with respect 
to the Obligations, then Borrower shall pay such amount to the Agent for 
the respective accounts of the Lenders for application to the Loans as 
provided in §3.4, together with any additional amounts payable pursuant to 
§4.7, except that the amount of any Swing Loans shall be paid solely to the 
Swing Loan Lender).

Optional Prepayments

.

(a)The Borrower shall have the right, at its election, to prepay the 
outstanding amount of the Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans A, Term Loans 
B and Swing Loans, as a whole or in part, at any time without penalty or 
premium; provided, that if any prepayment of the outstanding amount of any 
LIBOR Rate Loans pursuant to this §3.3 is made on a date that is not the 
last day of the Interest Period relating thereto, such prepayment shall be 
accompanied by the payment of any amounts due pursuant to §4.7.

(b)The Borrower shall give the Agent, no later than 10:00 a.m.  (Cleveland 
time) at least three (3) days prior written notice of any prepayment 
pursuant to this §3.3, in each case specifying the proposed date of 
prepayment of the Loans and the principal amount to be prepaid (provided 
that any such notice may be revoked or modified upon one (1) day’s prior 
notice to the Agent).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no prior notice shall 
be required for the prepayment of any Swing Loan.

Partial Prepayments

.  Each partial prepayment of the Loans under §3.3 shall be in a minimum 
amount of $1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple of $100,000.00 in excess 
thereof, shall be accompanied by the payment of accrued interest on the 
principal prepaid to the date of payment.  Each partial payment under §§3.2 
and 3.3 shall be applied first to the principal of any Outstanding Swing 
Loans, then, except as provided above with respect to §3.2(a)(i)(A), in the 
absence of instruction by the Borrower, to the principal of Revolving 
Credit Loans and then pro rata to the principal of any Outstanding Term 
Loans A and Outstanding Term Loans B (and with respect to each category of 
Loans, first to the principal of Base Rate Loans, and then to the principal 
of LIBOR Rate Loans).

Effect of Prepayments

.  Amounts of the Revolving Credit Loans prepaid under §§3.2 and 3.3 prior 
to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date may be reborrowed as provided in (but 
subject to the terms of) §2.  Any portion of the Term Loans that is prepaid 
may not be reborrowed.

CERTAIN GENERAL PROVISIONS

.

Conversion Options

.

(a)The Borrower may elect from time to time to convert any of its 
outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans A or Term Loans B to a 
Revolving Credit Loan, Term Loan A or Term Loan B of another Type and such 
Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans A or Term Loans B shall thereafter bear 
interest as a Base Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan, as applicable; provided 
that (i) with respect to any such conversion of a LIBOR Rate Loan to a Base 
Rate Loan, the Borrower shall give the Agent at least one (1) Business 
Day’s prior written notice of such election, and such conversion shall only 
be made on the last day of the

68
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Interest Period with respect to such LIBOR Rate Loan; (ii) with respect to 
any such conversion of a Base Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan, the Borrower 
shall give the Agent at least three (3) LIBOR Business Days’ prior written 
notice of such election and the Interest Period requested for such Loan, 
the principal amount of the Loan so converted shall be in a minimum 
aggregate amount of $1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple of $100,000.00 in 
excess thereof and, after giving effect to the making of such Loan, there 
shall be no more than nine (9) LIBOR Rate Loans relating to Revolving 
Credit Loans, or three (3) LIBOR Rate Loans relating to Term Loans A or 
Term Loans B, respectively, outstanding at any one time; and (iii) no Loan 
may be converted into a LIBOR Rate Loan when any Default or Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing.  All or any part of the outstanding 
Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans A or Term Loans B of any Type may be 
converted as provided herein, provided that no partial conversion shall 
result in a Base Rate Loan in a principal amount of less than $1,000,000.00 
or an integral multiple of $100,000.00 or a LIBOR Rate Loan in a principal 
amount of less than $1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple of $100,000.00.  
On the date on which such conversion is being made, each applicable Lender 
shall take such action as is necessary to transfer its Revolving Credit 
Commitment Percentage, Term Loan A Commitment Percentage or Term Loan B 
Commitment Percentage of such Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans A or Term 
Loans B, as applicable, to its Domestic Lending Office or its LIBOR Lending 
Office, as the case may be.  Each Conversion/Continuation Request relating 
to the conversion of a Base Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan shall be 
irrevocable by the Borrower.

(b)Any LIBOR Rate Loan may be continued as such Type upon the expiration of 
an Interest Period with respect thereto by compliance by the Borrower with 
the terms of §4.1; provided that no LIBOR Rate Loan may be continued as 
such when any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
but shall be automatically converted to a Base Rate Loan on the last day of 
the Interest Period relating thereto ending during the continuance of any 
Default or Event of Default.

(c)In the event that the Borrower does not notify the Agent of its election 
hereunder with respect to any LIBOR Rate Loan, such Loan shall, subject to 
compliance with the other terms of this Agreement, be automatically 
continued at the end of the applicable Interest Period as a LIBOR Rate Loan 
with a one (1) month Interest Period.

Fees

.  The Borrower agrees to pay to KeyBank, the Agent and KBCM for their own 
account certain fees for services rendered or to be rendered in connection 
with the Loans as provided pursuant to a separate fee letter dated prior to 
the date hereof among the REIT, KeyBank and KBCM, as the same may be 
amended (the “Agreement Regarding Fees”).  The Borrower hereby assumes all 
obligations of REIT under the Agreement Regarding Fees.  All such fees 
shall be fully earned when paid and nonrefundable under any circumstances.

Funds for Payments

.

(a)All payments of principal, interest, facility fees, Letter of Credit 
fees, closing fees and any other amounts due hereunder or under any of the 
other Loan Documents shall be made to the Agent, for the respective 
accounts of the Lenders and the Agent, as the case may be, at the Agent’s 
Head Office, not later than 2:00 p.m.  (Cleveland time) on the day when 
due, in each case in lawful money of the United States in immediately 
available funds.  The

69
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Agent is hereby authorized to charge the accounts of the Borrower with 
KeyBank set forth on Schedule 4.3, on the dates when the amount thereof 
shall become due and payable, with the amounts of the principal of and 
interest on the Loans and all fees, charges, expenses and other amounts 
owing to the Agent and/or the Lenders (including the Swing Loan Lender) 
under the Loan Documents.  Subject to the foregoing, all payments made to 
the Agent on behalf of the Lenders, and actually received by the Agent, 
shall be deemed received by the Lenders on the date actually received by 
the Agent.

(b)All payments by the Borrower hereunder and under any of the other Loan 
Documents shall be made without setoff or counterclaim, and free and clear 
of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required 
by Applicable Law.  If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith 
discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or 
withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then 
the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction 
or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to 
the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, 
if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower or 
other applicable Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that after 
such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and 
withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this §4.3) the 
applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have 
received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(c)The Borrower and the Guarantors shall timely pay to the relevant 
Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option 
of the Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(d)The Borrower and the Guarantors shall jointly and severally indemnify 
each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full 
amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or 
asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this §4.3) payable or 
paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a 
payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or 
with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly 
or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A 
certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the 
Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Agent), or by the Agent on its own 
behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error; 
provided that the determinations in such statement are made on a reasonable 
basis and in good faith.

(e)Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Agent, within ten (10) days 
after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such 
Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower or a Guarantor has not 
already indemnified the Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without 
limiting the obligation of the Borrower and the Guarantors to do so), (ii) 
any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with the 
provisions of §18.4 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register 
and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, 
that are payable or paid by the Agent in connection with any Loan Document, 
and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, 
whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by 
the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such 
payment or liability delivered to any Lender by

70
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Lender hereby 
authorizes the Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time 
owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the 
Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the 
Agent under this subsection.

(f)As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or any 
Guarantor to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this §4.3, the Borrower 
or such Guarantor shall deliver to the Agent the original or a certified 
copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such 
payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of 
such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

(g)(i)Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of 
withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall 
deliver to the Borrower and the Agent, at the time or times reasonably 
requested by the Borrower or the Agent, such properly completed and 
executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent as 
will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced 
rate of withholding.  In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by 
the Borrower or the Agent, shall deliver such other documentation 
prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the 
Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Agent to determine whether or not 
such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting 
requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding 
two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such 
documentation (other than such documentation set forth in the immediately 
following clauses (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D)) shall not be required if in 
the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission 
would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or 
would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the 
Borrower is a U.S. Person:

(A)any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the 
Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under 
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable 
request of the Borrower or the Agent), an electronic copy (or an original 
if requested by the Borrower or the Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-9 (or 
any successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal 
backup withholding tax;

(B)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, 
deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be 
requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign 
Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time 
thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Agent), 
whichever of the following is applicable:

(I)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax 
treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments 
of interest under any Loan Document, an electronic copy (or an original if 
requested by the Borrower or the Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or 
W-8BEN-E establishing an

71
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to 
the “interest” article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other 
applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W‑8BEN or W-8BEN-E 
establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding 
Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such 
tax treaty;

(II)an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the 
Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-8ECI;

(III)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption 
for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate 
substantially in the form of Exhibit L-1 to the effect that such Foreign 
Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the 
Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of 
Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” 
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “U.S. Tax Compliance 
Certificate”) and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; or

(IV)to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an 
electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Agent) 
of an executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form 
W-8BEN or W‑8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the 
form of Exhibit L-2 or Exhibit L-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other 
certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided 
that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or 
indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio 
interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance 
Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit L-4 on behalf of each such 
direct and indirect partner;

(C)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, 
deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be 
requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign 
Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time 
thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Agent), an 
electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Agent) 
of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming 
exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly 
completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be 
prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Agent to 
determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D)if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to 
fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA 
(including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as 
applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Agent at the 
time or times prescribed by Applicable Law and at such time or times 
reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent such documentation 
prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 
1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably 
requested by the Borrower or the Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower 
and the Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine 
that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or 
to

72
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for 
purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to 
FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously 
delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it 
shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and 
the Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(h)If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, 
that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been 
indemnified pursuant to this §4.3 (including by the payment of additional 
amounts pursuant to this §4.3), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an 
amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments 
made under this §4.3 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), 
net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified 
party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant 
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying 
party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such 
indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this subsection (plus 
any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant 
Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is 
required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event 
will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying 
party pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the 
indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the 
indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification 
and giving rise to such refund has not been deducted, withheld or otherwise 
imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect 
to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to 
require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any 
other information relating to its Taxes that it reasonably deems 
confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(i)Each party’s obligations under this §4.3 shall survive the resignation 
or replacement of the Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the 
replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the 
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan 
Document.

(j)The obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders under this Agreement with 
respect to Letters of Credit (and of the Lenders to make payments to the 
Issuing Lender with respect to Letters of Credit and to the Swing Loan 
Lender with respect to Swing Loans) shall be absolute, unconditional and 
irrevocable, and shall be paid and performed strictly in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement, under all circumstances whatsoever, including, 
without limitation, the following circumstances:  (i) any lack of validity 
or enforceability of this Agreement, any Letter of Credit or any of the 
other Loan Documents; (ii) any improper use which may be made of any Letter 
of Credit or any improper acts or omissions of any beneficiary or 
transferee of any Letter of Credit in connection therewith; (iii) the 
existence of any claim, set-off, defense or any right which the Borrower or 
any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates may have at any time against any 
beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or persons or 
entities for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be 
acting) or the Lenders (other than the defense of payment to the Lenders in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement) or any

73
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
other person, whether in connection with any Letter of Credit, this 
Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any unrelated transaction; (iv) any 
draft, demand, certificate, statement or any other documents presented 
under any Letter of Credit proving to be insufficient, forged, fraudulent 
or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or 
inaccurate in any respect whatsoever; (v) any breach of any agreement 
between the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates and any 
beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit; (vi) any irregularity in 
the transaction with respect to which any Letter of Credit is issued, 
including any fraud by the beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of 
Credit; (vii) payment by the Issuing Lender under any Letter of Credit 
against presentation of a sight draft, demand, certificate or other 
document which does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, 
provided that such payment shall not have constituted gross negligence or 
willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Lender as determined by a 
court of competent jurisdiction after the exhaustion of all applicable 
appeal periods; (viii) any non-application or misapplication by the 
beneficiary of a Letter of Credit of the proceeds of such Letter of Credit; 
(ix) the legality, validity, form, regularity or enforceability of the 
Letter of Credit; (x) the failure of any payment by the Issuing Lender to 
conform to the terms of a Letter of Credit (if, in the Issuing Lender’s 
good faith judgment, such payment is determined to be appropriate); (xi) 
the surrender or impairment of any security for the performance or 
observance of any of the terms of any of the Loan Documents; (xii) the 
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; and (xiii) any other 
circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the 
foregoing.

Computations

.  All computations of interest on the Base Rate Loans to the extent 
applicable shall be based on a three hundred sixty-five (365) or three 
hundred sixty-six (366)-day year, as applicable, and paid for the actual 
number of days elapsed.  All other computations of interest on the Loans 
and of other fees to the extent applicable shall be based on a 360-day year 
and paid for the actual number of days elapsed.  Except as otherwise 
provided in the definition of the term “Interest Period” with respect to 
LIBOR Rate Loans, whenever a payment hereunder or under any of the other 
Loan Documents becomes due on a day that is not a Business Day, the due 
date for such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business 
Day, and interest shall accrue during such extension.  The Outstanding 
Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities as reflected on the records of the 
Agent from time to time shall be considered prima facie evidence of such 
amount absent manifest error.

Suspension of LIBOR Rate Loans

.  In the event that, prior to the commencement of any Interest Period 
relating to any LIBOR Rate Loan, the Agent shall determine that adequate 
and reasonable methods do not exist for ascertaining LIBOR for such 
Interest Period, or the Agent shall reasonably determine that LIBOR will 
not accurately and fairly reflect the cost of the Lenders making or 
maintaining LIBOR Rate Loans for such Interest Period, the Agent shall 
forthwith give notice of such determination (which shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Borrower and the Lenders absent manifest error) to the 
Borrower and the Lenders.  In such event (a) any Loan Request with respect 
to a LIBOR Rate Loan shall be automatically withdrawn and shall be deemed a 
request for a Base Rate Loan and (b) each LIBOR Rate Loan will 
automatically, on the last day of the then current Interest Period 
applicable thereto, become a Base Rate Loan, and the obligations of the 
Lenders to make LIBOR Rate Loans shall be suspended until the Agent 
determines that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer 
exist, whereupon the Agent shall so notify the Borrower and the Lenders.

74
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Illegality

.  Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, if any present or future 
law, regulation, treaty or directive or the interpretation or application 
thereof shall make it unlawful, or any central bank or other Governmental 
Authority having jurisdiction over a Lender or its LIBOR Lending Office 
shall assert that it is unlawful, for any Lender to make or maintain LIBOR 
Rate Loans, such Lender shall forthwith give notice of such circumstances 
to the Agent and the Borrower and thereupon (a) the commitment of the 
Lenders to make LIBOR Rate Loans shall forthwith be suspended and (b) the 
LIBOR Rate Loans then outstanding shall be converted automatically to Base 
Rate Loans on the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR 
Rate Loans or within such earlier period as may be required by law.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, before giving such notice, the applicable 
Lender shall designate a different lending office if such designation will 
void the need for giving such notice and will not, in the judgment of such 
Lender, be otherwise materially disadvantageous to such Lender or increase 
any costs payable by the Borrower hereunder.

Additional Interest

.  If any LIBOR Rate Loan or any portion thereof is repaid or is converted 
to a Base Rate Loan for any reason on a date which is prior to the last day 
of the Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Rate Loan, or if repayment 
of the Loans has been accelerated as provided in §12.1, or if the Borrower 
fails to draw down on the first day of the applicable Interest Period any 
amount as to which the Borrower has elected a LIBOR Rate Loan, the Borrower 
will pay to the Agent upon demand for the account of the applicable Lenders 
in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit Commitment 
Percentages, Term Loan A Commitment Percentages or Term Loan B Commitment 
Percentages, as applicable (or to the Swing Loan Lender with respect to a 
Swing Loan), in addition to any amounts of interest otherwise payable 
hereunder, the Breakage Costs.  The Borrower understands, agrees and 
acknowledges the following:  (a) no Lender has any obligation to purchase, 
sell and/or match funds in connection with the use of LIBOR as a basis for 
calculating the rate of interest on a LIBOR Rate Loan; (b) LIBOR is used 
merely as a reference in determining such rate; and (c) the Borrower has 
accepted LIBOR as a reasonable and fair basis for calculating such rate and 
any Breakage Costs.  The Borrower further agrees to pay the Breakage Costs, 
if any, whether or not a Lender elects to purchase, sell and/or match 
funds.

Additional Costs, Etc.

  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if any present or future 
Applicable Law, which expression, as used herein, includes statutes, rules 
and regulations thereunder and interpretations thereof by any competent 
court or by any governmental or other regulatory body or official charged 
with the administration or the interpretation thereof and requests, 
directives, instructions and notices at any time (or from time to time) 
hereafter made upon or otherwise issued to any Lender or the Agent by any 
central bank or other fiscal, monetary or other authority (whether or not 
having the force of law), which affects similarly situated banks or 
financial institutions generally and is not applicable to a Lender or Agent 
primarily by reason of such Lender’s or Agent’s particular conduct or 
condition, shall:

(a)subject any Lender or the Agent to any tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, 
fee, deduction or withholding of any nature with respect to this Agreement, 
the other Loan Documents, such Lender’s Commitment, a Letter of Credit or 
the Loans (other than for Indemnified Taxes, Taxes described in clauses (b) 
through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and Connection Income 
Taxes), or

75
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)materially change the basis of taxation (except for changes in taxes on 
gross receipts, income or profits or its franchise tax) of payments to any 
Lender of the principal of or the interest on any Loans or any other 
amounts payable to any Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan 
Documents, or

(c)impose or increase or render applicable any special deposit, reserve, 
assessment, liquidity, capital adequacy or other similar requirements 
(whether or not having the force of law and which are not already reflected 
in any amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder) against assets held by, 
or deposits in or for the account of, or loans by, or commitments of an 
office of any Lender, or

(d)impose on any Lender or the Agent any other conditions or requirements 
with respect to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Loans, such 
Lender’s Commitment, a Letter of Credit or any class of loans or 
commitments of which any of the Loans or such Lender’s Commitment forms a 
part; and the result of any of the foregoing is:

(i)to increase the cost to any Lender, by an amount that such Lender deems 
to be material, of making, funding, issuing, renewing, extending or 
maintaining any of the Loans, the Letters of Credit or such Lender’s 
Commitment, or

(ii)to reduce the amount of principal, interest or other amount payable to 
any Lender or the Agent hereunder on account of such Lender’s Commitment or 
any of the Loans or the Letters of Credit, or

(iii)to require any Lender or the Agent to make any payment or to forego 
any interest or other sum payable hereunder, the amount of which payment or 
foregone interest or other sum is calculated by reference to the gross 
amount of any sum receivable or deemed received by such Lender or the Agent 
from the Borrower hereunder,

then, and in each such case, the Borrower will, within fifteen (15) days of 
written demand made by such Lender or (as the case may be) the Agent at any 
time and from time to time and as often as the occasion therefor may arise, 
pay to such Lender or the Agent such additional amounts as such Lender or 
the Agent shall determine in good faith to be sufficient to compensate such 
Lender or the Agent for such additional cost, reduction, payment or 
foregone interest or other sum.  Each Lender and the Agent in determining 
such amounts may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods 
generally applied by such Lender or the Agent.

Capital Adequacy

.  If after the date hereof any Lender determines that (a) the adoption of 
or change in any law, rule, regulation or guideline regarding liquidity or 
capital requirements for banks or bank holding companies or any change in 
the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority 
charged with the administration thereof, which affects similarly situated 
banks or financial institutions generally and is not applicable to a Lender 
primarily by reason of such Lender’s particular conduct or condition, or 
(b) compliance by such Lender or its parent bank holding company with any 
guideline, request or directive of any such entity regarding liquidity or 
capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law), has the effect 
of reducing the return on such Lender’s or such holding company’s capital 
as a consequence of such Lender’s commitment to make Loans or participate 
in Letters of Credit

76
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or holding company could 
have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into 
consideration such Lender’s or such holding company’s then existing 
policies with respect to capital adequacy and assuming the full utilization 
of such entity’s capital) by any amount deemed by such Lender to be 
material, then such Lender may notify the Borrower thereof.  The Borrower 
agrees to pay to such Lender the amount of such reduction in the return on 
capital as and when such reduction is determined, upon presentation by such 
Lender of a statement of the amount setting forth the Lender’s calculation 
thereof.  In determining such amount, such Lender may use any reasonable 
averaging and attribution methods generally applied by such Lender.  For 
purposes of §4.8 and this §4.9, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, publications, orders, 
guidelines and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and 
all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for 
International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or 
any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign 
regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall be deemed 
to have been adopted and gone into effect after the date hereof regardless 
of when adopted, enacted or issued.

Breakage Costs

.  The Borrower shall pay all Breakage Costs required to be paid by it 
pursuant to this Agreement and incurred from time to time by any Lender 
upon demand within fifteen (15) days from receipt of written notice from 
the Agent, or such earlier date as may be required by this Agreement.

Default Interest; Late Charge

.  Following the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of 
Default, and regardless of whether or not the Agent or the Lenders shall 
have accelerated the maturity of the Loans, all Loans shall bear interest 
payable on demand at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base Rate 
plus the Applicable Margin plus three percent (3%) (the “Default Rate”), 
until such amount shall be paid in full (after as well as before judgment), 
and the fee payable with respect to Letters of Credit shall be increased to 
a rate equal to three percent (3%) above the Letter of Credit fee that 
would otherwise be applicable to such time, or if any of such amounts shall 
exceed the maximum rate permitted by law, then at the maximum rate 
permitted by law.  In addition, the Borrower shall pay a late charge equal 
to four percent (4%) of any amount of interest and/or principal payable on 
the Loans or any other amounts payable hereunder or under the other Loan 
Documents, which is not paid by the Borrower within ten (10) days of the 
date when due (or, in the case of amounts due at the Revolving Credit 
Maturity Date, Term Loan A Maturity Date or Term Loan B Maturity Date, as 
applicable, within fifteen (15) Business Days of such date).

Certificate

.  A certificate setting forth any amounts payable pursuant to §4.7, §4.8, 
§4.9, §4.10 or §4.11 and a reasonably detailed explanation of such amounts 
which are due, submitted by any Lender or the Agent to the Borrower, shall 
be conclusive in the absence of manifest error, and shall be promptly 
provided to the Agent and the Borrower upon their written request.

Limitation on Interest

.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents 
to the contrary, all agreements between or among the Borrower, the 
Guarantors, the Lenders and the Agent, whether now existing or hereafter 
arising and whether written or oral, are hereby limited so that in no 
contingency, whether by reason of acceleration of

77
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the maturity of any of the Obligations or otherwise, shall the interest 
contracted for, charged or received by the Lenders exceed the maximum 
amount permissible under Applicable Law.  If, from any circumstance 
whatsoever, interest would otherwise be payable to the Lenders in excess of 
the maximum lawful amount, the interest payable to the Lenders shall be 
reduced to the maximum amount permitted under Applicable Law; and if from 
any circumstance the Lenders shall ever receive anything of value deemed 
interest by Applicable Law in excess of the maximum lawful amount, an 
amount equal to any excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of 
the principal balance of the Obligations and to the payment of interest or, 
if such excessive interest exceeds the unpaid balance of principal of the 
Obligations, such excess shall be refunded to the Borrower.  All interest 
paid or agreed to be paid to the Lenders shall, to the extent permitted by 
Applicable Law, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the 
full period until payment in full of the principal of the Obligations 
(including the period of any renewal or extension thereof) so that the 
interest thereon for such full period shall not exceed the maximum amount 
permitted by Applicable Law.  This §4.13 shall control all agreements 
between or among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders and the Agent.

Certain Provisions Relating to Increased Costs

.  If a Lender gives notice of the existence of the circumstances set forth 
in §4.8 or any Lender requests compensation for any losses or costs to be 
reimbursed pursuant to any one or more of the provisions of §4.3 (as a 
result of the imposition of U.S. withholding taxes on amounts paid to such 
Lender under this Agreement), §4.8 or §4.9, then, upon request of the 
Borrower, such Lender, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts in a 
manner consistent with such institution’s practice in connection with loans 
like the Loan of such Lender to eliminate, mitigate or reduce amounts that 
would otherwise be payable by the Borrower under the foregoing provisions, 
provided that such action would not be otherwise prejudicial to such 
Lender, including, without limitation, by designating another of such 
Lender’s offices, branches or affiliates; the Borrower agreeing to pay all 
reasonably incurred costs and expenses incurred by such Lender in 
connection with any such action.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, if no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing, and if any Lender has given notice of the existence of the 
circumstances set forth in §4.8 or has requested payment or compensation 
for any losses or costs to be reimbursed pursuant to any one or more of the 
provisions of §4.3 (as a result of the imposition of U.S. withholding taxes 
on amounts paid to such Lender under this Agreement), §4.8 or §4.9 and 
following the request of the Borrower has been unable to take the steps 
described above to mitigate such amounts (each, an “Affected Lender”), 
then, within thirty (30) days after such notice or request for payment or 
compensation, the Borrower shall have the one-time right as to such 
Affected Lender, to be exercised by delivery of written notice delivered to 
the Agent and the Affected Lender within thirty (30) days of receipt of 
such notice, to elect to cause the Affected Lender to transfer its 
Commitment.  The Agent shall promptly notify the remaining Lenders that 
each of such Lenders shall have the right, but not the obligation, to 
acquire a portion of the Commitment, pro rata based upon their relevant 
Commitment Percentages, of the Affected Lender (or if any of such Lenders 
does not elect to purchase its pro rata share, then to such remaining 
Lenders in such proportion as approved by the Agent).  In the event that 
the Lenders do not elect to acquire all of the Affected Lender’s 
Commitment, then the Agent shall endeavor to obtain a new Lender to acquire 
such remaining Commitment.  Upon any such purchase of the Commitment of the 
Affected Lender, the Affected Lender’s interest in the Obligations and its 
rights hereunder and under the Loan Documents shall terminate at the date 
of purchase, and the Affected Lender shall promptly execute all documents 
reasonably requested to

78
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
surrender and transfer such interest.  The purchase price for the Affected 
Lender’s Commitment shall equal any and all amounts outstanding and owed by 
the Borrower to the Affected Lender including principal, prepayment premium 
or fee, and all accrued and unpaid interest or fees.

COLLATERAL SECURITY; GUARANTORS

.

Collateral

.  Until the Release of Security Date, the Obligations shall be secured by 
a perfected first priority lien and security interest to be held by the 
Agent for the benefit of the Lenders on the Collateral, pursuant to the 
terms of the Security Documents.  From and after the Release of Security 
Date, the Lenders have agreed to make the Loans to the Borrower and issue 
Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower on an unsecured basis 
(except with respect to any collateral in the Collateral Account); 
provided, however, that the Obligations shall be guaranteed pursuant to the 
terms of the Guaranty.

Appraisal

.

(a)[Intentionally Omitted.]

(b)The Agent may obtain new Appraisals or an update to existing Appraisals 
with respect to the Borrowing Base Properties, or any of them, as the Agent 
shall determine (i) at any time that the regulatory requirements of any 
Lender generally applicable to real estate loans of the category made under 
this Agreement as reasonably interpreted by such Lender shall require more 
frequent Appraisals, (ii) at any time following an Event of Default, or 
(iii) if the Agent reasonably believes that there has been a material 
adverse change or deterioration with respect to any Borrowing Base 
Property, including, without limitation, as a result of any change in any 
Lease or Operator’s Agreement relating to a Borrowing Base Asset affecting 
the Borrower or any Subsidiary or a material change in the market in which 
any Borrowing Base Property is located.  The expense of such Appraisals 
and/or updates performed pursuant to this §5.2(b) shall be borne by the 
Borrower and payable to the Agent within ten (10) days of demand; provided 
the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay for an Appraisal of a Borrowing 
Base Property obtained pursuant to this §5.2(b) more often than once in any 
period of twelve (12) months if no Event of Default exists.

(c)The Borrower acknowledges that the Agent has the right to approve any 
Appraisal performed pursuant to this Agreement.  The Borrower further 
agrees that the Lenders and the Agent do not make any representations or 
warranties with respect to any such Appraisal and shall have no liability 
as a result of or in connection with any such Appraisal for statements 
contained in such Appraisal, including without limitation, the accuracy and 
completeness of information, estimates, conclusions and opinions contained 
in such Appraisal, or variance of such Appraisal from the fair value of 
such property that is the subject of such Appraisal given by the local tax 
assessor’s office, or the Borrower’s idea of the value of such property.

Addition of Borrowing Base Assets

.  Provided no Default or Event of Default exists, the Borrower shall have 
the right, subject to the consent of the Agent and the Borrowing Base 
Majority Lenders (which consent may be withheld in their sole and absolute 
discretion) and the satisfaction by the Borrower of the conditions set 
forth in this §5.3, to add Potential Borrowing Base Property to the 
Borrowing Base Availability.  In the event the Borrower desires

79
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
to add additional Potential Borrowing Base Property to the Borrowing Base 
Availability as aforesaid, the Borrower shall provide written notice to the 
Agent of such request.  No Potential Borrowing Base Property shall be 
included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability unless and 
until the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied as 
determined by Agent (or as required by this Agreement, the Borrowing Base 
Majority Lenders):

(a)if such Potential Borrowing Base Property is to be a Borrowing Base 
Property, such Potential Borrowing Base Property shall be Eligible Real 
Estate;

(b)if such Potential Borrowing Base Property is to be a Borrowing Base 
Loan, such Borrowing Base Loan shall be secured by Eligible Real Estate and 
Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Borrower shall own all right, 
title and interest in such loan;

(c)if such Potential Borrowing Base Property is owned by a Wholly-Owned 
Subsidiary of the Borrower, said Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall have 
executed a Joinder Agreement and satisfied the conditions of §5.5;

(d)prior to or contemporaneously with such addition, the Borrower shall 
have submitted to the Agent a Compliance Certificate prepared using the 
financial statements of the Borrower most recently provided or required to 
be provided to the Agent under §6.4 or §7.4 and a Borrowing Base 
Certificate, both prepared on a pro forma basis and adjusted to give effect 
to such addition, and shall certify that after giving effect to such 
addition, no Default or Event of Default shall exist;

(e)the Borrower or the Wholly-Owned Subsidiary which is the owner of the 
Potential Borrowing Base Property shall have executed and delivered to the 
Agent all applicable Eligible Real Estate Qualification Documents, all of 
which instruments, documents or agreements shall be in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent;

(f)after giving effect to the inclusion of such Potential Borrowing Base 
Property, each of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf 
of the Borrower or the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
contained in this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or in any document or 
instrument delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall 
be true in all material respects both as of the date as of which it was 
made and shall also be true as of the time of the addition of a Borrowing 
Base Asset in the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability, with the 
same effect as if made at and as of that time, except to the extent of 
changes resulting from transactions permitted by the Loan Documents (it 
being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by 
its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and 
correct only as of such specified date), and no Default or Event of Default 
shall have occurred and be continuing (including, without limitation, any 
Default under §9.1, §9.6, §9.7, §9.9 or §9.10), and the Agent shall have 
received a certificate of the Borrower to such effect;

(g)the terms and conditions of §7.20(a) shall be satisfied; and

(h)prior to the Release of Security Date the Agent and the Borrowing Base 
Majority Lenders, as required above, shall have consented to the inclusion 
of such Real Estate or Borrowing Base Loan as a Borrowing Base Asset and 
from and after the occurrence of the

80
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Release of Security Date, the Agent shall have consented to the inclusion 
of such Real Estate or Borrowing Base Loan as a Borrowing Base Asset, which 
consent may be granted in the Agent’s and Lenders’, as applicable, sole and 
absolute discretion.

Release of Borrowing Base Assets

.  Prior to the Release of Security Date and provided no Default or Event 
of Default shall have occurred hereunder and be continuing (or would exist 
immediately after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this 
§5.4) (other than a Default or Event of Default that would be cured by 
effectuating such release as provided in §12.2(b)), the Agent shall release 
a Borrowing Base Asset from the lien or security title of the Security 
Documents encumbering the same (and if such Borrowing Base Asset is a 
Borrowing Base Property, such release shall include the Equity Interests in 
the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor) upon the request of the Borrower in 
connection with a sale or other permanent disposition or refinancing of 
such Borrowing Base Asset subject to and upon the following terms and 
conditions:

(a)the Borrower shall deliver to the Agent written notice of its desire to 
obtain such release no later than ten (10) days prior to the date on which 
such release is to be effected;

(b)the Borrower shall submit to the Agent with such request a Compliance 
Certificate and Borrowing Base Certificate prepared using the financial 
statements of the Borrower most recently provided or required to be 
provided to the Agent under §6.4 or §7.4 adjusted in the best good faith 
estimate of the Borrower to give effect to the proposed release and 
demonstrating that no Default or Event of Default with respect to the 
covenants referred to therein shall exist after giving effect to such 
release;

(c)all release documents to be executed by the Agent shall be in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent;

(d)the Borrower shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses 
of the Agent in connection with such release, including without limitation, 
reasonable attorney’s fees;

(e)the Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the account of the Lenders a 
release price, which payment shall be applied to reduce the outstanding 
principal balance of the Loans as provided in §3.4, in an amount equal to 
the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding principal balance of the 
Loans so that no violation of the covenants set forth in §§3.2 or 9.1 shall 
occur; and

(f)without limiting or affecting any other provision hereof, any release of 
a Borrowing Base Asset will not cause the Borrower to be in violation of 
the restrictions set forth in the definition of Borrowing Base Availability 
or the covenants set forth in this Agreement.

Additional Guarantors

.  In the event that the Borrower shall request that certain Real Estate or 
a Borrowing Base Loan of a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower be 
included as a Borrowing Base Asset as contemplated by §5.3 and such Real 
Estate or a Borrowing Base Loan is included as a Borrowing Base Asset in 
accordance with the terms hereof, the Borrower shall, as a condition to 
such Real Estate or a Borrowing Base Loan being

81
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
included as a Borrowing Base Asset, cause each such Wholly-Owned 
Subsidiary, and any other Subsidiary of Borrower which owns an interest in 
such Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, to execute and deliver to the Agent a Joinder 
Agreement, and such Subsidiary or Subsidiaries, as applicable, shall become 
a Guarantor hereunder and thereunder.  In addition, in the event any 
Subsidiary of the Borrower shall constitute a Material Subsidiary, the 
Borrower shall promptly cause such Subsidiary to execute and deliver to 
Agent a Joinder Agreement, and such Subsidiary shall become a Guarantor 
hereunder and thereunder.  Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any 
Subsidiary of the REIT shall constitute a Material Subsidiary within the 
meaning of clause (b) of the definition thereof, the Borrower shall cause 
such Subsidiary, as a condition to such Subsidiary becoming a guarantor or 
other obligor with respect to such other Unsecured Indebtedness described 
therein (unless such Indebtedness was incurred prior to such Subsidiary 
becoming a Subsidiary Guarantor and not in contemplation of such Subsidiary 
becoming a Subsidiary Guarantor, in which case such Subsidiary shall 
execute and deliver to Agent a Joinder Agreement within five (5) Business 
Days of such Person’s becoming a Subsidiary of REIT), cause each such 
Subsidiary to execute and deliver to Agent a Joinder Agreement, and such 
Subsidiary shall thereby become a Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder.  Each 
such Subsidiary shall be specifically authorized, in accordance with its 
respective organizational documents, to be a Guarantor hereunder and 
thereunder and to execute the Contribution Agreement, the Guaranty, the 
Indemnity Agreement and such Security Documents as the Agent may require.  
The Borrower shall further cause all representations, covenants and 
agreements in the Loan Documents with respect to the Guarantors to be true 
and correct with respect to each such Subsidiary.  In connection with the 
delivery of such Joinder Agreement, the Borrower shall deliver to the Agent 
such organizational agreements, resolutions, consents, opinions and other 
documents and instruments as the Agent may reasonably require.

Release of Certain Guarantors

.

(a)Provided no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing (or would exist immediately after giving effect to the 
transactions contemplated by this §5.6(a)), in the event that all Borrowing 
Base Loans owned by a Subsidiary Guarantor have been removed from the 
calculation of Borrowing Base Availability in accordance with this 
Agreement and, if prior to the Release of Security Date, shall have been 
released as Collateral for the Obligations and Hedge Obligations in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and all Borrowing Base 
Properties owned by such Subsidiary Guarantor have been removed from the 
calculation of Borrowing Base Availability and, if prior to the Release of 
Security Date, the lien and security interest in the Equity Interests in 
such Subsidiary Guarantor have been released as Collateral for the 
Obligations and Hedge Obligations in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, then such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be released by Agent from 
liability under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is 
a party.

(b)The Borrower may request in writing that the Agent release, and upon 
receipt of such request the Agent shall release (subject to the terms 
hereof), a Subsidiary Guarantor that is a Guarantor solely by virtue of 
being a Material Subsidiary from the Guaranty so long as:  (i) no Default 
or Event of Default shall then be in existence or would occur as a result 
of such release; (ii) the Agent shall have received such written request at 
least five (5) Business Days prior to the requested date of release; (iii) 
such Subsidiary Guarantor is not the direct or indirect owner or lessee of 
a Borrowing Base Property or of a Borrowing Base Loan

82
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
and will not, upon giving effect to such requested release, be a guarantor 
of or otherwise liable with respect to any other Unsecured Indebtedness of 
the REIT, Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries of the type 
described in clause (b) of the definition of Material Subsidiary which 
would require it to be a Guarantor; and (iv) the Borrower shall deliver to 
Agent evidence reasonably satisfactory to Agent that (A) the Borrower has 
disposed of or simultaneously with such release will dispose of its entire 
interest in such Guarantor or that all of the assets of such Guarantor will 
be disposed of in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and if such 
transaction involves the disposition by such Guarantor of all of its 
assets, the net cash proceeds, if any, from such disposition are being 
distributed to the Borrower in connection with such disposition, or (B) 
such Guarantor will be the borrower with respect to Secured Debt that is 
not prohibited under this Agreement, which Indebtedness will be secured by 
a Lien on the assets of such Guarantor, or (C) the Borrower has contributed 
or simultaneously with such release will contribute its entire direct or 
indirect interest in such Guarantor to an Unconsolidated Affiliate or a 
Subsidiary which is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary or that such Guarantor 
will be contributing all of its assets to an Unconsolidated Affiliate or a 
Subsidiary which is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary in compliance with the 
terms of this Agreement, or (D) such Guarantor is an Excluded Subsidiary.  
Delivery by the Borrower to the Agent of any such request for a release 
shall constitute a representation by the Borrower that the matters set 
forth in the preceding sentence (both as of the date of the giving of such 
request and as of the date of the effectiveness of such request) are true 
and correct with respect to such request.

(c)The provisions of this §5.6 shall not apply to Borrower, General 
Partner, TRS or REIT.

[Intentionally Omitted.]

.  

Release of Collateral

.  

(a)Upon the written request of Borrower to Agent and the determination by 
Agent of the satisfaction of the Release of Security Conditions, then the 
Agent shall release the Collateral (other than the Collateral Account) from 
the lien and security interest of the Security Documents and shall release 
the Borrower and Guarantors from their respective obligations under the 
Security Documents (except for those that survive a termination) and 
terminate the Security Documents; provided, however, that the foregoing 
release of Collateral by Agent and termination of the Security Document 
shall under no circumstances release the Borrower or any of the Guarantors 
from any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, the Notes 
the Guaranty or the Contribution Agreement, or release any lien or security 
interest in the Collateral Account.  Upon request of Borrower, Agent on 
behalf of the Lenders shall be authorized at Borrower’s expense to execute 
and deliver such documents and instruments and file such UCC termination 
statements as the Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence the release 
of the Collateral from the lien and security of the Security Documents and 
the termination agreements of the Security Documents as the Borrower shall 
reasonably request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Borrower and Agent.

(b)Upon the refinancing or repayment of the Obligations in full and 
termination of the obligation to provide additional Loans or issue Letters 
of Credit to Borrower, then the Agent shall release the Collateral from the 
lien and security interest of the Security

83
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Documents and to release the Borrower and Guarantors (other than with 
respect to obligations that survive termination of this Agreement), 
provided that Agent has not received a written notice from the 
Representative or the holder of the Hedge Obligations that any Hedge 
Obligation is then due and payable to the holder thereof.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

.

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lenders as 
follows.

Corporate Authority, Etc.

 

(a)Incorporation; Good Standing.  REIT is a Maryland corporation duly 
organized pursuant to Articles of incorporation filed with the Maryland 
Secretary of State, and is validly existing and in good standing under the 
laws of Maryland.  REIT conducts its business in a manner which enables it 
to qualify as a real estate investment trust under, and to be entitled to 
the benefits of, Section 856 of the Code, and has elected to be treated as 
and is entitled to the benefits of a real estate investment trust 
thereunder.  The Borrower is a Delaware limited partnership duly organized 
pursuant to its certificate of limited partnership filed with the Delaware 
Secretary of State, and is validly existing and in good standing under the 
laws of Delaware.  The Borrower (i) has all requisite power to own its 
property and conduct its business as now conducted and as presently 
contemplated, and (ii) is in good standing and is duly authorized to do 
business in the jurisdiction of its organization and where a Borrowing Base 
Property owned by it or the property subject to a Borrowing Base Loan owned 
by it is located (to the extent required by Applicable Law) and in each 
other jurisdiction where a failure to be so qualified in such other 
jurisdiction could have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Subsidiaries.  Each of the Guarantors and each of the Subsidiaries of 
the Borrower and the Guarantors (i) is a corporation, limited partnership, 
general partnership, limited liability company or trust duly organized 
under the laws of its State of organization and is validly existing and in 
good standing under the laws thereof, (ii) has all requisite power to own 
its property and conduct its business as now conducted and as presently 
contemplated and (iii) is in good standing and is duly authorized to do 
business in each jurisdiction where it is organized and where a Borrowing 
Base Property owned by it or the property subject to a Borrowing Base Loan 
owned by it is located (to the extent required by Applicable Law) and in 
each other jurisdiction where a failure to be so qualified could reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)Authorization.  The execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which any of the Borrower or any 
Guarantor is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby 
(i) are within the authority of such Person, (ii) have been duly authorized 
by all necessary proceedings on the part of such Person, (iii) do not and 
will not conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of any 
provision of law, statute, rule or regulation to which such Person is 
subject or any judgment, order, writ, injunction, license or permit 
applicable to such Person, (iv) do not and will not conflict with or 
constitute a default (whether with the passage of time or the giving of 
notice, or both) under any provision of the partnership agreement, articles 
of incorporation or other charter documents or bylaws of, or any agreement 
or other instrument binding upon, such Person or any of its

84
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
properties, (v) do not and will not result in or require the imposition of 
any lien or other encumbrance on any of the properties, assets or rights of 
such Person other than the liens and encumbrances in favor of the Agent 
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (vi) do 
not require the approval or consent of any Person other than those already 
obtained and delivered to the Agent.

(d)Enforceability.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which 
any of the Borrower or any Guarantor is a party are valid and legally 
binding obligations of such Person enforceable in accordance with the 
respective terms and provisions hereof and thereof, except as 
enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement 
of creditors’  rights and general principles of equity.

Governmental Approvals

.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents to which the Borrower or any Guarantor is a party and the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not require the approval or 
consent of, or filing or registration with, or the giving of any notice to, 
any court, department, board, governmental agency or authority other than 
those already obtained, the filing of the Security Documents in the 
appropriate records office with respect thereto, and filings after the date 
hereof of disclosures with the SEC.

Title to Properties

.  Except as indicated on Schedule 6.3 hereto, REIT and its Subsidiaries 
own or lease all of the assets reflected in the consolidated balance sheet 
of the REIT as of the Balance Sheet Date or acquired or leased since that 
date (except property and assets sold or otherwise disposed of in the 
ordinary course of business since that date) subject to no rights of 
others, including any mortgages, leases pursuant to which REIT or any of 
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates is the lessee, 
conditional sales agreements, title retention agreements, liens or other 
encumbrances except Permitted Liens.

Financial Statements

.  The Borrower has furnished to the Agent:  (a) the consolidated balance 
sheet of REIT and its Subsidiaries as of the Balance Sheet Date and the 
related consolidated statement of income and cash flow as of the Balance 
Sheet Date certified by the chief financial officer of REIT, (b) an 
unaudited statement of Net Operating Income for the period ending September 
30, 2016, reasonably satisfactory in form to the Agent and certified by the 
chief financial officer of REIT as fairly presenting the Net Operating 
Income for such periods, and (c) certain other financial information 
relating to the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Collateral and the Borrowing 
Base Assets.  The balance sheet and statements referred to in clauses (a) 
and (b) above have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles and fairly present the consolidated financial 
condition of REIT and its Subsidiaries as of such dates and the 
consolidated results of the operations of REIT and its Subsidiaries for 
such periods.  There are no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of REIT 
or any of its Subsidiaries involving material amounts not disclosed in said 
financial statements and the related notes thereto.

No Material Changes

.  Since the Balance Sheet Date or the date of the most recent financial 
statements delivered pursuant to §7.4, as applicable, there has occurred no 
materially adverse change in the financial condition, prospects, operations 
or business of REIT and its

85
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole as shown on or reflected in the consolidated 
balance sheet of REIT as of the Balance Sheet Date, or its consolidated 
statement of income or cash flows as of the Balance Sheet Date, other than 
changes in the ordinary course of business that have not and could not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  As of the date 
hereof, except as set forth on Schedule 6.5 hereto, there has occurred no 
materially adverse change in the financial condition, prospects, operations 
or business activities of REIT, its Subsidiaries or any of the Borrowing 
Base Assets from the condition shown on the statements of income delivered 
to the Agent pursuant to §6.4 other than changes in the ordinary course of 
business that have not had any materially adverse effect either 
individually or in the aggregate on the business, prospects, operations or 
financial condition of REIT and its Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, or 
of any of the Borrowing Base Assets.

Franchises, Patents, Copyrights, Etc.

  The Borrower, the Guarantors and their respective Subsidiaries possess 
all franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, service 
marks, licenses and permits, and rights in respect of the foregoing, 
adequate for the conduct of their business substantially as now conducted 
without known conflict with any rights of others.  Except as set forth on 
Schedule 6.6 hereto, none of the Borrowing Base Assets is owned or operated 
by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries under or by reference to any trademark, 
trade name, service mark or logo, and none of the trademarks, tradenames, 
service marks or logos are registered or subject to any license or 
provision of law limiting their assignability or use except as specifically 
set forth on Schedule 6.6.

Litigation

.  Except as stated on Schedule 6.7, there are no actions, suits, 
proceedings or investigations of any kind pending or to the knowledge of 
the Borrower threatened against the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries before any court, tribunal, arbitrator, mediator or 
administrative agency or board which question the validity of this 
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, any action taken or to be 
taken pursuant hereto or thereto, the Collateral or any lien, security 
title or security interest created or intended to be created pursuant 
hereto or thereto, or which if adversely determined could reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Except as set forth on 
Schedule 6.7, as of the Closing Date there are no judgments, final orders 
or awards outstanding against or affecting the Borrower, any Guarantor, any 
of their respective Subsidiaries or any Collateral.  No injunction, writ, 
temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by 
any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain 
the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein 
not be consummated as herein or therein provided.  As of the Closing Date, 
none of the Borrower, any Guarantor, any of their respective Subsidiaries 
or, to Borrower’s knowledge, any Operator of any Medical Property, is the 
subject of an audit by a Governmental Authority or, to the Borrower’s or 
any Guarantor’s knowledge, any investigation or review by a Governmental 
Authority concerning the violation or possible violation of any Requirement 
of Law, including any Healthcare Law.

No Material Adverse Contracts, Etc.

  None of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal 
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation that has or 
is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect.  None of the 
Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective

86
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement that has or could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Compliance with Other Instruments, Laws, Etc.

  None of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries is in violation of any provision of its charter or other 
organizational documents, bylaws, or any agreement or instrument to which 
it is subject or by which it or any of its properties is bound or any 
decree, order, judgment, statute, license, rule or regulation, in any of 
the foregoing cases in a manner that has had or could reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Tax Status

.  Each of the Borrower, the Guarantors and their respective Subsidiaries 
(a) has made or filed all federal and state income and all other tax 
returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it 
is subject or has obtained an extension for filing, (b) has paid prior to 
delinquency all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges shown 
or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, and (c) 
has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment 
of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, 
reports or declarations apply.  Except as set forth on Schedule 6.10, there 
are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing 
authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers or partners of such Person 
know of no basis for any such claim.  Except as set forth on Schedule 6.10
, there are no audits pending or to the knowledge of the Borrower 
threatened with respect to any tax returns filed by the Borrower, any 
Guarantor or their respective Subsidiaries.  The taxpayer identification 
number for REIT is 46-5477146, the taxpayer identification number for 
General Partner is 47-1206477, and the taxpayer identification number for 
the Borrower is 47-1208487.

No Event of Default

.  No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under this 
Agreement or, as of the date of this Agreement, the Original Credit 
Agreement.

Investment Company Act

.  None of the Borrower, the Guarantors or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries is an “investment company”, or an “affiliated company” or a 
“principal underwriter” of an “investment company”, as such terms are 
defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Setoff, Etc.

  Prior to the Release of Security Date, the Collateral and the rights of 
the Agent and the Lenders with respect to the Collateral are not subject to 
any setoff, claims, withholdings or other defenses by the Borrower or any 
of their Subsidiaries or, to the actual knowledge of the Borrower, any 
other Person.

Certain Transactions

.  Except as disclosed on Schedule 6.14 hereto, none of the partners, 
officers, trustees, managers, members, directors, or employees of the 
Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries is, nor 
shall any such Person become, a party to any transaction with the Borrower, 
any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates (other 
than for services as partners, managers, members, employees, officers and 
directors), including any agreement or other arrangement providing for the 
furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal 
property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any 
partner, officer, trustee, director or such employee or, to the knowledge

87
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
of the Borrower, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in 
which any partner, officer, trustee, director, or any such employee has a 
substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner, which 
are on terms less favorable to the Borrower, a Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries than those that would be obtained in a comparable 
arms-length transaction.

Employee Benefit Plans

.  The Borrower, each Guarantor and each ERISA Affiliate has fulfilled its 
obligation, if any, under the minimum funding standards of ERISA and the 
Code with respect to each Employee Benefit Plan, Multiemployer Plan or 
Guaranteed Pension Plan and is in compliance in all material respects with 
the presently applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code with respect to 
each Employee Benefit Plan, Multiemployer Plan or Guaranteed Pension Plan.  
Neither the Borrower, any Guarantor nor any ERISA Affiliate has (a) sought 
a waiver of the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code in 
respect of any Employee Benefit Plan, Multiemployer Plan or Guaranteed 
Pension Plan, (b) failed to make any contribution or payment to any 
Employee Benefit Plan, Multiemployer Plan or Guaranteed Pension Plan, or 
made any amendment to any Employee Benefit Plan, Multiemployer Plan or 
Guaranteed Pension Plan, which has resulted or could result in the 
imposition of a Lien or the posting of a bond or other security under ERISA 
or the Code, or (c) incurred any material liability under Title IV of ERISA 
other than a liability to the PBGC for premiums under Section 4007 of 
ERISA.  None of the assets of REIT or any of its Subsidiaries, including, 
without limitation, any Borrowing Base Asset, constitutes a “plan asset” of 
any Employee Plan, Multiemployer Plan or Guaranteed Pension Plan.

Disclosure

.  All of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of the 
Borrower, the Guarantors and their respective Subsidiaries in this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any document or instrument 
delivered to the Agent or the Lenders pursuant to or in connection with any 
of such Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, and 
neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor has failed to disclose such 
information as is necessary to make such representations and warranties not 
misleading.  All information contained in this Agreement, the other Loan 
Documents or prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or 
any Guarantor and otherwise furnished to or made available to the Agent or 
the Lenders by or on behalf of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any 
Guarantor, as supplemented to date, is and, when delivered, will be true 
and correct in all material respects and, as supplemented to date, does 
not, and when delivered will not, contain any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state a material fact known to Borrower or any 
Guarantor necessary to make the statements contained therein not 
misleading.  The written information, reports and other papers and data 
with respect to the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any Guarantor, the Collateral 
and the Borrowing Base Assets (other than projections and estimates) 
prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower, a Subsidiary or a Guarantor and 
furnished to the Agent or the Lenders in connection with this Agreement or 
the obtaining of the Commitments of the Lenders hereunder was, at the time 
so furnished, complete and correct in all material respects, or has been 
subsequently supplemented by other written information, reports or other 
papers or data, to the extent necessary to give in all material respects a 
true and accurate knowledge of the subject matter in all material respects; 
provided that such representation shall not apply to (a) the accuracy of 
any appraisal, title commitment, survey, or engineering and environmental 
reports prepared by third parties or legal conclusions or analysis provided 
by the Borrower’s or the Guarantors’ counsel (although the Borrower and the 
Guarantors have no reason to believe that

88
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the Agent and the Lenders may not rely on the accuracy thereof) or (b) 
budgets, projections and other forward-looking speculative information 
prepared in good faith by the Borrower (except to the extent the related 
assumptions were when made manifestly unreasonable).

Trade Name; Place of Business

.  Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor uses any trade name and conducts 
business under any name other than its actual name set forth in the Loan 
Documents.  The principal place of business of the Borrower is 3100 West 
End Avenue, Suite 1000, Nashville, Tennessee  37203.

Regulations T, U and X

.  No portion of any Loan is to be used for the purpose of purchasing or 
carrying any “margin security” or “margin stock” as such terms are used in 
Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System, 12 C.F.R. Parts 220, 221 and 224.  Neither the Borrower nor any 
Guarantor is engaged, nor will it engage, principally or as one of its 
important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose 
of purchasing or carrying any “margin security” or “margin stock” as such 
terms are used in Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R. Parts 220, 221 and 224.

Environmental Compliance

.  The Borrower has obtained and provided to the Agent, or in the case of 
Borrowing Base Properties acquired after the date hereof will obtain and 
provide to the Agent, written environmental site assessment reports of the 
Environmental Engineer (collectively, the “Environmental Reports”).  Except 
as set forth in the Environmental Reports with respect to Borrowing Base 
Properties or as disclosed on Schedule 6.19 attached hereto, the Borrower 
makes the following representations and warranties:

(a)None of the Borrower, the Guarantors or their respective Subsidiaries 
nor, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, any operator of the Real 
Estate, nor any tenant or operations thereon, is in violation, or alleged 
violation, of any judgment, decree, order, law, license, rule or regulation 
pertaining to environmental matters, including without limitation, those 
arising under any Environmental Law, which violation (i) involves Real 
Estate (other than the Borrowing Base Properties) and has had or could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) involves a 
Borrowing Base Property.

(b)None of the Borrower, any Guarantor nor any of their respective 
Subsidiaries has received notice from any third party including, without 
limitation, any Governmental Authority, (i) that it has been identified by 
the United States Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) as a potentially 
responsible party under CERCLA with respect to a site listed on the 
National Priorities List, 40 C.F.R.  Part 300 Appendix B (1986); (ii) that 
any Hazardous Substance(s) which it has generated, transported or disposed 
of have been found at any site at which a federal, state or local agency or 
other third party has conducted or has ordered that the Borrower, any 
Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries conduct a remedial 
investigation, removal or other response action pursuant to any 
Environmental Law; or (iii) that it is or shall be a named party to any 
claim, action, cause of action, complaint, or legal or administrative 
proceeding (in each case, contingent or otherwise) arising out of any third 
party’s incurrence of costs, expenses, losses or damages of any kind 
whatsoever in connection with the release of Hazardous Substances, which in 
any case (i) involves Real Estate (other than the

89
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Borrowing Base Properties) and has had or could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) involves a Borrowing Base Property.

(c)(i) Since the date of acquisition of title to the Real Estate by the 
Borrower, the Guarantors or their respective Subsidiaries, and to the best 
knowledge of the Borrower, prior to the date of acquisition, no portion of 
the Real Estate has been used for the handling, processing, storage or 
disposal of Hazardous Substances except in accordance with applicable 
Environmental Laws, and no underground tank or other underground storage 
receptacle for Hazardous Substances is located on any portion of the Real 
Estate except those which are being operated and maintained in compliance 
with Environmental Laws; (ii) in the course of any activities conducted by 
the Borrower, the Guarantors, their respective Subsidiaries or, to the best 
knowledge of Borrower, the tenants and operators of their properties, no 
Hazardous Substances have been generated or are being used on the Real 
Estate except in the ordinary course of the Borrower’s, the Guarantors’ and 
their respective Subsidiaries’, or the tenants’ or operators’ of the Real 
Estate, respective businesses and in accordance with applicable 
Environmental Laws; (iii) since the date of acquisition of title to the 
Real Estate by the Borrower, the Guarantors or their respective 
Subsidiaries, and to the best knowledge of the Borrower, prior to the date 
of acquisition, there has been no past or present Release or threatened 
Release of Hazardous Substances on, upon, into or from the Real Estate; 
(iv) to the best knowledge of Borrower, there have been no Releases on, 
upon, from or into any real property in the vicinity of any of the Real 
Estate which, through soil or groundwater contamination, may have come to 
be located on the Real Estate; and (v) since the date of acquisition of 
title to the Real Estate by the Borrower, the Guarantors or their 
respective Subsidiaries, and to the best knowledge of the Borrower, prior 
to the date of acquisition, any Hazardous Substances that have been 
generated on any of the Real Estate have been transported off‑site in 
accordance with all applicable Environmental Laws (except with respect to 
the foregoing in this §6.19(c) as to any Real Estate (other than the 
Borrowing Base Properties) where the foregoing has not had or could not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect).

(d)None of the Borrower, the Guarantors, their respective Subsidiaries nor 
the Real Estate is subject to any applicable Environmental Law requiring 
the performance of Hazardous Substances site assessments, or the removal or 
remediation of Hazardous Substances, or the giving of notice to any 
governmental agency or the recording or delivery to other Persons of an 
environmental disclosure document or statement in each case by virtue of 
the transactions set forth herein and contemplated hereby, or as a 
condition to the effectiveness of any other transactions contemplated 
hereby, except for such matters with which the Borrower, the Guarantors, 
their respective Subsidiaries shall have complied with as of the Closing 
Date.

(e)There are no existing or closed sanitary landfills, solid waste disposal 
sites, or hazardous waste treatment, storage or disposal facilities (i) on 
or affecting the Real Estate (other than the Borrowing Base Properties) 
except where such existence has not had or could not be reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) on or affecting a 
Borrowing Base Property.

(f)There has been no written claim against the Borrower, the Guarantors or 
their respective Subsidiaries or to the knowledge of Borrower, against any 
other Person, by any

90
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
party that any use, operation, or condition of the Real Estate has caused 
any nuisance or any other liability or adverse condition on any other 
property, nor is there any basis for such a claim.

Subsidiaries; Organizational Structure

.  Schedule 6.20(a) sets forth, as of the date hereof, all of the 
Subsidiaries of REIT, the form and jurisdiction of organization of each of 
the Subsidiaries, and REIT’s direct and indirect ownership interests 
therein.  Schedule 6.20(b) sets forth, as of the date hereof, all of the 
Unconsolidated Affiliates of the REIT and its Subsidiaries, the form and 
jurisdiction of organization of each of the Unconsolidated Affiliates, 
REIT’s or its Subsidiary’s ownership interest therein and the other owners 
of the applicable Unconsolidated Affiliate.  No Person owns any legal, 
equitable or beneficial interest in any of the Persons set forth on 
Schedules 6.20(a) and 6.20(b) except as set forth on such Schedules.

Leases

.  The Borrower has delivered to the Agent true copies of the Leases and 
any amendments thereto relating to each Borrowing Base Property required to 
be delivered as a part of the Eligible Real Estate Qualification Documents, 
and with respect to each Borrowing Base Property as of the date hereof, 
such Leases remain the sole Leases with respect to such Borrowing Base 
Properties and have not been amended except in accordance with the Original 
Credit Agreement.  An accurate and complete Rent Roll as of the date of 
inclusion of each Borrowing Base Property in Borrowing Base Availability 
with respect to all Leases of any portion of the Borrowing Base Property 
has been provided to the Agent (except with respect to each Borrowing Base 
Property that is leased to a single tenant under a triple-net lease, the 
lease has been provided to Agent in lieu of a Rent Roll).  The Leases 
reflected on such Rent Roll constitute as of the date thereof the sole 
agreements relating to leasing or licensing of space at such Borrowing Base 
Property and in the Building relating thereto.  Except as reflected on such 
Rent Roll or on Schedule 6.21 no tenant under any Lease is entitled to any 
free rent, partial rent, rebate of rent payments, credit, offset or 
deduction in rent, including, without limitation, lease support payments, 
lease buy-outs or abatements or credits.  Except as set forth in Schedule 
6.21, the Leases reflected therein are, as of the date of inclusion of the 
applicable Borrowing Base Property in Borrowing Base Availability or with 
respect to each Borrowing Base Property as of the date of this Agreement, 
as of the date of this Agreement, in full force and effect in accordance 
with their respective terms, without any payment default or any other 
material default thereunder, nor are there any defenses, counterclaims, 
offsets, concessions or rebates available to any tenant thereunder, and, 
except as reflected in Schedule 6.21, neither the Borrower nor any 
Guarantor has given or made, any notice of any payment or other material 
default, or any claim, which remains uncured or unsatisfied, with respect 
to any of the Leases, and to the best of the knowledge and belief of the 
Borrower, there is no basis for any such claim or notice of default by any 
tenant.  Except as reflected in Schedule 6.21, no property, other than the 
Borrowing Base Property which is the subject of the applicable Lease, is 
necessary to comply with the requirements (including, without limitation, 
parking requirements) contained in such Lease.

Property

.  Except as set forth on Schedule 6.22 and the property condition reports 
for the initial Borrowing Base Properties delivered to the Agent on or 
before the Closing Date, (i) all of the Borrowing Base Properties, and all 
major building systems located thereon, are structurally sound, in good 
condition and working order and free from material defects, subject to 
ordinary wear and tear, (ii) all of the other Real Estate of the Borrower, 
the Guarantors and their respective Subsidiaries is structurally sound, in 
good condition and working order, subject to ordinary wear and tear, except 
where such defects have not had and could not reasonably be

91
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) the Real Estate, and the 
use and operation thereof, is in material compliance with all applicable 
federal and state law and governmental regulations and any local 
ordinances, orders or regulations, including without limitation, laws, 
regulations and ordinances relating to zoning, building codes, subdivision, 
fire protection, health, safety, handicapped access, historic preservation 
and protection, wetlands and tidelands (but excluding for purposes of this 
§6.22, Environmental Laws) except where a failure to so comply as to Real 
Estate other than the Borrowing Base Properties has not and could not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) all 
utilities necessary for the use and operation of the Borrowing Base 
Properties are installed to the property lines of the Borrowing Base 
Properties through dedicated public rights of way or through perpetual 
private easements approved by the Agent and, except in the case of drainage 
facilities, are connected to the Building located thereon with valid 
permits and are adequate to service the Building in compliance with 
Applicable Law, (v) the streets abutting the Borrowing Base Properties are 
dedicated and accepted public roads, to which the Borrowing Base Properties 
have direct access (or indirect access via recorded easements that are 
insured without exception pursuant to the related Title Policy) by motor 
vehicles and by foot, or are perpetual private ways (with direct access by 
motor vehicles and by foot to public roads) to which the Borrowing Base 
Properties have direct access approved by the Agent (or indirect access via 
recorded easements that are insured without exception pursuant to the 
related Title Policy), (vi) there are no unpaid or outstanding real estate 
or other taxes or assessments on or against any of the Real Estate which 
are payable by the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries (except only real estate or other taxes or assessments, that 
are not yet delinquent or are being protested as permitted by this 
Agreement), (viii) each Real Estate asset is separately assessed for 
purposes of real estate tax assessment and payment, (ix) there are no 
unpaid or outstanding real estate or other taxes or assessments on or 
against any other property of the Borrower, the Guarantors or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries which are payable by any of such Persons in any 
material amount (except only real estate or other taxes or assessments, 
that are not yet delinquent or are being protested as permitted by this 
Agreement), (x) as of the date of inclusion of any Real Estate as a 
Borrowing Base Property, there are no pending, or to the knowledge of the 
Borrower, threatened or contemplated, eminent domain proceedings against 
any Borrowing Base Asset or any material portion of any other Real Estate, 
(xi) none of the Borrowing Base Properties or any material portion of any 
other Real Estate is now damaged as a result of any fire, explosion, 
accident, flood or other casualty, (xii) none of the Borrower, the 
Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries has received any 
outstanding notice from any insurer or its agent requiring performance of 
any work with respect to any of the Real Estate or canceling or threatening 
to cancel any policy of insurance, and each of the Real Estate assets 
complies with the material requirements of all of the Borrower’s, 
Guarantors’ and their respective Subsidiaries’ insurance carriers, (xiii) 
no person or entity has any right or option to acquire any Real Estate or 
any Building thereon or any portion thereof or interest therein, except for 
certain tenants of such Real Estate not constituting Borrowing Base 
Properties pursuant to the terms of their Leases or, with respect to 
Borrowing Base Properties, as disclosed to Agent in writing prior to 
acceptance of such Real Estate as a Borrowing Base Property, (xiv) neither 
the Borrower nor any Guarantor is a party to any Management Agreements or 
Operators' Agreements for any of the Borrowing Base Properties except as 
has been delivered to the Agent, (xv) there are no material defaults or 
material claims or any bases for material defaults or material claims in 
respect of any Borrowing Base Property or its operation by any party to any 
service agreement or Management Agreement

92
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
or Operators' Agreement, and (xvi) there are no material agreements not 
otherwise terminable upon thirty (30) days’ notice pertaining to any 
Borrowing Base Property, any Building thereon or the operation or 
maintenance of either thereof other than as described in this Agreement 
(including the Schedules hereto) or, as applicable, the Title Policies.

Brokers

.  None of REIT nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged or otherwise dealt 
with any broker, finder or similar entity in connection with this Agreement 
or the Loans contemplated hereunder.

Other Debt

.  As of the date of this Agreement, (a) none of the Borrower, any 
Guarantor nor any of their respective Subsidiaries is in default of (i) the 
payment of any Indebtedness, the performance of any related agreement, 
mortgage, deed of trust, security agreement, financing agreement, indenture 
or lease to which any of them is a party, and (b) no Indebtedness of the 
Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries has been 
accelerated.  Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor is a party to or bound 
by any agreement, instrument or indenture that may require the 
subordination in right or time or payment of any of the Obligations to any 
other indebtedness or obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor.  
Schedule 6.24 hereto sets forth all agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, 
financing agreements or other material agreements binding upon the Borrower 
and each Guarantor or their respective properties and entered into by the 
Borrower and/or such Guarantor as of the date of this Agreement with 
respect to any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Guarantor in an amount 
greater than $1,000,000.00, and the Borrower has provided the Agent with 
such true, correct and complete copies thereof.

Solvency

.  After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents, including all Loans made or to be made 
hereunder, neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor is insolvent on a balance 
sheet basis such that the sum of such Person’s assets exceeds the sum of 
such Person’s liabilities, the Borrower and each Guarantor is able to pay 
its debts as they become due, and the Borrower and each Guarantor has 
sufficient capital to carry on its business.

No Bankruptcy Filing

.  Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor is contemplating either the 
filing of a petition by it under any state or federal bankruptcy or 
insolvency laws or for the liquidation of its assets or property, and the 
Borrower has no knowledge of any Person contemplating the filing of any 
such petition against it or any Guarantor.

No Fraudulent Intent

.  Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any of the other 
Loan Documents nor the performance of any actions required hereunder or 
thereunder is being undertaken by the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries with or as a result of any actual intent by 
any of such Persons to hinder, delay or defraud any entity to which any of 
such Persons is now or will hereafter become indebted.

Transaction in Best Interests of the Borrower and Guarantors; Consideration

.  The transaction evidenced by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
is in the best interests of the Borrower, each Guarantor and their 
respective Subsidiaries.  The Borrower and the Guarantors are engaged in 
common business enterprises related to those of the Borrower and each 
Guarantor will derive substantial direct and indirect benefit from the 
effectiveness and

93
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
existence of this Agreement.  The direct and indirect benefits to inure to 
the Borrower, each Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries pursuant to 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute substantially more 
than “reasonably equivalent value” (as such term is used in Section 548 of 
the Bankruptcy Code) and “valuable consideration,” “fair value,” and “fair 
consideration” (as such terms are used in any applicable state fraudulent 
conveyance law), in exchange for the benefits to be provided by the 
Borrower, the Guarantors and their respective Subsidiaries pursuant to this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and but for the willingness of each 
Guarantor to guaranty the Loan, the Borrower would be unable to obtain the 
financing contemplated hereunder which financing will enable the Borrower, 
each Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries to have available 
financing to conduct and expand their business.

Contribution Agreement

.  The Borrower and the Guarantors have executed and delivered the 
Contribution Agreement, and the Contribution Agreement constitutes the 
valid and legally binding obligations of such parties enforceable against 
them in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof, except as 
enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement 
of creditors’ rights and except to the extent that availability of the 
remedy of specific performance or injunctive relief is subject to the 
discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be 
brought.

Representations and Warranties of Guarantors

.  The Borrower has no knowledge that any of the representations or 
warranties of any Guarantor contained in any Loan Document to which such 
Guarantor is a party are untrue or inaccurate in any material respect.

OFAC

.  None of the Borrower, the Guarantors, any of their Subsidiaries or any 
of their respective officers or, to the knowledge of Borrower, their 
respective directors, employees, agents, advisors or Affiliates (a) is (or 
will be) a Person: (i) that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that 
are:  (x) the subject or target of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations or 
(y) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or 
whose government is, the subject of Sanctions Laws and Regulations, which 
includes, as of the Closing Date, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan 
and Syria or (ii) listed in any list related to or otherwise designated 
under any Sanctions Laws and Regulations maintained under OFAC (including, 
those Persons named on OFAC’s Specially Designated and Blocked Persons 
list), the U.S. Department of State or by the United Nations Security 
Council, the European Union or Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom 
or under the September 24, 2001 Executive Order Blocking Property and 
Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or 
Support Terrorism (any such Person described in clauses (i) or (ii), a 
“Designated Person”) and (b) is not and shall not engage in any dealings or 
transactions or otherwise be associated with a Designated Person.  In 
addition, the Borrower hereby agrees to provide to the Lenders any 
additional information that a Lender reasonably deems necessary from time 
to time in order to ensure compliance with Sanctions Laws and Regulations 
and all Applicable Laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. 
 Neither Borrower, any Guarantor, nor any Subsidiary, director or officer 
of Borrower or Guarantor or, to the knowledge of Borrower, any Affiliate, 
agent or employee of Borrower or any Guarantor, has engaged in any activity 
or conduct which would violate any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption 
or anti-money laundering laws or regulations in any applicable 
jurisdiction, including without limitation, any Sanctions Laws and 
Regulations.

94
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Healthcare Representations

.

(a)Each Borrowing Base Property (excluding any Borrowing Base Property that 
is an MOB or LPC) (i) is in material conformance with all insurance, 
reimbursement and cost reporting requirements, (ii) for those Borrowing 
Base Properties where Operator is required by Applicable Laws to maintain a 
provider agreement pursuant to Medicare and/or Medicaid, said provider 
agreement is in full force and effect under Medicare and Medicaid, and 
(iii) is in material compliance with all other Applicable Laws including, 
without limitation, (A) Healthcare Laws, (B) licensure requirements, (C) 
staffing requirements, (D) health and fire safety codes, including quality 
and safety standards, (E) those relating to the prevention of fraud and 
abuse, (F) Third Party Payor program requirements and disclosure of 
ownership and related information requirements, (G) requirements of 
applicable Governmental Authorities, including those relating to such 
Borrowing Base Properties’ physical structure, environment, quality and 
adequacy of medical care and licensing, and (H) those related to 
reimbursement for the type of care or services provided by Operators with 
respect to such Borrowing Base Properties.  There is no existing, pending 
or, to the Borrower’s knowledge, threatened in writing, revocation, 
suspension, termination, probation, restriction, limitation, or nonrenewal 
proceeding by any third-party payor under a Third-Party Payor Program, 
other than those which have been disclosed to the Agent, if any.

(b)All Primary Licenses and Permits necessary for using and operating the 
Borrowing Base Properties (excluding any Borrowing Base Property that is an 
MOB or LPC) are held by the Borrower, the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor, 
or the applicable Operator, as required under Applicable Law, and are in 
full force and effect.

(c)Except as set forth on Schedule 6.32 hereof, with respect to any of the 
Borrowing Base Properties (excluding any Borrowing Base Property that is an 
MOB or LPC), there are no Healthcare Investigations or any other inquiries, 
investigations, probes, audits, reviews or proceedings by any Governmental 
Authority or any Third Party Payor Program or notices thereof, or any other 
third party or any patient, employee or resident (including, but not 
limited to, whistleblower suits, or suits brought pursuant to federal or 
state “false claims acts” and Medicaid, Medicare or state fraud and/or 
abuse laws) that are reasonably likely directly or indirectly, or with the 
passage of time (i) to have a material adverse impact on Operators’ ability 
to accept and/or retain patients or residents or operate such Borrowing 
Base Property for its current use or result in the imposition of a fine, a 
sanction, a lower rate certification or a lower reimbursement rate for 
services rendered to eligible patients or residents, (ii) to modify, limit 
or result in the transfer, suspension, revocation or imposition of 
probationary use of any of the Primary Licenses, (iii) to affect any 
Operator’s continued participation in the Medicaid or Medicare programs or 
any other Third-Party Payor Programs, or any successor programs thereto, at 
then current rate certifications, or (iv) to result in any material civil 
or criminal penalty or remedy, or (v) to result in the appointment of a 
receiver.

(d)With respect to any Borrowing Base Property (excluding any Borrowing 
Base Property that is an MOB or LPC), except as set forth on Schedule 6.32
, (i) there are no presently existing circumstances that would result or 
likely would result in a material violation of any Healthcare Law, (ii) no 
such Borrowing Base Property has received a notice of violation at a level 
that under Applicable Law requires the filing of a plan of correction, and 
no statement of

95
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
charges or deficiencies has been made or penalty enforcement action has 
been undertaken against any such Borrowing Base Property, (iii) no Operator 
currently has any violation imposed, and no statement of charges or 
deficiencies has been made or penalty enforcement action has been 
undertaken, in each case, that remains outstanding against any such 
Borrowing Base Property, any Operator or against any officer, director, 
partner, member or stockholder of any Operator, by any Governmental 
Authority or Third Party Payor Program, and (iv) there have been no 
violations threatened in writing against any Borrowing Base Property’s, or 
to the Borrower’s knowledge, any Operator’s, certification for 
participation in Medicare, Medicaid or any other Third-Party Payor Programs 
that remain open or unanswered that are, in each case of clauses (i) 
through (iv), reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)With respect to any Borrowing Base Property, there are no current, 
pending or outstanding Governmental Authority or Third-Party Payor Program 
reimbursement audits, appeals, reviews, suspensions or recoupment efforts 
actually pending at any Borrowing Base Property that would result in a 
Material Adverse Effect, and there are no years that are subject to an open 
audit in respect of any Third-Party Payor Program that would, in each case, 
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower, any Guarantor or Operator, 
other than customary audit rights pursuant to Medicare/Medicaid/TRICARE 
programs or other Third Party Payor Programs.

The representations and warranties set forth in this §6.32, with respect to 
Operators that are not affiliated with the Borrower and Borrowing Base 
Properties which are operated by Operators that are not affiliated with the 
Borrower, are made to the best of the Borrower’s knowledge.

Ground Lease

.

(a)Each Ground Lease contains the entire agreement of the Subsidiary 
Guarantors and the applicable owner of the fee interest in such Borrowing 
Base Property (the “Fee Owner”), pertaining to the Borrowing Base Property 
covered thereby.  The Subsidiary Guarantors have no estate, right, title or 
interest in or to the Borrowing Base Property except under and pursuant to 
the Ground Lease.  The Borrower has delivered a true and correct copy of 
the Ground Lease to the Agent and the Ground Lease has not been modified, 
amended or assigned, with the exception of written instruments that have 
been recorded in the applicable real estate records and referenced in the 
Title Policy for such Borrowing Base Property.

(b)The applicable Fee Owner is the exclusive fee simple owner of the 
Borrowing Base Property, subject only to the Ground Lease and all Liens and 
other matters disclosed in the applicable Title Policy for such Borrowing 
Base Property subject to the Ground Lease, and the applicable Fee Owner is 
the sole owner of the lessor’s interest in the Ground Lease.

(c)Except as set forth on Schedule 6.33, there are no rights to terminate 
the Ground Lease other than the applicable Fee Owner’s right to terminate 
by reason of default, casualty, condemnation or other reasons, in each case 
as expressly set forth in the Ground Lease.

96
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d)Each Ground Lease is in full force and effect and no breach or default 
or event that with the giving of notice or passage of time would constitute 
a breach or default under any Ground Lease (a “Ground Lease Default”) 
exists or has occurred on the part of a Subsidiary Guarantor or, to the 
knowledge of Borrower, on the part of a Fee Owner under any Ground Lease.  
All base rent and additional rent, if any, due and payable under each 
Ground Lease has been paid through the date of acceptance of such Real 
Estate as a Borrowing Base Property and, except as set forth on Schedule 
6.33, no Subsidiary Guarantor is required to pay any deferred or accrued 
rent after the date of acceptance of such Real Estate as a Borrowing Base 
Property under any Ground Lease.  Neither Borrower nor a Subsidiary 
Guarantor has received any written notice that a Ground Lease Default has 
occurred or exists, or that any Fee Owner or any third party alleges the 
same to have occurred or exist.

(e)The applicable Subsidiary Guarantor is the exclusive owner of the ground 
lessee’s interest under and pursuant to each Ground Lease and has not 
assigned, transferred or encumbered its interest in, to, or under the 
Ground Lease.

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

.

The Borrower covenants and agrees that, so long as any Loan, Note or Letter 
of Credit is outstanding or any Lender has any obligation to make any Loans 
or issue Letters of Credit:

Punctual Payment

.  The Borrower will duly and punctually pay or cause to be paid the 
principal and interest on the Loans and all interest and fees provided for 
in this Agreement, all in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and 
the Notes, as well as all other sums owing pursuant to the Loan Documents.

Maintenance of Office

.  The Borrower and each Guarantor will maintain their respective chief 
executive office at 3100 West End Avenue, Suite 1000, Nashville, Tennessee  
37203, or at such other place in the United States of America as the 
Borrower or any Guarantor shall designate upon thirty (30) days prior 
written notice to the Agent and the Lenders, where notices, presentations 
and demands to or upon the Borrower or such Guarantor in respect of the 
Loan Documents may be given or made.

Records and Accounts

.  The Borrower and each Guarantor will (a) keep, and cause each of their 
respective Subsidiaries to keep true and accurate records and books of 
account in which full, true and correct entries will be made in accordance 
with GAAP and (b) maintain adequate accounts and reserves for all taxes, 
depreciation and amortization of its properties and the properties of their 
respective Subsidiaries, contingencies and other reserves.  Neither the 
Borrower, any Guarantor nor any of their respective Subsidiaries shall, 
without the prior written consent of the Agent which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, (x) make any material change 
to the accounting policies/principles used by such Person in preparing the 
financial statements and other information described in §6.4 or §7.4, or 
(y) change its fiscal year.  The Agent and the Lenders acknowledge that 
REIT’s fiscal year is a calendar year.

Financial Statements, Certificates and Information

.  The Borrower will deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent, in form 
and substance satisfactory to the Agent:

97
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(a)within ten (10) days of the filing of REIT’s Form 10-K with the SEC, if 
applicable, but in any event not later than ninety (90) days after the end 
of each calendar year, the audited consolidated balance sheet of REIT and 
its Subsidiaries at the end of such year, and the related audited 
consolidated statements of income, shareholders’ equity, changes in capital 
and cash flows for such year, setting forth in comparative form the figures 
for the previous fiscal year and all such statements to be in reasonable 
detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with a certification by 
the chief financial officer of the REIT, that the information contained in 
such financial statements fairly presents the financial position of REIT 
and its Subsidiaries, and accompanied by an auditor’s report prepared 
without qualification as to the scope of the audit by a nationally 
recognized accounting firm reasonably approved by the Agent and who shall 
have authorized REIT to deliver such financial statements and 
certifications thereof to the Agent; provided, however, that the Form 10-K 
filed with or furnished to the SEC by the Borrower (and which is available 
online at the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov) shall be deemed to 
have been provided by the Borrower under this reporting requirement;

(b)within ten (10) days of the filing of REIT’s Form 10-Q with the SEC, if 
applicable, but in any event not later than forty-five (45) days after the 
end of each of the first three (3) calendar quarters of each year, copies 
of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of REIT and its Subsidiaries, 
at the end of such quarter, and the related unaudited consolidated 
statements of income, unaudited consolidated balance sheet and cash flows 
for the portion of REIT’s fiscal year then elapsed, all in reasonable 
detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with a certification 
by the chief financial officer of REIT that the information contained in 
such financial statements fairly presents the financial position of REIT 
and its Subsidiaries on the date thereof (subject to year-end adjustments); 
provided, however, that the Form 10-Q filed with or furnished to the SEC by 
the Borrower (and which is available online at the website of the SEC at 
http://www.sec.gov) shall be deemed to have been provided by the Borrower 
under this reporting requirement;

(c)simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements referred to 
in §§7.4(a) and 7.4(b), (i) a statement (a “Compliance Certificate”) 
certified by the chief financial officer of REIT in the form of Exhibit I 
hereto (or in such other form as the Agent may reasonably approve from time 
to time) setting forth in reasonable detail computations evidencing 
compliance or non-compliance (as the case may be) with the covenants 
contained in §9 and the other covenants described in such certificate and 
(if applicable) setting forth reconciliations to reflect changes in GAAP 
since the Balance Sheet Date, and (ii) a statement of Funds from Operations 
for the relevant period.  The Borrower shall submit with the Compliance 
Certificate a Borrowing Base Certificate in the form of Exhibit H attached 
hereto (a “Borrowing Base Certificate”) pursuant to which the Borrower 
shall calculate the amount of the Borrowing Base Mortgage Loan Amount, and 
the Borrowing Base Availability as of the end of the immediately preceding 
calendar quarter, and (iii) a calculation of the component of Adjusted Net 
Operating Income described in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the definition 
thereof and whether the applicable property is an EBITDAR Stabilized 
Property or a Newly-Built Property, together with such supporting 
information as Agent may request (including financial statements of the 
applicable tenant or Operator).  The calculation of Tenant EBITDAR may be 
calculated by Borrower with financial information that is for the period 
that ends no more than sixty (60) days prior to the ending date of the 
period covered by the Compliance Certificate and Borrowing Base 
Certificate.  All income, expense and value associated with Real Estate or 
other Investments acquired or

98
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
disposed of during any quarter will be adjusted, where applicable.  Such 
Borrowing Base Certificate shall specify whether there are any monetary or 
other defaults under Major Leases at a Borrowing Base Asset or defaults 
under Borrowing Base Loans;

(d)simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements referred to 
in §§7.4(a) and 7.4(b), (i) prior to the Release of Security Date (or after 
the Release of the Security Date, at the Agent’s reasonable request), a 
Rent Roll for each of the Borrowing Base Properties as of the end of each 
calendar quarter (including the fourth calendar quarter in each year), 
together with a listing of each tenant that has taken occupancy of each 
such Borrowing Base Property during each calendar quarter (including the 
fourth calendar quarter in each year), (ii) prior to the Release of 
Security Date (or after the Release of the Security Date, at the Agent’s 
reasonable request), an operating statement (including payor mix 
statistics) for each of the Borrowing Base Properties for each such 
calendar quarter and year to date and a consolidated operating statement 
for the Borrowing Base Properties for each such calendar quarter and year 
to date (such statements and reports to be in form reasonably satisfactory 
to the Agent), (iii) prior to the Release of Security Date, a copy of each 
Lease or amendment to any Lease entered into with respect to a Borrowing 
Base Property during such calendar quarter (including the fourth calendar 
quarter in each year), (iv) financial information from each tenant of a 
Borrowing Base Property reasonably required by the Agent to determine 
compliance with the covenants contained in §9 and the other covenants 
described in such certificate, and (v) other evidence reasonably required 
by the Agent to determine compliance with the covenants contained in §9 and 
the other covenants described in such certificate;

(e)simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements referred to 
in §§7.4(a) and 7.4(b) above, a statement (i) listing the Real Estate owned 
by REIT and its Subsidiaries (or in which REIT or any of its Subsidiaries 
owns an interest) and stating the location thereof, the date acquired and 
the acquisition cost, and whether such Real Estate constitutes a Land Asset 
or a Development Property, (ii) listing the Indebtedness of REIT and its 
Subsidiaries (excluding Indebtedness of the type described in §§8.1(a), 
8.1(c), 8.1(d) and 8.1(f)), which statement shall include, without 
limitation, a statement of the original principal amount of such 
Indebtedness and the current amount outstanding, the holder thereof, the 
maturity date and any extension options, the interest rate, the collateral 
provided for such Indebtedness and whether such Indebtedness is Recourse 
Indebtedness, Secured Debt, Unsecured Indebtedness or Non-Recourse 
Indebtedness, and (iii) performance data with respect to the Borrowing Base 
Loans and associated collateral, including, without limitation, outstanding 
principal balances, any outstanding delinquencies or defaults, and 
prepayments in whole or in part, and status of leasing or occupancy;

(f)contemporaneously with the filing or mailing thereof, copies of all 
material of a financial nature, reports, proxy statements and all other 
information sent to the owners of the Borrower or REIT; provided, however, 
that the reports and other information filed with or furnished to the SEC 
by the Borrower (and which are available online at the website of the SEC 
at http://www.sec.gov) shall be deemed to have been provided by the 
Borrower under this reporting requirement;

99
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(g)promptly following the Agent’s request, after they are filed with the 
Internal Revenue Service, copies of all annual federal income tax returns 
and amendments thereto of the Borrower and REIT;

(h)promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements 
(other than the exhibits thereto and any registration statements on Form 
S-8 or its equivalent) and annual, quarterly, monthly, special (8-K) or 
other reports or information that REIT or any of its Subsidiaries shall 
file with the SEC; provided, however, that the reports and statements filed 
with or furnished to the SEC by the Borrower (and which is available online 
at the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov) shall be deemed to have 
been provided by the Borrower under this reporting requirement;

(i)notice of any audits pending or threatened in writing with respect to 
any tax returns filed by REIT or any of its Subsidiaries promptly following 
notice of such audit;

(j)upon the Agent’s request, evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Agent 
of the timely payment of all real estate taxes for the Borrowing Base 
Assets;

(k)[Reserved];

(l)within five (5) Business Days of receipt, copies of any written claim 
made with respect to any Non-Recourse Exclusion;

(m)upon the request of Agent (but following the Release of Security Date 
and provided no Default or Event of Default has occurred, Agent may not 
make such request more than one time per calendar year as to any Borrowing 
Base Asset) updated title and UCC searches with respect to the Borrowing 
Base Assets; and

(n)from time to time, such other financial data and information in the 
possession of REIT or its Subsidiaries (including without limitation (i) 
auditors’ management letters, (ii) status of litigation or investigations 
against REIT or any of its Subsidiaries and any settlement discussions 
relating thereto, (iii) property inspection and environmental reports and 
information as to zoning (provided that, as to this clause (iii) following 
the Release of Security Date and provided no Default or Event of Default 
has occurred, Agent shall not request such items as to any Borrowing Base 
Asset more than one time per calendar year) and (iv) other legal and 
regulatory changes affecting REIT or any of its Subsidiaries), as the Agent 
may reasonably request.

The Agent shall promptly distribute to the Lenders materials received under 
§7.4(a)-(e).  The Borrower shall cooperate with the Agent in connection 
with the publication of certain materials and/or information provided by or 
on behalf of the Borrower or REIT.  Documents required to be delivered 
pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be delivered by or on behalf of the 
Borrower to the Agent and the Lenders (collectively, “Information 
Materials”) pursuant to this Section and the Borrower shall designate 
Information Materials (a) that are either available to the public or not 
material with respect to the REIT and its Subsidiaries or any of their 
respective securities for purposes of United States federal and state 
securities laws, as “Public Information” and (b) that are not Public 
Information as “Private Information.”  Any material to be delivered 
pursuant to this §7.4 may be delivered electronically directly to the Agent 
and the Lenders provided that

100
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
such material is in a format reasonably acceptable to the Agent, and such 
material shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Agent and the 
Lenders upon the Agent’s receipt thereof.  Upon the reasonable request of 
the Agent, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies thereof to the Agent.  
The Borrower and the Guarantors authorize Agent and Arrangers to 
disseminate any such materials, including without limitation the 
Information Materials through the use of Intralinks, SyndTrak or any other 
electronic information dissemination system (an “Electronic System”).  Any 
such Electronic System is provided “as is” and “as available.”  The Agent 
and the Arrangers do not warrant the adequacy of any Electronic System and 
expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in any notice, demand, 
communication, information or other material provided by or on behalf of 
Borrower that is distributed over or by any such Electronic System 
(“Communications”).  No warranty of any kind, express, implied or 
statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, 
fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or 
freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by Agent or the 
Arrangers in connection with the Communications or the Electronic System.  
In no event shall the Agent, the Arrangers or any of their directors, 
officers, employees, agents or attorneys have any liability to the Borrower 
or the Guarantors, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, 
including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or 
consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or 
otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s, any Guarantors’, the Agent’s or 
any Arrangers’ transmission of Communications through the Electronic 
System, and the Borrower and the Guarantors release Agent, the Arrangers 
and the Lenders from any liability in connection therewith.  Certain of the 
Lenders (each, a “Public Lender”) may have personnel who do not wish to 
receive material non-public information with respect to the REIT, its 
Subsidiaries or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the 
foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market related 
activities with respect to such Persons’ securities.  The Borrower hereby 
agrees that it will identify that portion of the Information Materials that 
may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (i) all such Information 
Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a 
minimum, shall mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the 
first page thereof; (ii) by marking Information Materials “PUBLIC,” the 
Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Agent, the Lenders and the 
Arrangers to treat such Information Materials as not containing any 
material non-public information with respect to the Borrower, its 
Subsidiaries, its Affiliates or their respective securities for purposes of 
United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to 
the extent such Information Materials constitute confidential information, 
they shall be treated as provided in §18.7); (iii) all Information 
Materials marked “PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a 
portion of any electronic dissemination system designated “Public Investor” 
or a similar designation; and (iv) the Agent and the Arrangers shall be 
entitled to treat any Information Materials that are not marked “PUBLIC” as 
being suitable only for posting on a portion of any electronic 
dissemination system not designated “Public Investor” or a similar 
designation.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Information Materials not 
marked “PUBLIC” shall be deemed to be “Private Information”.

Notices

.

(a)Defaults.  The Borrower will promptly upon becoming aware of same notify 
the Agent in writing of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, 
which notice shall describe such occurrence with reasonable specificity and 
shall state that such notice is a

101
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“notice of default”.  If any Person shall give any notice of the existence 
of a claimed default or take any other action in respect of a claimed 
default (whether or not constituting an Event of Default) under this 
Agreement or under any note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture or other 
obligation to which or with respect to which the Borrower, any Guarantor or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries is a party or obligor, whether as 
principal or surety, and such default would permit the holder of such note 
or obligation or other evidence of indebtedness to accelerate the maturity 
thereof, which acceleration would either cause a Default or have a Material 
Adverse Effect, the Borrower shall forthwith give written notice thereof to 
the Agent and each of the Lenders, describing the notice or action and the 
nature of the claimed default.

(b)Environmental Events.  The Borrower will give notice to the Agent within 
five (5) Business Days of becoming aware of (i) any potential or known 
Release, or threat of Release, of any Hazardous Substances in violation of 
any applicable Environmental Law; (ii) any violation of any Environmental 
Law that the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries reports in writing or is reportable by such Person in writing 
(or for which any written report supplemental to any oral report is made) 
to any federal, state or local environmental agency or (iii) any inquiry, 
proceeding, investigation, or other action, including a notice from any 
agency of potential environmental liability, of any federal, state or local 
environmental agency or board, that in any case involves (A) a Borrowing 
Base Asset, (B) any other Real Estate and could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect or (C) prior to the Release of Security 
Date, the Agent’s liens or security title on the Collateral pursuant to the 
Security Documents.

(c)Notification of Claims Against Collateral.  The Borrower will give 
notice to the Agent in writing within five (5) Business Days of becoming 
aware prior to the Release of Security Date of any material setoff, claims 
in excess of $250,000.00 (including, with respect to any Borrowing Base 
Asset, environmental claims), withholdings or other defenses to which any 
of the Collateral, or the rights of the Agent or the Lenders with respect 
to the Collateral, are subject.

(d)Notice of Litigation and Judgments.  The Borrower will give notice to 
the Agent in writing within five (5) Business Days of becoming aware of any 
litigation or proceedings threatened in writing or any pending litigation 
and proceedings affecting the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries or to which the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries is or is to become a party involving an 
uninsured claim against the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries that could either reasonably be expected to cause a 
Default or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
and stating the nature and status of such litigation or proceedings.  The 
Borrower will give notice to the Agent, in writing, in form and detail 
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and each of the Lenders, within ten 
(10) days of any judgment not covered by insurance, whether final or 
otherwise, against the REIT or any of its Subsidiaries in an amount in 
excess of $2,500,000.00.

(e)Ground Lease.  The Borrower will promptly notify the Agent in writing of 
any default by a Fee Owner in the performance or observance of any of the 
terms, covenants and conditions on the part of a Fee Owner to be performed 
or observed under a Ground Lease.  The Borrower will promptly deliver to 
the Agent copies of all material notices, certificates, requests,

102
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
demands and other instruments received from or given by a Fee Owner to the 
Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor under a Ground Lease.

(f)ERISA.  The Borrower will give notice to the Agent within ten (10) 
Business Days after REIT or any ERISA Affiliate (i) gives or is required to 
give notice to the PBGC of any “reportable event” (as defined in Section 
4043 of ERISA) with respect to any Guaranteed Pension Plan, Multiemployer 
Plan or Employee Benefit Plan, or knows that the plan administrator of any 
such plan has given or is required to give notice of any such reportable 
event; (ii) gives a copy of any notice of complete or partial withdrawal 
liability under Title IV of ERISA; or (iii) receives any notice from the 
PBGC under Title IV or ERISA of an intent to terminate or appoint a trustee 
to administer any such plan.

(g)Notices of Default Under Leases.  The Borrower will give notice to the 
Agent in writing within five (5) Business Days after the Borrower or any 
Guarantor (i) receives notice from a tenant under a Lease of a Borrowing 
Base Asset of a default by the landlord under such Lease, or (ii) delivers 
a notice to any Major Tenant under a Lease of a Borrowing Base Asset of a 
default by such tenant under its Lease.

(h)Governmental Authority Notices.  The Borrower will give notice to the 
Agent within five (5) Business Days of receiving any documents, 
correspondence or notice from any Governmental Authority that regulates the 
operation of any Borrowing Base Asset where such document, correspondence 
or notice relates to threatened or actual change or development that would 
be materially adverse or otherwise have a material adverse effect on any 
Borrowing Base Asset, the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Operator of any 
Borrowing Base Asset.

(i)Notification of Lenders.  Within five (5) Business Days after receiving 
any notice under this §7.5, the Agent will forward a copy thereof to each 
of the Lenders, together with copies of any certificates or other written 
information that accompanied such notice.

Existence; Maintenance of Properties

.

(a)Except as permitted under §§8.4 and 8.8, the Borrower and each Guarantor 
will (i) preserve and keep in full force and effect their legal existence 
in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation and (ii) will cause 
each of their respective Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors to preserve 
and keep in full force and effect their legal existence in the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or formation except where such failure has not had and 
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The 
Borrower and each Guarantor will preserve and keep in full force all of 
their rights and franchises and those of their respective Subsidiaries, the 
preservation of which is necessary to the conduct of their business (except 
with respect to Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not Guarantors, where 
such failure has not had and could not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect).  The Borrower shall cause REIT to at all times 
comply with all requirements and Applicable Laws and regulations necessary 
to maintain REIT Status and continue to receive REIT Status.  The Borrower 
shall continue to own directly or indirectly one hundred percent (100%) of 
the Subsidiary Guarantors.  The common stock of REIT shall at all times 
during the term of this Agreement be listed for trading and be traded on 
the New York Stock Exchange or another nationally recognized exchange.

103
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)The Borrower and each Guarantor (i) will cause all of its properties and 
those of its Subsidiaries used or useful in the conduct of its business or 
the business of its Subsidiaries to be maintained and kept in good 
condition, repair and working order (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and 
supplied with all necessary equipment, and (ii) will cause to be made all 
necessary repairs, renewals, replacements, betterments and improvements 
thereof, in each case the failure of which involving a property that is not 
a Borrowing Base Property would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Insurance; Condemnation

.

(a)The Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor will, at its expense, procure 
and maintain, or cause to be procured and maintained, for the benefit of 
the Borrower, each such Subsidiary Guarantor and the Agent, insurance 
policies issued by such insurance companies, in such amounts, in such form 
and substance, and with such coverages, endorsements, deductibles and 
expiration dates as are acceptable to the Agent, providing the following 
types of insurance covering each Borrowing Base Property (except as may be 
otherwise approved by Agent with respect to a Borrowing Base Property which 
is entirely leased to a single tenant pursuant to a triple-net lease):

(i)“All Risks” or “Special Form” or the current equivalent form property 
insurance (including coverage from loss or damage arising from acts of 
terrorism) on each Building and the contents therein of the Borrower and 
each Subsidiary Guarantor in an amount not less than one hundred percent 
(100%) of the full replacement cost of each Building and the contents 
therein of the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor or such other amount 
as the Agent may approve, with deductibles not to exceed $100,000.00 for 
any one occurrence, with a replacement cost coverage endorsement, an agreed 
amount endorsement, and, if requested by the Agent, ordinance or law 
coverage in such amounts as the Agent may reasonably require.  Full 
replacement cost as used herein means the cost of replacing the Building 
(exclusive of the cost of excavations, foundations and footings below the 
lowest basement floor) and the contents therein of the Borrower and each 
Subsidiary Guarantor without deduction for physical depreciation thereof;

(ii)During the course of construction or repair of any Building, the 
insurance required by clause (i) above shall be written on a builders risk, 
completed value, non-reporting form, meeting all of the terms required by 
clause (i) above, covering the total value of work performed, materials, 
equipment, machinery and supplies furnished, existing structures, and 
temporary structures being erected on or near the Borrowing Base Property, 
including coverage against collapse and damage during transit or while 
being stored off-site, and containing a soft costs (including loss of 
rents) coverage endorsement and a permission to occupy endorsement;

(iii)Flood insurance if at any time any Building is located in any 
federally designated “special hazard area” (including any area having 
special flood, mudslide and/or flood-related erosion hazards, and shown on 
a Flood Hazard Boundary Map or a Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency as Zone A, AO, Al-30, AE, A99, AH, VO, 
V1-30, VE, V, M or E) and the flood coverage required by clause

104
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(i) above is not available, in an amount equal to the full replacement cost 
or the maximum amount then available under the National Flood Insurance 
Program;

(iv)Rent loss insurance in an amount sufficient to recover at least the 
total estimated gross receipts from all sources of income, including 
without limitation, rental income, for the Borrowing Base Property for a 
twelve (12) month period;

(v)Commercial general liability insurance against claims for personal 
injury (to include bodily injury and personal and advertising injury) and 
property damage liability, all on an occurrence basis, if commercially 
available, with such coverages as the Agent may reasonably request 
(including, without limitation, contractual liability coverage, completed 
operations coverage on the Borrowing Base Property, and coverages 
equivalent to an ISO broad form endorsement), with a general aggregate 
limit of not less than $2,000,000.00, a completed operations aggregate 
limit of not less than $2,000,000.00, and a combined single “per 
occurrence” limit of not less than $1,000,000.00 for bodily injury and 
property damage, medical professional liability insurance with limits of 
not less than $1,000,000.00;

(vi)During the course of construction or repair of any improvements on the 
Borrowing Base Property, the general contractor selected to oversee such 
improvements shall provide commercial general liability insurance 
(including completed operations coverage) naming Borrower as an additional 
insured, or in lieu thereof, may provide for such coverage by way of an 
owner’s contingent or protective liability insurance covering claims not 
covered by or under the terms or provisions of the insurance required by 
clause (v) above;

(vii)Employer’s liability insurance with respect to the Borrower’s 
employees (or if the Borrower have no employees, with respect to the 
employees of the managers under the Management Agreements);

(viii)Umbrella or excess liability insurance with limits of not less than 
$1,000,000.00 to be in excess of the limits of the insurance required by 
clauses (v), (vi) and (vii) above, with coverage at least as broad as the 
primary coverages of the insurance required by clauses (v), (vi) and (vii) 
above, with any excess liability insurance to be at least as broad as the 
coverages of the lead umbrella policy.  All such policies shall be endorsed 
to provide defense coverage obligations;

(ix)Workers’ compensation insurance for all employees of the Borrower or 
each Subsidiary Guarantor engaged on or with respect to the Borrowing Base 
Property with limits as required by Applicable Law (or if Borrower have no 
employees, for all employees of the managers under the Management 
Agreements); and

(x)Such other insurance in such form and in such amounts as may from time 
to time be reasonably required by the Agent against other insurable hazards 
and casualties which at the time are commonly insured against in the case 
of properties of similar character and location to the Borrowing Base 
Property.

The Borrower or Borrower’s designee shall pay all premiums on insurance 
policies.  The insurance policies with respect to all Borrowing Base 
Property provided for in clauses (v), (vi) and (viii) above shall name the 
Agent and each Lender as an additional insured and shall

105
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
contain a cross liability/severability endorsement.  The Borrower shall 
deliver certificates of insurance evidencing all such policies to the 
Agent, and the Borrower shall promptly furnish to the Agent all renewal 
notices and evidence that all premiums or portions thereof then due and 
payable have been paid.  Borrower shall provide to Agent a duplicate 
original or certified copy of the insurance policies required hereunder 
promptly after the original policy is received by Borrower.  Not less than 
ten (10) days prior to the expiration date of the policies, as the same may 
be reduced by Agent, the Borrower shall deliver to the Agent evidence of 
continued coverage, as may be satisfactory to the Agent, and within five 
(5) Business Days after the renewal date of such policies, the Borrower 
shall deliver a certificate of insurance to Agent, in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Agent.

(b)All policies of insurance required by this Agreement shall contain 
clauses or endorsements to the effect that (i) the insurer waives any right 
of set off, counterclaim, subrogation, or any deduction in respect of any 
liability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and the Agent, (ii) such 
policies shall not be modified so as to reduce or in any way negatively 
affect insurance coverage on any Borrowing Base Property, canceled or 
terminated prior to the scheduled expiration date thereof without the 
insurer thereunder giving at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to 
the Borrower by certified or registered mail; provided, however, that only 
ten (10) days prior written notice to Borrower shall be required if such 
cancellation or termination is due to non-payment of any insurance premium 
(provided further that Borrower shall within two (2) Business Days provide 
to Agent a copy of any notice received by Borrower pursuant to this clause 
(ii)), and (iii) that the Agent or the Lenders shall not be liable for any 
premiums thereon or subject to any assessments thereunder, and shall in all 
events be in amounts sufficient to avoid any coinsurance liability.

(c)The insurance required by this Agreement may be effected through a 
blanket policy or policies covering additional locations and property of 
the Borrower and other Persons not included in the Borrowing Base Property, 
provided that such blanket policy or policies comply with all of the terms 
and provisions of this §7.7, including, without limitation, the Agent’s 
determination based on a review of the schedule of locations and values 
that the amount of such coverage is sufficient in light of the other risks 
and properties insured under the blanket policy.

(d)All policies of insurance required by this Agreement shall be issued by 
companies authorized to do business in the State where the policy is issued 
and also in the States where the Borrowing Base Property is located and 
shall be issued by companies having a rating in Best’s Key Rating Guide of 
at least “A-” and a financial size category of at least “VIII”.

(e)Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary Guarantor shall carry separate 
insurance, concurrent in kind or form or contributing in the event of loss, 
with any insurance required under this Agreement unless such insurance 
complies with the terms and provisions of this §7.7.

(f)In the event of any loss or damage to or Taking of any Borrowing Base 
Property, the Borrower or the applicable Guarantor shall give prompt 
written notice to the insurance carrier and the Agent.  Each of the 
Borrower and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers the 
Agent, at the Agent’s option and in the Agent’s sole discretion or at

106
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the request of the Required Lenders in their sole discretion, as its 
attorney in fact, to make proof of such loss, to adjust and compromise any 
claim under insurance policies or as a result of a Taking, to appear in and 
prosecute any action arising from such insurance policies or as a result of 
a Taking, to collect and receive Insurance Proceeds and Condemnation 
Proceeds, and to deduct therefrom the Agent’s reasonable out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred in the collection of such Insurance Proceeds and 
Condemnation Proceeds; provided, however, that so long as no Default or 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and so long as the Borrower 
or any Guarantor shall in good faith diligently pursue such claim, the 
Borrower or such Guarantor may make proof of loss and appear in any 
proceedings or negotiations with respect to the adjustment of such claim, 
except that the Borrower or such Guarantor may not settle, adjust or 
compromise any such claim without the prior written consent of the Agent, 
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, 
further, that the Borrower or such Guarantor may make proof of loss and 
adjust and compromise any claim under casualty insurance policies which is 
in an amount less than five percent (5%) of the Appraised Value of the 
affected Borrowing Base Property so long as no Default or Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing and so long as the Borrower or such 
Guarantor shall in good faith diligently pursue such claim.  Except as 
provided in the immediately preceding sentence with respect to claims under 
casualty insurance policies of less than five percent (5%) of the Appraised 
Value of the affected Borrowing Base Property, Borrower or the applicable 
Guarantor shall pay to Agent any Insurance Proceeds and Condemnation 
Proceeds for Agent to hold and apply as provided in this §7.7.  The 
Borrower and each Guarantor further authorize the Agent, at the Agent’s 
option, subject to clause (g) below, to (i) apply the balance of such 
Insurance Proceeds and Condemnation Proceeds to the payment of the 
Obligations whether or not then due, or (ii) if the Agent shall require the 
reconstruction or repair of the Borrowing Base Property, to hold the 
balance of such proceeds as trustee to be used to pay taxes, charges, sewer 
use fees, water rates and assessments which may be imposed on the Borrowing 
Base Property and the Obligations as they become due during the course of 
reconstruction or repair of the Borrowing Base Property and to reimburse 
the Borrower or such Guarantor, in accordance with such terms and 
conditions as the Agent may prescribe, for, or to pay directly, the costs 
of reconstruction or repair of the Borrowing Base Property, and upon 
completion of such reconstruction or repair to pay any excess Insurance 
Proceeds to the Borrower, provided that (i) upon completion of such 
reconstruction or repair, such Borrowing Base Property is in compliance 
with all applicable state, federal and local laws, ordinances and 
regulations, including, without limitation, all building and zoning laws, 
ordinances and regulations and (ii) no Defaults or Events of Default exist 
or are continuing under this Agreement on the date of such payment to the 
Borrower.

(g)Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent shall make net Insurance 
Proceeds and Condemnation Proceeds available to the Borrower or such 
Guarantor to reconstruct and repair the Borrowing Base Property, in 
accordance with such terms and conditions as the Agent may prescribe in the 
Agent’s discretion for the disbursement of the proceeds, provided that (i) 
the cost of such reconstruction or repair is not estimated by the Agent to 
exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the replacement cost of the damaged 
Building (as reasonably estimated by the Agent), (ii) no Default or Event 
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (iii) the Borrower or 
such Guarantor shall have provided to the Agent additional cash security in 
an amount equal to the amount reasonably estimated by the Agent to be the 
amount in excess of such proceeds which will be required to complete such 
repair or restoration, (iv) the Agent shall have approved the plans and 
specifications, construction budget, construction contracts, and

107
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
construction schedule for such repair or restoration and reasonably 
determined that the repaired or restored Borrowing Base Property will 
provide the Agent with adequate security for the Obligations (provided that 
the Agent shall not disapprove such plans and specifications if the 
Building is to be restored to substantially its condition immediately prior 
to such damage), (v) the Borrower or such Guarantor shall have delivered to 
the Agent written agreements binding upon the Major Tenants and not less 
than eighty-five percent (85%) of the remaining tenants or other parties 
having present or future rights to possession of any portion of the 
affected Borrowing Base Property or having any right to require repair, 
restoration or completion of the Borrowing Base Property or any portion 
thereof (determined by reference to those tenants or other occupants that 
are not Major Tenants, that in the aggregate occupy or have rights to 
occupy not less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the Net Rentable Area of 
the Building), agreeing upon a date for delivery of possession of the 
Borrowing Base Property or their respective portions thereof, to permit 
time which is sufficient in the reasonable judgment of the Agent for such 
repair or restoration and approving the plans and specifications for such 
repair or restoration, or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the 
Agent that none of such tenants or other parties may terminate their Leases 
as a result of such casualty or as a result of having a right to approve 
the plans and specifications for such repair or restoration and prior to 
the exhaustion of expiration of any rental loss insurance coverage, (vi) 
the Agent shall reasonably determine that such repair or reconstruction can 
be completed prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (vii) the Agent 
shall receive evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that any such 
restoration, repair or rebuilding complies in all material respects with 
any and all applicable state, federal and local laws, ordinances and 
regulations, including without limitation, zoning laws, ordinances and 
regulations, and that all required permits, licenses and approvals relative 
thereto have been or will be issued in a manner so as not to materially 
impede the progress of restoration, (viii) the Agent shall receive evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to it that the insurer under such policies of fire 
or other casualty insurance does not assert any defense to payment under 
such policies against the Borrower, any Guarantor or the Agent, and (ix) 
with respect to any Taking, (a) the value of the land taken under such 
condemnation is less than $500,000.00; (b) less than five percent (5%) of 
the land is taken; (c) the land that is taken is located along the 
perimeter or periphery of the land; (d) access to the Borrowing Base 
Property is not affected in any way by the Taking; (e) no portion of the 
improvements are taken, and (x) the Agent shall receive evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to it that once the Borrowing Base Property has been 
reconstructed or repaired, and each of the other conditions set forth in 
this clause (g) have been satisfied, the Borrower will be in compliance, on 
a pro forma basis, with the covenants set forth in §9.1, §9.6, §9.7, §9.9 
and §9.10.  Any excess Insurance Proceeds shall be paid to the Borrower, or 
if a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such 
proceeds shall be applied to the payment of the Obligations, unless in 
either case by the terms of the applicable insurance policy the excess 
proceeds are required to be returned to such insurer.  Any excess 
Condemnation Proceeds shall be applied to the payment of the Obligations.  
In no event shall the provisions of this Section be construed to extend the 
Revolving Credit Maturity Date, the Term Loan A Maturity Date on the Term 
Loan B Maturity Date or to limit in any way any right or remedy of the 
Agent upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder.  If the 
Borrowing Base Property is sold or the Borrowing Base Property is acquired 
by the Agent, all right, title and interest of the Borrower and any 
Guarantor in and to any insurance policies to the extent that they relate 
to Borrowing Base Properties and unearned premiums thereon and in and to 
the proceeds thereof resulting from loss or damage to the Borrowing Base 
Property prior to the sale

108
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
or acquisition shall pass to the Agent or any other successor in interest 
to the Borrower or purchaser of the Borrowing Base Property.

(h)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, beginning on the 
Release of Security Date and continuing at all times thereafter, the 
Borrower will no longer be required to comply with the terms and conditions 
of this §7.7(a)-(g); provided, however, from the Release of Security Date 
and thereafter the Borrower, the Guarantors and their respective 
Subsidiaries (as applicable) will, at their expense, procure and maintain 
insurance covering the Borrower, the Guarantors and their respective 
Subsidiaries (as applicable) and the Real Estate other than the Borrowing 
Base Property in such amounts and against such risks and casualties as are 
customary for properties of similar character and location, due regard 
being given to the type of improvements thereon, their construction, 
location, use and occupancy.

Taxes; Liens

.  The Borrower and the Guarantors will, and will cause their respective 
Subsidiaries to, duly pay and discharge, or cause to be paid and 
discharged, before the same shall become delinquent, all taxes, assessments 
and other governmental charges imposed upon them or upon the Borrowing Base 
Assets or the other Real Estate, sales and activities, or any part thereof, 
or upon the income or profits therefrom as well as all claims for labor, 
materials or supplies that if unpaid might by law become a lien or charge 
upon any of its property or other Liens affecting any of the Borrowing Base 
Assets, the Collateral (prior to the Release of Security Date) or other 
property of the Borrower, the Guarantors or their respective Subsidiaries 
and all non-governmental assessments, levies, maintenance and other 
charges, whether resulting from covenants, conditions and restrictions or 
otherwise, water and sewer rents and charges assessments on any water 
stock, utility charges and assessments and owner association dues, fees and 
levies, provided that any such tax, assessment, charge or levy or claim 
need not be paid if the validity or amount thereof shall currently be 
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which shall suspend the 
collection thereof with respect to such property and the Borrower or 
applicable Guarantor shall not be subject to any fine, suspension or loss 
of privileges or rights by reason of such proceeding, neither such property 
nor any portion thereof or interest therein would be in any danger of sale, 
forfeiture, loss or suspension of operation  by reason of such proceeding 
and the Borrower, such Guarantor or any such Subsidiary shall have set 
aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP (or if, prior 
to the Release of Security Date, such aggregate amount so contested relates 
to a Borrowing Base Property and equals or exceeds $100,000, then Borrower 
shall have deposited with Agent as additional Collateral adequate reserves 
as reasonably determined by Agent); and provided, further, that forthwith 
upon the commencement of proceedings to foreclose any lien that may have 
attached as security therefor, the Borrower, such Guarantor or any such 
Subsidiary either (i) will provide a bond issued by a surety reasonably 
acceptable to the Agent and sufficient to stay all such proceedings or (ii) 
if no such bond is provided, will pay each such tax, assessment, charge or 
levy.  Prior to the Release of Security Date, Borrower shall deliver to the 
Agent evidence of payment of taxes, other assessments, levies and charges 
described in this §7.8 with respect to the Borrowing Base Properties 
promptly following payment thereof unless the same are being contested in 
accordance with the terms hereof and the other Loan Documents (provided 
that nothing in this §7.8 shall limit §7.4(j)).

Inspection of Properties and Books

.  The Borrower and the Guarantors will, and will cause their respective 
Subsidiaries to, permit the Agent and the Lenders, at the Borrower’s

109
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
expense and upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect any of the 
properties of the Borrower, each Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries (subject to the rights of tenants under their Leases), to 
examine the books of account of the Borrower, any Guarantor and their 
respective Subsidiaries (and to make copies thereof and extracts therefrom) 
and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower, any 
Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries with, and to be advised as to 
the same by, their respective officers, partners or members, all at such 
reasonable times and intervals as the Agent or any Lender may reasonably 
request, provided that so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing, the Borrower shall not be required to pay for 
such visits and inspections more often than once in any twelve (12) month 
period.  The Lenders shall use good faith efforts to coordinate such visits 
and inspections so as to minimize the interference with and disruption to 
the normal business operations of such Persons.

Compliance with Laws, Contracts, Licenses, and Permits

.  The Borrower and the Guarantors will, and will cause each of their 
respective Subsidiaries to, comply in all respects with (a) all Applicable 
Laws and regulations now or hereafter in effect wherever its business is 
conducted, including all Environmental Laws, (b) the provisions of its 
corporate charter, partnership agreement, limited liability company 
agreement or declaration of trust, as the case may be, and other charter 
documents and bylaws, (c) all agreements and instruments to which it is a 
party or by which it or any of its properties may be bound, (d) all 
applicable decrees, orders, and judgments, and (e) all licenses and permits 
required by Applicable Laws and regulations for the conduct of its business 
or the ownership, use or operation of its properties, except where failure 
to so comply with clauses (a), (c) or (e) would not result in the material 
non-compliance with the items described in such clauses.  To the extent 
permitted by the terms of the Leases, the Borrower and the Guarantors will 
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Operator of the Borrowing 
Base Assets that is not affiliated with Borrower to comply in all respects 
with (a) all Applicable Laws and regulations now or hereafter in effect 
with respect to such Borrowing Base Assets or the business conducted 
thereon, including all Environmental Laws, (b) all applicable decrees, 
orders, and judgments relating to such Borrowing Base Assets, and (c) all 
licenses and permits required by Applicable Laws and regulations for the 
conduct of its business or the ownership, use or operation of its 
properties, except where failure to so comply with clauses (a), (b) or (c) 
would not result in the material non-compliance with the items described in 
such clauses.  If any authorization, consent, approval, permit or license 
from any officer, agency or instrumentality of any government shall become 
necessary or required in order that the Borrower, any Guarantor or their 
respective Subsidiaries may fulfill any of its obligations hereunder, the 
Borrower, such Guarantor or such Subsidiary will promptly take or cause to 
be taken all steps reasonably necessary to obtain such authorization, 
consent, approval, permit or license and furnish the Agent and the Lenders 
with evidence thereof.  The Borrower shall develop and implement such 
programs, policies and procedures as are necessary to comply with the 
Patriot Act and shall promptly advise the Agent in writing in the event 
that the Borrower shall determine that any investors in the Borrower are in 
violation of such act.

Further Assurances

.  The Borrower and each Guarantor will and will cause each of their 
respective Subsidiaries to, cooperate with the Agent and the Lenders and 
execute such further instruments and documents as the Lenders or the Agent 
shall reasonably request to carry out to their satisfaction the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

110
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Management

.  The Borrower shall not and shall not permit any Subsidiary Guarantor to 
enter into any Management Agreement for any Borrowing Base Property that is 
a multi-tenanted MOB or multi-tenanted IMF without the prior written 
consent of the Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), and after 
such approval, no such Management Agreement shall be modified in any 
material respect or terminated without the Agent’s prior written approval, 
such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.  Prior to the occurrence of 
the Release of Security Date the Agent may condition any approval of a new 
manager engaged by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor or a new 
Management Agreement with respect to a Borrowing Base Property that is a 
multi-tenanted MOB or multi-tenanted IMF upon the execution and delivery to 
the Agent of a Subordination of Management Agreement.  The Borrower shall 
not and shall not permit any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other Subsidiary 
to increase any management fee payable under a Management Agreement after 
the date the applicable Real Estate that is a multi-tenanted MOB or 
multi-tenanted IMF becomes a Borrowing Base Property without the prior 
written consent of the Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, beginning on 
the Release of Security Date and continuing at all times thereafter, the 
Borrower will no longer be required to comply with the terms and conditions 
of this §7.12.

Leases of the Property

.  The Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor will give notice to the Agent 
of any proposed new Lease that would be with a Major Tenant at any 
Borrowing Base Property for the lease of space therein and shall provide to 
the Agent a copy of the proposed Lease and any and all agreements or 
documents related thereto, current financial information for the proposed 
tenant and any guarantor of the proposed Lease and such other information 
as the Agent may reasonably request.  Neither the Borrower nor any 
Subsidiary Guarantor will (a) lease all or any portion of a Borrowing Base 
Property or amend, supplement or otherwise modify or grant any concessions 
to or waive the performance of any obligations of any Major Tenant under, 
any now existing or future Lease at any Borrowing Base Property, or (b) 
terminate or cancel, or accept the surrender of, or consent to the 
assignment or subletting of any new existing or future Lease at any 
Borrowing Base Property with any Major Tenant, without the prior written 
consent of the Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, 
delayed or conditioned.  Except for security deposits, there has been no 
anticipation or prepayment of any of the rents, income, issues, profits or 
revenues from the Borrowing Base Properties for more than one (1) month 
prior to the due dates of such revenues, and the Borrower will not permit 
any Guarantor to collect or accept payment of any such revenues more than 
one (1) month prior to the due dates of such revenues.

Business Operations

.  REIT and its Subsidiaries shall operate their respective businesses in 
substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields and 
lines of business as such business is now conducted and such other lines of 
business that are reasonably related or incidental thereto and in 
compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Loan 
Documents.  Neither REIT nor the Borrower will, or permit any of their 
respective Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, engage in any line of 
business other than the ownership, operation and development of Medical 
Properties.

111
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Healthcare Laws and Covenants

.

(a)Without limiting the generality of any other provision of this 
Agreement, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, and their employees 
and contractors (other than contracted agencies) in the exercise of their 
duties on behalf of the Borrower or the Subsidiary Guarantors (with respect 
to its operation of the Borrowing Base Properties), shall be in compliance 
in all material respects with all applicable Healthcare Laws and 
accreditation and registration standards and requirements of the applicable 
state department of health or other applicable state regulatory agency 
(each, a “State Regulator”), in each case, as are now in effect and which 
may be imposed upon the Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor, any Operator 
affiliated with Borrower, or the maintenance, use or operation of the 
Borrowing Base Properties or the provision of services to the occupants of 
the Borrowing Base Properties.  The Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor 
have maintained and shall continue to maintain in all material respects all 
records required to be maintained by any Governmental Authority or Third 
Party Payor Program or otherwise under the Healthcare Laws and there are no 
presently existing circumstances which would result or likely would result 
in material violations of the Healthcare Laws.  The Borrower, the 
Subsidiary Guarantors and Operators have and will maintain all Primary 
Licenses and Permits necessary under Applicable Laws to own and/or operate 
the Borrowing Base Properties, as applicable (including such Primary 
Licenses and Permits as are required under such Healthcare Laws).

(b)The Borrower represents that none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary 
Guarantor is (i) a “covered entity” or “business associate” within the 
meaning of HIPAA or submits claims or reimbursement requests to Third-Party 
Payor Programs “electronically” (within the meaning of HIPAA) or (ii) is 
subject to the “Administrative Simplification” provisions of HIPAA.  If the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor at any time becomes a “covered 
entity”, “business associate” or subject to the “Administrative 
Simplification” provisions of HIPAA, then such Persons (x) will promptly 
undertake all necessary surveys, audits, inventories, reviews, analyses 
and/or assessments (including any necessary risk assessments) of all areas 
of its business and operations required by HIPAA and/or that could be 
adversely affected by the failure of such Person(s) to be HIPAA Compliant 
(as defined below); (y) will promptly develop a detailed plan and time line 
for becoming HIPAA Compliant (a “HIPAA Compliance Plan”); and (z) will 
implement those provisions of such HIPAA Compliance Plan in all material 
respects necessary to ensure that such Person(s) are or become HIPAA 
Compliant.  For purposes hereof, “HIPAA Compliant” shall mean that the 
Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable (A) are or will be in 
material compliance with each of the applicable requirements of the 
so-called “Administrative Simplification” provisions of HIPAA on and as of 
each date that any party thereof, or any final rule or regulation 
thereunder, becomes effective in accordance with its or their terms, as the 
case may be (each such date, a “HIPAA Compliance Date”), if and to the 
extent the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor are subjected to such 
provisions, rules or regulations, and (B) are not and could not reasonably 
be expected to become, as of any date following any such HIPAA Compliance 
Date, the subject of any civil or criminal penalty, process, claim, action 
or proceeding, or any administrative or other regulatory review, survey, 
process or proceeding (other than routine surveys or reviews conducted by 
any government health plan or other accreditation entity) that could result 
in any of the foregoing or that could reasonably be expected to adversely 
affect the Borrower’s or any Subsidiary Guarantor’s business, operations, 
assets, properties or condition (financial or

112
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
otherwise), in connection with any actual or potential violation by the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor of the then effective provisions of 
HIPAA.

(c)The Borrower shall not, nor shall the Borrower permit any Subsidiary 
Guarantor to, do (or suffer to be done) any of the following with respect 
to any Borrowing Base Property:

(i)Transfer any Primary Licenses relating to such Borrowing Base Property 
to any other location;

(ii)Amend the Primary Licenses in such a manner that results in a material 
adverse effect on the rates charged, or otherwise diminish or impair the 
nature, tenor or scope of the Primary Licenses without the Agent’s consent;

(iii)Transfer all or any part of any Borrowing Base Property’s units or 
beds to another site or location; or

(iv)Voluntarily transfer or encourage the transfer of any resident of any 
Borrowing Base Property to any other facility (other than to another 
Borrowing Base Property), unless such transfer is (A) at the request of the 
resident, (B) for reasons relating to the health, required level of medical 
care or safety of the resident to be transferred or the residents remaining 
at such Borrowing Base Property or (C) as a result of the disruptive 
behavior of the transferred resident that is detrimental to the Borrowing 
Base Property.

(d)If and when the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor participates in any 
Medicare, Medicaid or other Third-Party Payor Programs with respect to the 
Borrowing Base Properties, the Borrowing Base Properties will remain in 
compliance with all requirements necessary for participation in Medicare, 
Medicaid and such other Third-Party Payor Programs.  If and when an 
Operator participates in any Medicare, Medicaid or other Third-Party Payor 
Programs with respect to the Borrowing Base Properties, where expressly 
empowered by the applicable Lease or Operators' Agreement, the Borrower or 
such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall enforce the express 
obligation of such Operator (if any) to cause its Borrowing Base Property 
to remain in compliance with all requirements necessary for participation 
in the Medicare, Medicaid and such other Third-Party Payor Programs.  Where 
expressly empowered by the applicable Lease or Operators' Agreement, the 
Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall enforce the 
obligations of the Operator thereunder (if any) to cause its Borrowing Base 
Property to remain in conformance in all material respects with all 
Healthcare Laws, as well as all insurance, reimbursement and cost reporting 
requirements, and, if applicable, to have such Operator maintain its 
current provider agreement(s) in full force and effect with Medicare, 
Medicaid and any other Third Party Payor Programs in which it participates.

(e)If the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor receives written notice of 
any Healthcare Investigation after the Closing Date, the Borrower will 
promptly obtain and provide to the Agent the following information with 
respect thereto:  (i) number of records requested, (ii) dates of service, 
(iii) dollars at risk, (iv) date records submitted, (v) determinations, 
findings, results and denials (including number, percentage and dollar 
amount of claims denied,

113
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(vi) additional remedies proposed or imposed, (vii) status update, 
including appeals, and (viii) any other pertinent information related 
thereto.

Registered Servicemark

.  Without prior written notice to the Agent, except with respect to the 
trademarks, tradenames, servicemarks or logos listed on Schedule 6.6 
hereto, none of the Borrowing Base Properties shall be owned or operated by 
the Borrower or any Guarantor under any trademark, tradename, servicemark 
or logo.  In the event that prior to the Release of Security Date any of 
the Borrowing Base Properties shall be owned or operated under any 
tradename, trademark, servicemark or logo, not listed on Schedule 6.6, the 
Borrower or the applicable Guarantor shall enter into such agreements with 
the Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, as 
the Agent may reasonably require to grant the Agent a perfected first 
priority security interest therein and to grant to the Agent or any 
successful bidder at a foreclosure sale of such Borrowing Base Property the 
right and/or license to continue operating such Borrowing Base Property 
under such tradename, trademark, servicemark or logo as determined by the 
Agent.

Ownership of Real Estate

.  Without the prior written consent of the Agent, all Real Estate and all 
interests (whether direct or indirect) of REIT, General Partner or the 
Borrower in any Real Estate assets now owned or leased or acquired or 
leased after the date hereof shall be owned or leased directly by the 
Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided, however 
that the Borrower shall be permitted to own or lease interests in Real 
Estate through non‑Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates 
of the Borrower as permitted by §8.3(l).

Distributions of Income to the Borrower

.  The Borrower shall cause all of its Subsidiaries (subject to the terms 
of any loan documents under which such Subsidiary is the borrower) to 
promptly distribute to the Borrower (but not less frequently than once each 
calendar quarter, unless otherwise approved by the Agent), whether in the 
form of dividends, distributions or otherwise, all profits, proceeds or 
other income relating to or arising from its Subsidiaries’ use, operation, 
financing, refinancing, sale or other disposition of their respective 
assets and properties after (a) the payment by each Subsidiary of its debt 
service, operating expenses, capital improvements and leasing commissions 
for such quarter and (b) the establishment of reasonable reserves for the 
payment of operating expenses not paid on at least a quarterly basis and 
capital improvements and tenant improvements to be made to such 
Subsidiary’s assets and properties approved by such Subsidiary in the 
course of its business consistent with its past practices.  

Plan Assets

.  The Borrower, the Guarantors and each of their respective Subsidiaries 
will do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to ensure that none of 
its Real Estate will be deemed to be Plan Assets at any time.

Borrowing Base Assets

.

(a)The Eligible Real Estate and Borrowing Base Loans included in the 
calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability shall at all times satisfy 
all of the following conditions:

114
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(i)the Eligible Real Estate shall be owned one hundred percent (100%) in 
fee simple, or leased under a Ground Lease, by a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of 
Borrower that is a Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case free and clear of all 
Liens other than the Liens permitted in §8.2(i) and (ix), and other Liens 
approved in writing by Agent, and such Eligible Real Estate shall not have 
applicable to it any restriction on the sale, pledge, transfer, mortgage or 
assignment of such property (including any restrictions contained in any 
applicable organizational documents);

(ii)none of the Eligible Real Estate shall have any material title, survey, 
environmental, structural or other defects except as reasonably approved by 
the Agent and the Borrowing Base Majority Lenders;

(iii)if such Eligible Real Estate is held by a Subsidiary Guarantor, the 
only asset of such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be Eligible Real Estate 
included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability;

(iv)each Operator’s Agreement and Lease with a Major Tenant for a Borrowing 
Base Property shall obligate the Operator or tenant to provide to Borrower 
or the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor sufficient and timely financial 
information, separate for the specific location at the Borrowing Base 
Property, to permit calculation of clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the 
definition of Adjusted Net Operating Income and determine whether such 
property is an EBITDAR Stabilized Property or a Newly-Built Property;

(v)no Person other than the Borrower has any direct or indirect ownership 
of any legal, equitable or beneficial interest in such Subsidiary 
Guarantor, and no direct or indirect ownership or other interests or rights 
in any such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be subject to any Lien except any 
Lien in favor of Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents;

(vi)no tenant or group of Affiliates thereof which leases ninety percent 
(90%) or more of the Net Rentable Area of such Real Estate (A) is in 
default of base rent or other material payment obligations under its 
respective Lease for more than seventy-five (75) days beyond the date upon 
which such payment obligations were due, or (B) is subject to any 
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, 
dissolution, liquidation or similar debtor relief proceeding;

(vii)the Primary License of such Eligible Real Estate shall not have been 
revoked or the subject of any revocation proceeding, no event or 
circumstance shall have occurred or exist which would result in the 
Operator thereof no longer being entitled to reimbursement under Medicare 
or Medicaid and the Operator shall be in compliance in all material 
respects with all applicable Healthcare Laws and accreditation and 
registration standards and requirements of the applicable State Regulator, 
in each case, as are now in effect and which may be imposed upon such 
Operator or the maintenance, use or operation of the Borrowing Base 
Properties or the provision of services to the occupants of the Borrowing 
Base Properties;

(viii)there shall have been at no time any change in any Major Tenant of a 
Borrowing Base Property (whether by assignment, substitution or otherwise) 
from the Major

115
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Tenants of such Borrowing Base Property as of the date of acceptance of 
such Real Estate as a Borrowing Base Property unless approved by Agent in 
writing; and

(ix)if such Borrowing Base Asset is a Borrowing Base Loan, such Borrowing 
Base Loan shall at all times satisfy all of the following conditions:

(A)such Borrowing Base Loan is secured by real estate that satisfies the 
requirements of clauses (b), (c), (d), (f), (g), (h) and (i) of the 
definition of Eligible Real Estate;

(B)the real estate subject to the Borrowing Base Loan shall be owned one 
hundred percent (100%) in fee simple or leased under a Ground Lease by the 
Collateral Borrower, free and clear of all Liens other than the Liens 
securing the Borrowing Base Loans and other Liens approved in writing by 
Agent;

(C)none of the real estate securing the Borrowing Base Loan shall have any 
material environmental, structural, title or other defects, and not be 
subject to any condemnation proceeding, that in any event would give rise 
to a materially adverse effect as to the value, use of, operation of or 
ability to sell or finance such property;

(D)Prior to the occurrence of the Release of Security Date, Borrower’s or 
the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor’s entire interest in the Borrowing Base 
Loan shall have been assigned to Agent pursuant to the Security Documents 
and Agent shall have a perfected first priority security interest therein.  
Without limiting the foregoing, no interest in any Borrowing Base Loan 
Document shall have been pledged or assigned to any Person other than the 
pledge to Agent;

(E)the Borrowing Base Loan Documents shall be owned one hundred percent 
(100%) by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor free and clear of all 
Liens, other than prior to the occurrence of the Release of Security Date 
the Lien in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders and the Lender 
Hedge Providers, and of any claims or rights of participation of any other 
Person, and free of any restrictions on transfer, assignment or pledge 
thereof;

(F)for any Borrowing Base Loans added after the date of this Agreement, the 
maturity date (inclusive of any extension options) of the Borrowing Base 
Loan must be not later than five (5) years after the date such Borrowing 
Base Loan is first included in the calculation of Borrowing Base 
Availability, and the Borrowing Base Loan Documents for Borrowing Base 
Loans shall otherwise be in form and substance satisfactory to Agent;

(G)the Borrowing Base Loan shall not be a Defaulted Loan or a Delinquent 
Loan;

(H)except as approved by Agent, the Collateral Borrower shall have no 
Indebtedness other than the Borrowing Base Loan and other Indebtedness 
applicable to the real estate and of the type permitted under §8.1(c) or 
(d);

116
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(I)the Borrowing Base Loan and Borrowing Base Loan Documents shall satisfy 
each other condition in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
applicable thereto; and

(J)not more than twenty percent (20%) of the Borrowing Base Availability 
shall at any time be attributable to Borrowing Base Loans.

(b)In the event that all or any material portion of any Eligible Real 
Estate included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability shall 
be damaged in any material respect or taken by condemnation, then such 
property shall no longer be included in the calculation of the Borrowing 
Base Availability unless and until (i) any damage to such real estate is 
repaired or restored, such real estate becomes fully operational and the 
Agent shall receive evidence satisfactory to the Agent of the value of such 
real estate following such repair or restoration (both at such time and 
prospectively) or (ii) the Agent shall receive evidence satisfactory to the 
Agent (which evidence may include the availability of rent loss and other 
insurance) that the value of such real estate (both at such time and 
prospectively) shall not be materially adversely affected by such damage or 
condemnation.  In the event that such damage or condemnation only partially 
affects such Eligible Real Estate included in the calculation of the 
Borrowing Base Availability, then the Borrowing Base Majority Lenders may 
in good faith reduce the Borrowing Base Availability attributable thereto 
based on such damage until such time as the Borrowing Base Majority Lenders 
receive evidence satisfactory to the Borrowing Base Majority Lenders that 
the value of such real estate (both at such time and prospectively) shall 
no longer be materially adversely affected by such damage or condemnation.

(c)Upon any asset ceasing to qualify to be included in the calculation of 
the Borrowing Base Availability, such asset shall no longer be included in 
the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability unless otherwise 
approved in writing by the Borrowing Base Majority Lenders.  Within five 
(5) Business Days after becoming aware of any such disqualification, the 
Borrower shall deliver to the Agent a certificate reflecting such 
disqualification, together with the identity of the disqualified asset, a 
statement as to whether any Default or Event of Default arises as a result 
of such disqualification, and a calculation of the Borrowing Base 
Availability attributable to such asset.  Simultaneously with the delivery 
of the items required pursuant above, the Borrower shall deliver to the 
Agent an updated Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating, after giving 
effect to such removal or disqualification, compliance with the conditions 
and covenants contained in §§5.4, 7.20, 9.1, 9.6, 9.7, 9.9 and 9.10.

(d)Following the Release of Security Date, the Borrower may voluntarily 
remove any Borrowing Base Asset from the calculation of the Borrowing Base 
Availability in its sole discretion, by delivering to the Agent, no later 
than five (5) Business Days prior to date on which such removal is to be 
effected, notice of such removal, together with a statement that no Default 
or Event of Default then exists or would, upon the occurrence of such event 
or with passage of time, result from such removal, the identity of the 
Borrowing Base Asset being removed, and a calculation of the value 
attributable to such Borrowing Base Asset.  Simultaneously with the 
delivery of the items required pursuant above, the Borrower shall deliver 
to the Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate and Borrowing Base 
Certificate demonstrating, after giving effect to such removal or 
disqualification, compliance with the

117
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
covenants contained in §7.20 and §9, together with any payment of the Loan 
necessary to cause compliance with the foregoing.

Operators’ Agreements

.  Borrower and each Guarantor shall, (a) promptly perform and/or observe 
all of the material covenants and agreements required to be performed and 
observed by it under each Operators’ Agreement to which it is a party, and 
do all things necessary to preserve and to keep unimpaired its rights 
thereunder, (b) promptly notify Agent in writing of the giving of any 
notice of any default by any party under any Operators’ Agreement and (c) 
promptly enforce the performance and observance of all of the material 
covenants and agreements required to be performed and/or observed by the 
other party under each Operators’ Agreement to which it is a party in a 
commercially reasonable manner.  None of the Borrower or the Guarantors 
shall without Agent’s prior written reasonable consent:  (w) enter into, 
surrender or terminate any Operators’ Agreement to which it is a party, (x) 
increase or consent to the increase of the amount of any charges or fees 
under any Operators’ Agreement to which it is a party; (y) transfer, assign 
or encumber any Operators’ Agreement except to Agent pursuant to the Loan 
Documents; or (z) otherwise modify, change, supplement, alter or amend, or 
waive or release any of its rights and remedies under any Operators’ 
Agreement to which it is a party in any material respect.  Prior to the 
occurrence of the Release of Security Date the Agent may pursuant to this 
§7.21 condition any approval of a new Operator engaged by the Borrower or a 
Subsidiary Guarantor or a new Operators' Agreement that is a Management 
Agreement with respect to a Borrowing Base Property upon the execution and 
delivery to the Agent of a Subordination of Management Agreement.

§7.22 [Intentionally Omitted.]

Assignment of Interest Rate Protection

.  In the event that the Borrower shall enter into an interest rate cap, 
swap, collar or other interest rate protection agreement with a Lender 
Hedge Provider (the “Interest Hedge”), then as a condition to the 
obligations of Borrower with respect thereto constituting Hedge Obligations 
for the purposes of the Loan Documents, Borrower shall execute and deliver 
to Agent the Assignment of Hedge, such legal opinions as to Borrower, and 
consents to and acknowledgments of such pledge by the provider of the 
Interest Hedge as Agent may reasonably require.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, unless the provisions of this §7.23 are complied with, no Lender 
Hedge Provider shall have any right or benefit under or from the Loan 
Documents or the Collateral.  Notwithstanding any herein to the contrary, 
beginning on the Release of Security Date and continuing at all times 
thereafter, the Borrower will no longer be required to comply with the 
terms and conditions of this §7.23.

Sanctions Laws and Regulations

.  The Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the 
Loans or any Letter of Credit or lend, contribute or otherwise make 
available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, Unconsolidated Affiliate or 
other Person (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any 
Designated Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of such 
funding is itself the subject of territorial sanctions under applicable 
Sanctions Laws and Regulations, (ii) in any manner that would result in a 
violation of applicable Sanctions Laws and Regulations by any party to this 
Agreement, or (iii) in any manner that would cause the Borrower or any of 
its Subsidiaries to violate the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
or any other applicable laws, rules or regulations concerning or relating 
to bribery or corruption.  None of the funds or assets of the Borrower that 
are used to pay any amount due pursuant to this

118
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Agreement shall constitute funds obtained from transactions with or 
relating to Designated Persons or countries which are themselves the 
subject of territorial sanctions under applicable Sanctions Laws and 
Regulations.  Borrower shall maintain policies and procedures designed to 
promote and achieve compliance with Sanctions Laws and Regulations and with 
applicable anti-corruption laws, rules or regulations.

Preservation of Right to Pledge Borrowing Base Assets

.  The Borrower, each Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries shall 
each take such actions as are necessary to preserve its right and ability 
to pledge its interest in the Borrowing Base Assets to the Agent without 
any such pledge after the date hereof causing a default or event of default 
under, or causing or permitting the acceleration (after the giving of 
notice or the passage of time, or otherwise) of, any other Indebtedness of 
the Borrower, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries; 
provided, however, that this §7.25 shall not prohibit from and after the 
occurrence of the Release of Security Date (a) an agreement that conditions 
a Person’s ability to encumber its assets to be included in a pool of 
unencumbered properties to comply with financial covenant ratios with 
respect to Unsecured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement or upon the 
maintenance of one or more specified ratios that limit such Person’s 
ability to encumber its assets included in agreements evidencing Unsecured 
Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement but that in each case do not 
generally prohibit the encumbrance of its assets, or the encumbrance of 
specific assets, and that in any of such events are substantially similar 
to, or less restrictive than, those covenants and/or ratios contained in 
this Agreement, or (b) a provision contained in any agreement that 
evidences Unsecured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement which contains 
restrictions on encumbering assets that are substantially similar to, or 
less restrictive than, those restrictions contained in this Agreement.  
Borrower shall, upon demand, provide to the Agent such evidence as the 
Agent may reasonably require to evidence compliance with this §7.25, which 
evidence shall include, without limitation, copies of any agreements or 
instruments which would in any way restrict or limit Borrower’s or 
Guarantor’s or any such Subsidiary’s ability to pledge assets as security 
for Indebtedness, or which provide for the occurrence of a default (after 
the giving of notice or the passage of time, or otherwise) if assets are 
pledged in the future as security for Indebtedness of such Borrower, any 
Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries.

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

.

The Borrower covenants and agrees that, so long as any Loan, Note or Letter 
of Credit is outstanding or any of the Lenders has any obligation to make 
any Loans or issue any Letter of Credit:

Restrictions on Indebtedness

.  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Guarantor or their 
respective Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, guarantee or be or 
remain liable, contingently or otherwise, with respect to any Indebtedness 
other than:

(a)Indebtedness to the Lenders arising under any of the Loan Documents;

(b)Indebtedness to the Lender Hedge Providers in respect of any Hedge 
Obligations;

119
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)current liabilities of the Borrower, the Guarantors or their respective 
Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business but not incurred 
through (i) the borrowing of money, or (ii) the obtaining of credit except 
for credit on an open account basis customarily extended and in fact 
extended in connection with normal purchases of goods and services;

(d)Indebtedness in respect of taxes, assessments, governmental charges or 
levies and claims for labor, materials and supplies to the extent that 
payment therefor shall not at the time be required to be made in accordance 
with the provisions of §7.8;

(e)Indebtedness in respect of judgments only to the extent, for the period 
and for an amount not resulting in a Default;

(f)endorsements for collection, deposit or negotiation and warranties of 
products or services, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of 
business;

(g)subject to the provisions of §9, Secured Debt that is Recourse 
Indebtedness (excluding the Obligations), provided that the aggregate 
amount of such Indebtedness shall not at any time exceed fifteen percent 
(15%) of Gross Asset Value;

(h)subject to the provisions of §8.1 and §9, Secured Debt (excluding the 
Obligations, but including Non-Recourse Indebtedness), provided that the 
aggregate amount of such Secured Debt shall not exceed forty percent 
(40.0%) of Gross Asset Value at any time; and  

(i)From and after the occurrence of the Release of Security Date and 
subject to the provisions of §9, Recourse Indebtedness that is Unsecured 
Indebtedness (including, without limitation, any completion or other 
guarantees, whether incurred directly, indirectly or through an 
Unconsolidated Affiliate); provided that the financial covenants and 
restrictions on liens contained in the documents evidencing such Unsecured 
Indebtedness are substantially similar to, or less restrictive than, the 
restrictions set forth in this Agreement, and provided that from and after 
the Release of Security Date, the Indebtedness described in this §8.1(i) 
may have any of the Borrowing Base Assets or any interest therein or any 
direct or indirect ownership interest in the Borrower or any Subsidiary 
Guarantor as an unsecured borrowing base, asset pool or similar form of 
credit support for such Unsecured Indebtedness.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) none of the 
Indebtedness described in §8.1(g) or (h) above shall have any of the 
Borrowing Base Assets or any interest therein or any direct or indirect 
ownership interest in the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor as 
collateral, a borrowing base, asset pool or any similar form of credit 
support for such Indebtedness, provided that from and after the Release of 
Security Date, the Indebtedness described in §8.1(i) may, subject to the 
terms of this Agreement, have any of the Borrowing Base Assets as an 
unsecured borrowing base, asset pool or similar form of credit support for 
such Unsecured Indebtedness, and (ii) none of the Subsidiary Guarantors 
shall create, incur, assume, guarantee or be or remain liable, contingently 
or otherwise, with respect to any Indebtedness (including, without 
limitation, pursuant to any conditional or limited guaranty or indemnity 
agreement creating liability with respect to usual and customary exclusions 
from the non recourse limitations governing the Non-Recourse Indebtedness 
of any Person, or otherwise)

120
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
other than Indebtedness described in §8.1(a), 8.1(b), 8.1(c), 8.1(d), 
8.1(e) and 8.1(f), provided that from and after the Release of Security 
Date, the Subsidiary Guarantors may guarantee other Unsecured Indebtedness 
permitted by 8.1(i) subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Restrictions on Liens, Etc.

  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Guarantor or their 
respective Subsidiaries to (a) create or incur or suffer to be created or 
incurred or to exist any lien, security title, encumbrance, mortgage, deed 
of trust, security deed, pledge, negative pledge, charge, restriction or 
other security interest of any kind upon any of their respective property 
or assets of any character whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or upon 
the income or profits therefrom; (b) transfer any of their property or 
assets or the income or profits therefrom for the purpose of subjecting the 
same to the payment of Indebtedness or performance of any other obligation 
in priority to payment of its general creditors; (c) acquire, or agree or 
have an option to acquire, any property or assets upon conditional sale or 
other title retention or purchase money security agreement, device or 
arrangement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic 
effect as any of the foregoing); (d) suffer to exist for a period of more 
than thirty (30) days after the same shall have been incurred any 
Indebtedness or claim or demand against any of them that if unpaid could by 
law or upon bankruptcy or insolvency, or otherwise, be given any priority 
whatsoever over any of their general creditors; (e) sell, assign, pledge or 
otherwise transfer any accounts, contract rights, general intangibles, 
chattel paper or instruments, with or without recourse; (f) in the case of 
securities, create or incur or suffer to be created or incurred any 
purchase option, call or similar right with respect to such securities; or 
(g) incur or maintain any obligation to any holder of Indebtedness of any 
of such Persons which prohibits the creation or maintenance of any lien 
securing the Obligations (collectively, “Liens”); provided that 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Borrower, 
any Guarantor or any such Subsidiary may create or incur or suffer to be 
created or incurred or to exist:

(i)Liens on properties to secure taxes, assessments and other governmental 
charges (excluding any Lien imposed pursuant to any of the provisions of 
ERISA or pursuant to any Environmental Laws) or claims for labor, material 
or supplies incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of 
obligations not then delinquent or which are being contested as permitted 
under this Agreement;

(ii)Liens on assets other than (A) the Collateral, (B) the Collateral 
Account, (C) the Borrowing Base Properties, (D) the Borrowing Base Loans, 
or (E) any direct or indirect interest of the Borrower, any Guarantor or 
any Subsidiary of the Borrower in any Guarantor, in respect of judgments 
permitted by §8.1(e);

(iii)deposits or pledges made in connection with, or to secure payment of, 
workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions or other 
social security obligations;

(iv)encumbrances on properties other than Borrowing Base Properties 
consisting of easements, rights of way, zoning restrictions, leases and 
other occupancy agreements, restrictions on the use of real property and 
defects and irregularities in the title thereto, landlord’s or lessor’s 
liens under leases to which the Borrower or a Subsidiary of such Person is 
a party, and other minor non-monetary liens or encumbrances none of which 
interferes

121
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
materially with the use of the property affected in the ordinary conduct of 
the business of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary, which defects do not 
individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect;

(v)liens on properties or interests therein (but excluding (A) the 
Collateral, (B) the Collateral Account, (C) the Borrowing Base Properties, 
(D) the Borrowing Base Loans, or (E) any direct or indirect interest of the 
Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any 
Subsidiary Guarantor) to secure Indebtedness of Subsidiaries of the 
Borrower that are not Subsidiary Guarantors permitted by §8.1(g) and (h);

(vi)rights of setoff or bankers’ liens upon deposits of cash in favor of 
banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in 
connection with the maintenance of such deposit accounts in the ordinary 
course of business;

(vii)Liens of Capitalized Leases;

(viii)Liens in favor of the Agent and the Lenders under the Loan Documents 
to secure the Obligations and the Hedge Obligations;

(ix)Prior to the Release Security Date, leases, liens and encumbrances on a 
Borrowing Base Property reflected in the Title Policy approved by Agent and 
from and after the Release of Security Date, encumbrances on Borrowing Base 
Properties consisting of easements, rights of way, zoning restrictions, 
leases and other occupancy agreements, restrictions on the use of real 
property and defects and irregularities in the title thereto, and other 
minor non-monetary liens or encumbrances none of which interferes 
materially with the use of the property affected in the ordinary conduct of 
the business of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary, and which do not 
individually or in the aggregate have a material impact in the 
marketability of such property;

(x)Liens securing the performance of bids, trade contracts (other than 
borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, 
performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the 
ordinary course of business; and

(xi)Liens against the ownership interest of Borrower or any Guarantor in an 
Unconsolidated Affiliate created pursuant to the terms of the applicable 
organizational agreements.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (A) no 
Guarantor shall create or incur or suffer to be created or incurred or to 
exist any Lien other than Liens contemplated in (i) with respect to any 
Subsidiary Guarantor that directly or indirectly owns a Borrowing Base 
Asset, §§8.2(i), 8.2(vi), 8.2(viii), and 8.2(ix), and (ii) with respect to 
REIT, General Partner and TRS, §§8.2(i) and 8.2(vi), and (B) Borrower shall 
not create or incur or suffer to be created or to occur or to exist any 
Lien (except in favor of Agent) in its direct or indirect interest in MRT 
Lakeway RealCo so long as the Lakeway Loan or the Lakeway Asset is a 
Borrowing Base Asset.

Restrictions on Investments

.  Neither the Borrower will, nor will it permit any Guarantor or any of 
its Subsidiaries to, make or permit to exist or to remain outstanding any 
Investment except Investments in:

122
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(a)marketable direct or guaranteed obligations of the United States of 
America that mature within one (1) year from the date of purchase by the 
REIT or its Subsidiary;

(b)marketable direct obligations of any of the following:  Federal Home 
Loan Mortgage Corporation, Student Loan Marketing Association, Federal Home 
Loan Banks, Federal National Mortgage Association, Government National 
Mortgage Association, Bank for Cooperatives, Federal Intermediate Credit 
Banks, Federal Financing Banks, Export-Import Bank of the United States, 
Federal Land Banks, or any other agency or instrumentality of the United 
States of America;

(c)demand deposits, certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time 
deposits of United States banks having total assets in excess of 
$100,000,000; provided, however, that the aggregate amount at any time so 
invested with any single bank (other than any Lender) having total assets 
of less than $1,000,000,000 will not exceed $200,000;

(d)commercial paper assigned the highest rating by two (2) or more national 
credit rating agencies and maturing not more than ninety (90) days from the 
date of creation thereof;

(e)bonds or other obligations having a short term unsecured debt rating of 
not less than A-1+ by S&P and P-1+ by Moody’s and having a long term debt 
rating of not less than A by S&P and A1 by Moody’s issued by or by 
authority of any state of the United States, any territory or possession of 
the United States, including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and agencies 
thereof, or any political subdivision of any of the foregoing;

(f)repurchase agreements having a term not greater than ninety (90) days 
and fully secured by securities described in the foregoing §§8.3(a), 8.3(b) 
or 8.3(c) with banks described in the foregoing §8.3(c) or with financial 
institutions or other corporations having total assets in excess of 
$500,000,000; and

(g)shares of so-called “money market funds” registered with the SEC under 
the Investment Company Act of 1940 which maintain a level per-share value, 
invest principally in investments described in the foregoing §§8.3(a) 
through 8.3(f) and have total assets in excess of $50,000,000.

(h)the acquisition of fee or leasehold interests by the Borrower or its 
Subsidiaries in (i) Real Estate which is utilized for Medical Properties 
located in the continental United States or the District of Columbia and 
businesses and investments incidental thereto, and (ii) subject to the 
restrictions set forth in this §8.3, the acquisition of Land Assets to be 
developed for the foregoing purpose;

(i)Investments by the Borrower in Subsidiaries that are directly or 
indirectly one hundred percent (100%) owned by the Borrower, which in turn 
own Investments permitted by this §8.3;

(j)Investments in Land Assets;

123
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(k)Investments in Mortgage Note Receivables secured by properties of the 
type described in §8.3(h)(i);

(l)Investments in non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated 
Affiliates, which in turn own Investments permitted by this §8.3; and

(m)Investments in Development Properties for properties of the type 
described in §8.3(h)(i), provided that the aggregate construction and 
development budget for Development Properties (including land) shall not 
exceed five percent (5%) of Gross Asset Value.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the aggregate value of the 
holdings of the Borrower, any Guarantor and their Subsidiaries in the 
Investments described in §8.3(j), (k), (l) and (m) exceed twenty-five 
percent (25%) of Gross Asset Value at any time (provided that Borrower’s 
Investment in the Lakeway Loan shall be excluded from §8.3(k) when 
calculating compliance with the foregoing limitation).

For the purposes of this §8.3, the Investment of REIT or any of its 
Subsidiaries in any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated 
Affiliates will equal (without duplication) the sum of (i) such Person’s 
Equity Percentage of their non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated 
Affiliates’ Investments valued in the manner set forth for the 
determination of Gross Asset Value, or if not included therein, at the GAAP 
book value.

Merger, Consolidation

.  Other than with respect to or in connection with any disposition 
permitted under §8.8, the Borrower will not, nor will it permit the 
Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries to, become a party to 
any dissolution, liquidation, disposition of all or substantially all of 
its assets or business, merger, reorganization, consolidation or other 
business combination or agree to effect any asset acquisition, stock 
acquisition or other acquisition individually or in a series of 
transactions which may have a similar effect as any of the foregoing, in 
each case without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no Default or Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing immediately before and after giving effect 
thereto, the following shall be permitted without the consent of the Agent 
or any Lender:  (i) the merger or consolidation of one or more of the 
Subsidiaries of the Borrower (other than any Subsidiary that is a 
Guarantor) with and into the Borrower (it being understood and agreed that 
in any such event the Borrower will be the surviving Person), (ii) the 
merger or consolidation of two or more Subsidiaries of the Borrower; 
provided that no such merger or consolidation shall involve any Subsidiary 
that is a Guarantor unless such Guarantor will be the surviving Person, and 
(iii) the liquidation or dissolution of any Subsidiary of the Borrower that 
does not own any assets so long as such Subsidiary is not a Guarantor (or 
if such Subsidiary is a Guarantor, so long as the Borrower and such 
Subsidiary comply with the provisions of §5.5 and §5.6).  Nothing in this 
§8.4 shall prohibit the dissolution of a Subsidiary which has disposed of 
its assets in accordance with this Agreement.  A Subsidiary of the Borrower 
may sell all of its assets (and may effectuate such sale by merger or 
consolidation with another Person, with such other Person being the 
surviving entity) subject to compliance with the terms of this Agreement 
(including, without limitation, §§5.4 and 8.8), and after any such 
permitted sale, may dissolve.

124
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Sale and Leaseback

.  The Borrower will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries, to enter 
into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby the Borrower or any 
such Subsidiary shall sell or transfer any Real Estate owned by it in order 
that then or thereafter the Borrower or any such Subsidiary shall lease 
back such Real Estate without the prior written consent of the Agent, such 
consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

Compliance with Environmental Laws

.  None of the Borrower nor any Guarantor will, nor will any of them permit 
any of their respective Subsidiaries or any other Person to, do any of the 
following:  (a) use any of the Real Estate or any portion thereof as a 
facility for the handling, processing, storage or disposal of Hazardous 
Substances, except for quantities of Hazardous Substances used in the 
ordinary course of operating Medical Properties as permitted under this 
Agreement and in material compliance with all applicable Environmental 
Laws, (b) cause or permit to be located on any of the Real Estate any 
underground tank or other underground storage receptacle for Hazardous 
Substances except in compliance with Environmental Laws, (c) generate any 
Hazardous Substances on any of the Real Estate except in compliance with 
Environmental Laws, (d) conduct any activity at any Real Estate or use any 
Real Estate in any manner that could reasonably be contemplated to cause a 
Release of Hazardous Substances on, upon or into the Real Estate or any 
surrounding properties or any threatened Release of Hazardous Substances 
which could reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under CERCLA 
or any other Environmental Law, or (e) directly or indirectly transport or 
arrange for the transport of any Hazardous Substances (except in compliance 
with all Environmental Laws), except, with respect to any Real Estate that 
is not a Borrowing Base Property, where any such use, generation, conduct 
or other activity has not had and could not reasonably be expected to have 
a Material Adverse Effect.

The Borrower and the Guarantors shall, and shall cause their respective 
Subsidiaries to:

(i)in the event of any change in Environmental Laws after the date of this 
Agreement governing the assessment, release or removal of Hazardous 
Substances, take all reasonable action (including, without limitation, the 
conducting of engineering tests at the sole expense of the Borrower) to 
confirm that no Hazardous Substances are or ever were Released or disposed 
of on the Borrowing Base Properties in violation of applicable 
Environmental Laws; and

(ii)if any Release or disposal of Hazardous Substances which any Person may 
be legally obligated to contain, correct or otherwise remediate or which 
may otherwise expose it to liability shall occur or shall have occurred on 
the Borrowing Base Properties (including, without limitation, any such 
Release or disposal occurring prior to the acquisition or leasing of such 
Borrowing Base Property by the Borrower or any Guarantor), the Borrower 
shall, after obtaining knowledge thereof, cause the prompt containment and 
removal of such Hazardous Substances and remediation of the Borrowing Base 
Properties in full compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws; 
provided, that each of the Borrower and a Guarantor shall be deemed to be 
in compliance with Environmental Laws for the purpose of this clause (ii) 
so long as it or a responsible third party with sufficient financial 
resources is taking reasonable action to remediate or manage any event of 
noncompliance to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent and no action 
shall have been commenced or filed by any enforcement agency.  The Agent 
may

125
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
engage its own Environmental Engineer to review the environmental 
assessments and the compliance with the covenants contained herein.

(iii)At any time after an Event of Default shall have occurred hereunder, 
the Agent may at its election (and will at the request of the Required 
Lenders) obtain such environmental assessments of any or all of the 
Borrowing Base Properties prepared by an Environmental Engineer as may be 
necessary or advisable for the purpose of evaluating or confirming (A) 
whether any Hazardous Substances are present in the soil or water at or 
adjacent to any such Borrowing Base Property and (B) whether the use and 
operation of any such Borrowing Base Property complies with all 
Environmental Laws to the extent required by the Loan Documents.  
Additionally, at any time that the Agent or the Required Lenders shall have 
reasonable grounds to believe that a Release or threatened Release of 
Hazardous Substances which any Person may be legally obligated to contain, 
correct or otherwise remediate or which otherwise may expose such Person to 
liability may have occurred, relating to any Borrowing Base Property, or 
that any of the Borrowing Base Properties is not in compliance with 
Environmental Laws to the extent required by the Loan Documents, the 
Borrower shall promptly upon the request of the Agent obtain and deliver to 
the Agent such environmental assessments of such Borrowing Base Property 
prepared by an Environmental Engineer as may be necessary or advisable for 
the purpose of evaluating or confirming (A) whether any Hazardous 
Substances are present in the soil or water at or adjacent to such 
Borrowing Base Property and (B) whether the use and operation of such 
Borrowing Base Property comply with all Environmental Laws to the extent 
required by the Loan Documents.  Environmental assessments may include 
detailed visual inspections of such Borrowing Base Property including, 
without limitation, any and all storage areas, storage tanks, drains, dry 
wells and leaching areas, and the taking of soil samples, as well as such 
other investigations or analyses as are reasonably necessary or appropriate 
for a complete determination of the compliance of such Borrowing Base 
Property and the use and operation thereof with all applicable 
Environmental Laws.  All environmental assessments contemplated by this 
§8.6 shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower.

Distributions

.

(a)The Borrower shall not pay any Distribution to the partners, members or 
other owners of the Borrower, and General Partner and REIT shall not pay 
any Distribution to their partners, members or other owners, to the extent 
that the aggregate amount of such Distributions paid, when added to the 
aggregate amount of all other Distributions paid in any period of four (4) 
consecutive calendar quarters, exceeds ninety-five percent (95%) of such 
Person’s Funds from Operations for such period (provided that the period of 
measurement shall commence January 1, 2017 and such test in this §8.7(a) 
shall be tested by annualizing the results from such quarter until four (4) 
consecutive calendar quarters thereafter have elapsed); provided that the 
limitations contained in this §8.7(a) shall not preclude Distributions in 
an amount equal to the minimum distributions required under the Code to 
maintain the REIT Status of REIT, as evidenced by a certification of the 
principal financial or accounting officer of REIT containing calculations 
in detail reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent.

(b)If a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, 
the Borrower, General Partner and REIT shall make no Distributions to their 
respective partners, members or other owners, other than Distributions in 
an amount equal to the minimum

126
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
distributions required under the Code to maintain the REIT Status of the 
REIT, as evidenced by a certification of the principal financial or 
accounting officer of the REIT containing calculations in detail reasonably 
satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent.

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time when an Event of Default 
under §§12.1(a) or 12.1(b) shall have occurred, an Event of Default under 
§§12.1(g), 12.1(h) or 12.1(i) shall have occurred, or the maturity of the 
Obligations has been accelerated, neither the Borrower, General Partner nor 
REIT shall make any Distributions whatsoever, directly or indirectly.

Asset Sales

.  The Borrower will not, and will not permit the Guarantors or their 
respective Subsidiaries to, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of (a) all 
or substantially all of their assets or (b) any material asset other than 
pursuant to a bona fide arm’s length transaction.

Restriction on Prepayment of Indebtedness

.  The Borrower and the Guarantors will not, and will not permit their 
respective Subsidiaries to, (a) during the existence of any Default or 
Event of Default, prepay, redeem, defease, purchase or otherwise retire the 
principal amount, in whole or in part, of any Indebtedness other than the 
Obligations; provided, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (x) the 
prepayment of Indebtedness which is financed solely from the proceeds of a 
new loan which would otherwise be permitted by the terms of §8.1, and (y) 
the prepayment, redemption, defeasance or other retirement of the principal 
of Indebtedness secured by Real Estate which is satisfied solely from the 
proceeds of a sale of the Real Estate securing such Indebtedness; or (b) 
modify any document evidencing any Indebtedness (other than the 
Obligations) to accelerate the maturity date or required payments of 
principal of such Indebtedness during the existence of an Event of Default.

Zoning and Contract Changes and Compliance

.  Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor shall (a) initiate or consent to 
any zoning reclassification of any of its Borrowing Base Property or seek 
any variance under any existing zoning ordinance or use or permit the use 
of any Borrowing Base Property in any manner that could result in such use 
becoming a non-conforming use under any zoning ordinance or any other 
applicable land use law, rule or regulation or (b) initiate any change in 
any laws, requirements of governmental authorities or obligations created 
by private contracts and Leases which now or hereafter may materially 
adversely affect the ownership, occupancy, use or operation of any 
Borrowing Base Property.

Derivatives Contracts

.  Neither the Borrower, the Guarantors nor any of their respective 
Subsidiaries shall contract, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any 
Derivatives Contracts except for Hedge Obligations and interest rate swap, 
collar, cap or similar agreements providing interest rate protection and 
currency swaps and currency options made in the ordinary course of business 
and permitted pursuant to §8.1.

Transactions with Affiliates

.  The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Guarantor or Subsidiary 
of any of them to, permit to exist or enter into, any transaction 
(including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the 
rendering of any service) with any Affiliate (but not including the 
Borrower or any Guarantor), except (i) transactions set forth on Schedule 
6.14 attached hereto and (ii) transactions in the ordinary course of 
business pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the business of such 
Person and upon fair and

127
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
reasonable terms which are no less favorable to such Person than would be 
obtained in a comparable arm’s length transaction with a Person that is not 
an Affiliate.

Equity Pledges

.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the 
Borrower, the General Partner nor the REIT will create or incur or suffer 
to be created or incurred any Lien on any legal, equitable or beneficial 
interest of the REIT in the General Partner or the Borrower, of General 
Partner in the Borrower or, except pursuant to the Assignment of Interests, 
of Borrower in any Subsidiary Guarantor, including, without limitation, any 
Distributions or rights to Distributions on account thereof.

Management Fees

.  The Borrower shall not pay, and shall not permit any Guarantor to pay, 
any management fees or other payments under any Management Agreement for 
any Borrowing Base Asset to the Borrower, any other manager that is an 
Affiliate of the Borrower or any other manager, in the event that a Default 
or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

Burdensome Agreements

.  Borrower shall not, nor shall Borrower permit any Guarantor or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into any 
Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document) that limits the ability (a) of any Subsidiary to make dividend or 
distribution payments to the Borrower or any Guarantor or to otherwise 
transfer property to the Borrower or any Guarantor, or (b) of any Guarantor 
or any Subsidiary to guarantee the Indebtedness of the Borrower; provided, 
however, that (x) this §8.15(a) and (b) shall not prohibit any such 
restrictions incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness 
that is permitted under §8.1(g) and (h) and is secured by a Lien on Real 
Estate (and/or the proceeds thereof) that is permitted under §8.2(v), 
solely to the extent any such restriction relates to such Real Estate 
(and/or the proceeds thereof), the entity owning such Real Estate or the 
direct Equity Interests in such entity.

FINANCIAL COVENANTS

.

The Borrower covenants and agrees that, so long as any Loan, Note or Letter 
of Credit is outstanding or any Lender has any obligation to make any Loans 
or issue any Letter of Credit:

Borrowing Base Availability

.  

(a)At any time prior to the occurrence of the Release of Security Date, the 
Borrower shall not at any time permit the outstanding principal balance of 
the Revolving Credit Loans, the Swing Loans, the Letter of Credit 
Liabilities, the Term Loans A and the Term Loans B to be greater than the 
Borrowing Base Availability.

(b)Commencing upon the occurrence of the Release of Security Date and 
continuing at all times thereafter, the Borrower shall not at any time 
permit Consolidated Total Unsecured Indebtedness (including the sum of the 
Outstanding Loans and all Outstanding Letter of Credit Liabilities) to be 
greater than the Borrowing Base Availability.

Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Gross Asset Value

.  The Borrower will not at any time permit the ratio of Consolidated Total 
Indebtedness to Gross Asset Value (expressed as a percentage) to exceed 
sixty percent (60%); provided, however, that for no more than two (2)

128
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
periods of up to two (2) consecutive calendar quarters immediately 
following a Material Acquisition of which Borrower has given Agent written 
notice (with such two (2) consecutive fiscal quarter period to include the 
quarter in which such Material Acquisition is consummated), the ratio 
(expressed as a percentage) of such Consolidated Total Indebtedness to 
Gross Asset Value may exceed sixty percent (60%) but shall not exceed 
sixty-five percent (65%) during such period.

Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Fixed Charges

.  The Borrower will not at any time permit the ratio of Consolidated 
EBITDA determined for the most recently ended two (2) calendar quarters, 
annualized. to Consolidated Fixed Charges for the most recently ended two 
(2) calendar quarters, annualized. to be less than 1.75 to 1.  

Minimum Consolidated Tangible Net Worth

.  The Borrower will not at any time permit Consolidated Tangible Net Worth 
to be less than the sum of (a) $275,000,000.00, plus (b) seventy-five 
percent (75%) of the sum of any additional Net Offering Proceeds after the 
date of this Agreement.

§9.5[Intentionally Omitted]  

Aggregate Occupancy Rate

.  The Borrower will not at any time permit the Aggregate Occupancy Rate 
for the Borrowing Base Properties (excluding Borrowing Base Properties that 
are Newly-Built Properties) to be less than eighty-five percent (85%).

Remaining Lease Term

.  As of the end of each calendar quarter, the Borrowing Base Properties 
included in the calculation of Borrowing Base Availability shall maintain 
on a collective basis a minimum weighted average remaining initial lease 
term of Leases of not less than five (5) years remaining (for each 
multi-tenant Borrowing Base Property included in the calculation of 
Borrowing Base Availability, a weighted average lease term taking into 
account all Leases with Major Tenants within such Borrowing Base Property 
shall be used for the calculation required by this §9.7).

§9.8[Intentionally Omitted.]

Minimum Property Requirement

.  The Borrowing Base Assets shall at all times consist of not less than 
ten (10) Borrowing Base Properties with an aggregate Appraised Value of not 
less than $375,000,000.00; provided that commencing on the Release of 
Security Date and continuing at all times thereafter, the Borrowing Base 
Assets shall at all times consist of not less than fifteen (15) Borrowing 
Base Properties with an aggregate Appraised Value of not less than 
$500,000,000.00.  

Concentration Limits

.

(a)Adjusted Net Operating Income from a Lease or Leases to any single 
tenant or any group of Affiliates thereof shall not account for more than 
twenty-five percent (25%) (or with respect to the aggregate Adjusted Net 
Operating Income by the tenants described in the definition of Texas Ten 
Portfolio and their Affiliates, thirty-five percent (35%)) of Adjusted Net 
Operating Income from the Borrowing Base Properties (the “Single Tenant 
Limitation”); provided that a failure to satisfy the requirements of this 
§9.10(a) shall not result in

129
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
any Real Estate not being included as a Borrowing Base Property, but any 
such rent and other payments accounting for more than the Single Tenant 
Limitation shall be excluded for purposes of calculating Adjusted Net 
Operating Income and Borrowing Base Availability.

(b)No more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the Borrowing Base 
Availability shall be attributable to any single Borrowing Base Property; 
provided that a failure to satisfy the requirements of this §9.10(b) shall 
not result in any Real Estate not being included as a Borrowing Base 
Property, but any Borrowing Base Availability in excess of such limitation 
shall be excluded.

(c)No more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the total Adjusted Net 
Operating Income or the aggregate Appraised Value of the Borrowing Base 
Properties shall be attributable to Newly-Built Properties, provided that a 
failure to satisfy the requirements of this §9.10(c) shall not result in 
any Real Estate not being included as a Borrowing Base Property but any 
such Adjusted Net Operating Income or Appraised Value in excess of such 
limitation shall be excluded for purposes of calculating Adjusted Net 
Operating Income and Borrowing Base Availability.

CLOSING CONDITIONS

.

The obligation of the Lenders to make the Loans or issue the Letter(s) of 
Credit shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
precedent:

Loan Documents

.  Each of the Loan Documents shall have been duly executed and delivered 
by the respective parties thereto and shall be in full force and effect.  
The Agent shall have received a fully executed counterpart of each such 
document, except that each Lender shall have received the fully-executed 
original of its Note.

Certified Copies of Organizational Documents

.  The Agent shall have received from the Borrower and each Guarantor a 
copy, certified as of a recent date by the appropriate officer of each 
State in which such Person is organized and (with respect to any Guarantor 
that owns a Borrowing Base Property) in which such Borrowing Base Property 
is located and a duly authorized officer, partner or member of such Person, 
as applicable, to be true and complete, of the partnership agreement, 
corporate charter or operating agreement and/or other organizational 
agreements of the Borrower and each such Guarantor, as applicable (or with 
respect to partnership agreements and operating agreements previously 
delivered to Agent pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement, a 
certification that there have been no changes to such agreements and that 
they remain in full force and effect) and its qualification to do business, 
as applicable, as in effect on such date of certification.

Resolutions

.  All action on the part of the Borrower and each Guarantor, as 
applicable, necessary for the valid execution, delivery and performance by 
such Person of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such 
Person is or is to become a party shall have been duly and effectively 
taken, and evidence thereof reasonably satisfactory to the Agent shall have 
been provided to the Agent.

Incumbency Certificate; Authorized Signers

.  The Agent shall have received from the Borrower and each Guarantor an 
incumbency certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, signed

130
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
by a duly authorized officer of such Person and giving the name and bearing 
a specimen signature of each individual who shall be authorized to sign, in 
the name and on behalf of such Person, each of the Loan Documents to which 
such Person is or is to become a party.

Opinion of Counsel

.  The Agent shall have received an opinion addressed to the Lenders and 
the Agent and dated as of the Closing Date from counsel to the Borrower and 
each Guarantor in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

Payment of Fees

.  The Borrower shall have paid to the Agent the fees payable pursuant to 
§4.2.

Performance; No Default

.  The Borrower and each Guarantor shall have performed and complied with 
all terms and conditions herein required to be performed or complied with 
by it on or prior to the Closing Date, and on the Closing Date there shall 
exist no Default or Event of Default.

Representations and Warranties

.  The representations and warranties made by the Borrower and each 
Guarantor in the Loan Documents or otherwise made by or on behalf of the 
Borrower, the Guarantors and their respective Subsidiaries in connection 
therewith or after the date thereof shall have been true and correct in all 
material respects when made and shall also be true and correct in all 
material respects on the Closing Date.

Proceedings and Documents

.  All proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be reasonably satisfactory to 
the Agent and the Agent’s counsel in form and substance, and the Agent 
shall have received all information and such counterpart originals or 
certified copies of such documents and such other certificates, opinions, 
assurances, consents, approvals or documents as the Agent and the Agent’s 
counsel may reasonably require.

Eligible Real Estate Qualification Documents

.  The Eligible Real Estate Qualification Documents for each Borrowing Base 
Asset added to the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability on the 
Closing Date shall have been delivered to the Agent at the Borrower’s 
expense and shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Agent.  On the Closing Date, the only Borrowing Base Asset added to the 
calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability is the Lakeway Loan.

Compliance Certificate and Borrowing Base Certificate

.  The Agent shall have received a Compliance Certificate and a Borrowing 
Base Certificate dated as of the date of the Closing Date demonstrating 
compliance with each of the covenants calculated therein as of the most 
recent calendar quarter for which the Borrower has provided financial 
statements under §6.4.

Appraised Values

.  The Agent shall have determined an Appraised Value for any Borrowing 
Base Properties.

Consents

.  The Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to the 
Agent that all necessary stockholder, partner, member or other consents 
required in

131
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents have been obtained.

Contribution Agreement

.  The Agent shall have received an executed counterpart of the 
Contribution Agreement.

§10.15[Intentionally Omitted.]

Good Standing

.  The Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it 
that Borrower remains in good standing with the Delaware Secretary of 
State.

Insurance

.  The Agent shall have received certificates of insurance as required by 
this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.

Other

.  The Agent shall have reviewed such other documents, instruments, 
certificates, opinions, assurances, consents and approvals as the Agent or 
the Agent’s Special Counsel may reasonably have requested.

CONDITIONS TO ALL BORROWINGS

.

The obligations of the Lenders to make any Loan or issue any Letter of 
Credit, whether on or after the Closing Date, shall also be subject to the 
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

Prior Conditions Satisfied

.  All conditions set forth in §10 shall continue to be satisfied as of the 
date upon which any Loan is to be made or any Letter of Credit is to be 
issued.

Representations True; No Default

.  Each of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of the 
Borrower, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries contained 
in this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or in any document or 
instrument delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall 
be true and correct in all material respects both as of the date as of 
which they were made and shall also be true and correct in all material 
respects as of the time of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such 
Letter of Credit, with the same effect as if made at and as of that time 
(it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which 
by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true 
and correct only as of such specified date), except to the extent of 
changes resulting from transactions or other events permitted by the Loan 
Documents, and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing.

Borrowing Documents

.  The Agent shall have received a fully completed Loan Request for such 
Loan and the other documents and information as required by §2.7, or a 
fully completed Letter of Credit Request required by §2.10, as applicable.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT; ACCELERATION; ETC.

 

Events of Default and Acceleration

.  If any of the following events (“Events of Default” or, if the giving of 
notice or the lapse of time or both is required, then, prior to such notice 
or lapse of time, “Defaults”) shall occur:

132
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(a)the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of the Loans when the same 
shall become due and payable, whether at the stated date of maturity or any 
accelerated date of maturity or at any other date fixed for payment;

(b)the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on the Loans, any 
reimbursement obligations with respect to the Letters of Credit or any fees 
or other sums due hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents when 
the same shall become due and payable, whether at the stated date of 
maturity or any accelerated date of maturity or at any other date fixed for 
payment;

(c)the Borrower shall fail to perform any term, covenant or agreement 
contained in §9, and with respect to a failure to comply with §9.1 only, 
such failure shall continue for five (5) Business Days after such 
occurrence;

(d)any of the Borrower, the Guarantors or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries shall fail to perform any other term, covenant or agreement 
contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents which they are 
required to perform (other than those specified in the other subsections or 
clauses of this §12 or in the other Loan Documents);

(e)any representation or warranty made by or on behalf of the Borrower, the 
Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries in this Agreement or any 
other Loan Document, or any report, certificate, financial statement, 
request for a Loan, Letter of Credit Request, or in any other document or 
instrument prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower or a Guarantor and 
delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, any advance of 
a Loan, the issuance of any Letter of Credit or any of the other Loan 
Documents shall prove to have been false in any material respect upon the 
date when made or deemed to have been made or repeated;

(f)the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries shall fail pay 
when due (including, without limitation, at maturity), or within any 
applicable period of grace, any obligation for borrowed money or credit 
received or other Indebtedness (including under any Derivatives Contract), 
or shall fail to observe or perform any term, covenant or agreement 
contained in any agreement by which it is bound, evidencing or securing any 
obligation for borrowed money or credit received or other Indebtedness 
(including under any Derivatives Contract) for such period of time as would 
permit (assuming the giving of appropriate notice if required) the holder 
or holders thereof or of any obligations issued thereunder to accelerate 
the maturity thereof or require the prepayment, redemption, purchase, 
termination or other settlement thereof; provided, however, that the events 
described in this §12.1(f) shall not constitute an Event of Default unless 
such failure to perform, together with other failures to perform as 
described in §12.1(f), involves singly or in the aggregate obligations for 
Indebtedness totaling in excess of $5,000,000.00;

(g)any of the Borrower, the Guarantors, or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries, (i) shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or 
admit in writing its general inability to pay or generally fail to pay its 
debts as they mature or become due, or shall petition or apply for the 
appointment of a trustee or other custodian, liquidator or receiver for it 
or any substantial part of its assets, (ii) shall commence any case or 
other proceeding relating to

133
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
it under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, 
readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation or similar law of any 
jurisdiction, now or hereafter in effect, or (iii) shall take any action to 
authorize or in furtherance of any of the foregoing;

(h)a petition or application shall be filed for the appointment of a 
trustee or other custodian, liquidator or receiver of any of the Borrower, 
the Guarantors, or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any substantial 
part of the assets of any thereof, or a case or other proceeding shall be 
commenced against any such Person under any bankruptcy, reorganization, 
arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation 
or similar law of any jurisdiction, now or hereafter in effect, and any 
such Person shall indicate its approval thereof, consent thereto or 
acquiescence therein or such petition, application, case or proceeding 
shall not have been dismissed within sixty (60) days following the filing 
or commencement thereof;

(i)a decree or order is entered appointing a trustee, custodian, liquidator 
or receiver for any of the Borrower, the Guarantors, or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries or adjudicating any such Person, bankrupt or 
insolvent, or approving a petition in any such case or other proceeding, or 
a decree or order for relief is entered in respect of any such Person in an 
involuntary case under federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter 
constituted;

(j)there shall remain in force, undischarged, unsatisfied and unstayed, for 
more than thirty (30) days, whether or not consecutive, one (1) or more 
uninsured or unbonded final judgments against the Borrower, any Guarantor 
or any of their respective Subsidiaries that, either individually or in the 
aggregate, exceed $5,000,000.00 per occurrence or during any twelve (12) 
month period;

(k)any of the Loan Documents or the Contribution Agreement shall be 
disavowed, canceled, terminated, revoked or rescinded otherwise than in 
accordance with the terms thereof or the express prior written agreement, 
consent or approval of the Lenders, or any action at law, suit in equity or 
other legal proceeding to disavow, cancel, revoke, rescind or challenge or 
content the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the 
Contribution Agreement shall be commenced by or on behalf of the Borrower 
or any Guarantor, or any court or any other governmental or regulatory 
authority or agency of competent jurisdiction shall make a determination, 
or issue a judgment, order, decree or ruling, to the effect that any one or 
more of the Loan Documents or the Contribution Agreement is illegal, 
invalid or unenforceable in accordance with the terms thereof;

(l)any dissolution, termination, partial or complete liquidation, merger or 
consolidation of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries shall occur or any sale, transfer or other disposition of the 
assets of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries shall occur, in each case, other than as permitted under the 
terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;

(m)with respect to any Guaranteed Pension Plan, an ERISA Reportable Event 
shall have occurred and the Required Lenders shall have determined in their 
reasonable discretion that such event reasonably could be expected to 
result in liability of the Borrower, the Guarantors or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries to the PBGC or such Guaranteed Pension Plan in an 
aggregate amount exceeding $5,000,000.00 and (x) such event in the 
circumstances

134
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
occurring reasonably could constitute grounds for the termination of such 
Guaranteed Pension Plan by the PBGC or for the appointment by the 
appropriate United States District Court of a trustee to administer such 
Guaranteed Pension Plan; or (y) a trustee shall have been appointed by the 
United States District Court to administer such Plan; or (z) the PBGC shall 
have instituted proceedings to terminate such Guaranteed Pension Plan;

(n)the forfeiture to the United States of America of (i) any assets of the 
Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries which in 
the good faith judgment of the Required Lenders could reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Collateral, (iii) the 
Collateral Account or (iv) any Borrowing Base Assets;

(o)any Guarantor denies that it has any liability or obligation under the 
Guaranty or any other Loan Document, or shall notify the Agent or any of 
the Lenders of such Guarantor’s intention to attempt to cancel or terminate 
the Guaranty or any other Loan Document, or shall fail to observe or comply 
with any term, covenant, condition or agreement under any Guaranty or any 
other Loan Document;

(p)any Change of Control shall occur without the consent of the Required 
Lenders; or

(q)an Event of Default under any of the other Loan Documents shall occur;

then, and in any such event, the Agent may, and, upon the request of the 
Required Lenders, shall by notice in writing to the Borrower declare all 
amounts owing with respect to this Agreement, the Notes, the Letters of 
Credit and the other Loan Documents to be, and they shall thereupon 
forthwith become, immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly 
waived by the Borrower; provided that in the event of any Event of Default 
specified in §§12.1(g), 12.1(h) or 12.1(i), all such amounts shall become 
immediately due and payable automatically and without any requirement of 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind from any of the 
Lenders or the Agent, the Borrower hereby expressly waiving any right to 
notice of intent to accelerate and notice of acceleration.  Upon demand by 
the Agent or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders in their absolute and 
sole discretion after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event 
of Default, and regardless of whether the conditions precedent in this 
Agreement for a Revolving Credit Loan have been satisfied, the Revolving 
Credit Lenders will cause a Revolving Credit Loan to be made in the undrawn 
amount of all Letters of Credit.  The proceeds of any such Revolving Credit 
Loan will be pledged to and held by the Agent as security for any amounts 
that become payable under the Letters of Credit and all other Obligations 
and Hedge Obligations.  In the alternative, if demanded by the Agent in its 
absolute and sole discretion after the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, the Borrower will deposit into the 
Collateral Account and pledge to the Agent cash in an amount equal to the 
amount of all undrawn Letters of Credit.  Such amounts will be pledged to 
and held by the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders as security for any 
amounts that become payable under the Letters of Credit and all other 
Obligations and Hedge Obligations.  Upon any draws under Letters of Credit, 
at the Agent’s sole discretion, the Agent may apply any such amounts to the 
repayment of amounts drawn thereunder and upon the expiration of the 
Letters of Credit any remaining amounts will be applied to the payment of 
all other Obligations and Hedge Obligations or if there are no

135
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
outstanding Obligations and Hedge Obligations and the Lenders have no 
further obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or issue Letters of 
Credit or if such excess no longer exists, such proceeds deposited by the 
Borrower will be released to the Borrower.

Certain Cure Periods; Limitation of Cure Periods

.

(a)Notwithstanding anything contained in §12.1 to the contrary, (i) no 
Event of Default shall exist hereunder upon the occurrence of any failure 
described in §12.1(b) in the event that the Borrower cures such Default 
within five (5) Business Days after the date such payment is due (or, with 
respect to any payments other than interest on the Loans, any reimbursement 
obligations with respect to the Letters of Credit or any fees due under the 
Loan Documents, within five (5) Business Days after written notice thereof 
shall have been given to the Borrower by the Agent), provided, however, 
that the Borrower shall not be entitled to receive more than two (2) grace 
or cure periods in the aggregate pursuant to this clause (i) in any period 
of 365 days ending on the date of any such occurrence of Default, and 
provided further, that no such cure period shall apply to any payments due 
upon the maturity of the Notes, and (ii) no Event of Default shall exist 
hereunder upon the occurrence of any failure described in §12.1(d) in the 
event that the Borrower cures (or causes to be cured) such Default within 
thirty (30) days following receipt of written notice of such default, 
provided that the provisions of this clause (ii) shall not pertain to 
defaults consisting of a failure to provide insurance as required by §7.7, 
to any default (whether of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Subsidiary 
thereof) consisting of a failure to comply with §§5.7, 7.4(c), 7.14, 7.15, 
7.18, 7.19, 7.20, 7.21, 7.22, 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4, 8.7, 8.8 or 8.13 or to 
any Default excluded from any provision of cure of defaults contained in 
any other of the Loan Documents.

(b)Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this §12.2 to the 
contrary, in the event that there shall occur any Default or Event of 
Default that affects only certain Borrowing Base Assets or the owner(s) or 
Operator(s) thereof, then the Borrower may elect to cure such Default or 
Event of Default (so long as no other Default or Event of Default would 
arise as a result) by electing to have the Agent remove such Borrowing Base 
Assets from the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability and by 
reducing the outstanding Loans and Letters of Credit so that no Default 
exists under this Agreement, in which event such removal and reduction 
shall be completed within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of notice of 
such Default from the Agent or the Required Lenders.  

Termination of Commitments

.  If any one or more Events of Default specified in §12.1(g), 12.1(h) or 
12.1(i) shall occur, then immediately and without any action on the part of 
the Agent or any Lender any unused portion of the credit hereunder shall 
terminate and the Lenders shall be relieved of all obligations to make 
Loans or issue Letters of Credit to the Borrower.  If any other Event of 
Default shall have occurred, the Agent may, and upon the election of the 
Required Revolving Credit Lenders, shall, by notice to the Borrower 
terminate the obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans to and issue 
Letters of Credit for the Borrower.  No termination under this §12.3 shall 
relieve the Borrower or the Guarantors of their obligations to the Lenders 
arising under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.

Remedies

.  In case any one or more Events of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing, and whether or not the Lenders shall have accelerated the 
maturity of the Loans

136
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
pursuant to §12.1, the Agent, on behalf of the Lenders may, and upon the 
direction of the Required Lenders, shall proceed to protect and enforce 
their rights and remedies under this Agreement, the Notes and/or any of the 
other Loan Documents by suit in equity, action at law or other appropriate 
proceeding, including to the full extent permitted by Applicable Law the 
specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the obtaining of the ex parte 
appointment of a receiver, requiring the establishment of a hard lockbox 
and cash management system with Agent, and, if any amount shall have become 
due, by declaration or otherwise, the enforcement of the payment thereof.  
No remedy herein conferred upon the Agent or the holder of any Note is 
intended to be exclusive of any other remedy and each and every remedy 
shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given 
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or 
any other provision of law.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this 
Agreement providing that the Loans may be evidenced by multiple Notes in 
favor of the Lenders, the Lenders acknowledge and agree that only the Agent 
may exercise any remedies arising by reason of a Default or Event of 
Default.  If the Borrower or any Guarantor fails to perform any agreement 
or covenant contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents 
beyond any applicable period for notice and cure, the Agent may itself 
perform, or cause to be performed, any agreement or covenant of such Person 
contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents which such 
Person shall fail to perform, and the out-of-pocket costs of such 
performance, together with any reasonable expenses, including reasonable 
attorneys’ fees actually incurred (including attorneys’ fees incurred in 
any appeal) by the Agent in connection therewith, shall be payable by the 
Borrower upon demand and shall constitute a part of the Obligations and 
shall if not paid within five (5) Business Days after demand bear interest 
at the Default Rate.  In the event that all or any portion of the 
Obligations is collected by or through an attorney-at-law, the Borrower 
shall pay all costs of collection including, but not limited to, reasonable 
attorney’s fees.

Distribution of Proceeds

.  In the event that, following the occurrence and during the continuance 
of any Event of Default, any monies are received in connection with the 
enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, or otherwise with respect to the 
realization upon any of the Collateral or other assets of the Borrower or 
the Guarantors, such monies shall be distributed for application as 
follows:

(a)First, to the payment of, or (as the case may be) the reimbursement of 
the Agent for or in respect of, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs, 
expenses, disbursements and losses which shall have been paid or incurred 
or sustained by the Agent to protect or preserve the Collateral or in 
connection with the collection of such monies by the Agent, for the 
exercise, protection or enforcement by the Agent of all or any of the 
rights, remedies, powers and privileges of the Agent or the Lenders under 
this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of the 
Collateral or other assets of the Borrower or the Guarantors or in support 
of any provision of adequate indemnity to the Agent against any taxes or 
liens which by law shall have, or may have, priority over the rights of the 
Agent or the Lenders to such monies;

(b)Second, to all other Obligations and Hedge Obligations (including any 
interest, expenses or other obligations incurred after the commencement of 
a bankruptcy) in such order or preference as the Required Lenders shall 
determine; provided, that (i) Swing Loans shall be repaid first, (ii) 
distributions in respect of such other Obligations shall include, on a pari 
passu basis, any Agent’s fee payable pursuant to §4.2, (iii) in the event 
that any Lender is a Defaulting

137
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Lender, payments to such Lender shall be governed by §2.13, and (iv) except 
as otherwise provided in clause (iii), Obligations owing to the Lenders 
with respect to each type of Obligation such as interest, principal, fees 
and expenses and Hedge Obligations (but excluding the Swing Loans) shall be 
made among the Lenders and Lender Hedge Providers, pro rata; and provided, 
further that the Required Lenders may in their discretion make proper 
allowance to take into account any Obligations not then due and payable; 
and

(c)Third, the excess, if any, shall be returned to the Borrower or to such 
other Persons as are entitled thereto.

Collateral Account

.

(a)As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of all 
Letter of Credit Liabilities, Swing Loans and the other Obligations and 
Hedge Obligations, the Borrower hereby pledges and grants to the Agent, for 
the ratable benefit of the Agent and the Lenders as provided herein, a 
security interest in all of its right, title and interest in and to the 
Collateral Account and the balances from time to time in the Collateral 
Account (including any interest provided for below).  The balances from 
time to time in the Collateral Account shall not constitute payment of any 
Letter of Credit Liabilities or Swing Loans until applied by the Agent as 
provided herein.  Anything in this Agreement to the contrary 
notwithstanding, funds held in the Collateral Account shall be subject to 
withdrawal only as provided in this §12.6.

(b)Amounts on deposit in the Collateral Account shall not be invested by 
the Agent, and will earn interest at a rate paid by Agent with respect to 
similar accounts, and shall be held in the name of and be under the sole 
dominion and control of the Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders.  
The Agent shall exercise reasonable care in the custody and preservation of 
any funds held in the Collateral Account and shall be deemed to have 
exercised such care if such funds are accorded treatment substantially 
equivalent to that which the Agent accords other funds deposited with the 
Agent, it being understood that the Agent shall not have any responsibility 
for taking any necessary steps to preserve rights against any parties with 
respect to any funds held in the Collateral Account.

(c)If a drawing pursuant to any Letter of Credit occurs on or prior to the 
expiration date of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower and the Lenders 
authorize the Agent to use the monies deposited in the Collateral Account 
to make payment to the beneficiary with respect to such drawing or the 
payee with respect to such presentment.  If a Swing Loan is not refinanced 
as a Base Rate Loan as provided in §2.5 above, then the Agent is authorized 
to use monies deposited in the Collateral Account to make payment to the 
Swing Loan Lender with respect to any participation not funded by a 
Defaulting Lender.

(d)If an Event of Default exists, the Required Revolving Credit Lenders 
may, in their discretion, at any time and from time to time, instruct the 
Agent to liquidate or withdraw any amounts in the Collateral Account and 
apply proceeds thereof to the Obligations and Hedge Obligations in 
accordance with §12.5.

(e)So long as no Default or Event of Default exists, and to the extent 
amounts on deposit in the Collateral Account exceed the aggregate amount of 
the Letter of Credit

138
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Liabilities then due and owing and the pro rata share of any Letter of 
Credit Obligations and Swing Loans of any Defaulting Lender after giving 
effect to §2.13(c), the Agent shall, from time to time, at the request of 
the Borrower, deliver to the Borrower within ten (10) Business Days after 
the Agent’s receipt of such request from the Borrower, against receipt but 
without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, such of the 
balances in the Collateral Account as exceed the aggregate amount of the 
Letter of Credit Liabilities and Swing Loans at such time.

(f)The Borrower shall pay to the Agent from time to time within ten (10) 
Business Days following written request therefor such fees as the Agent 
normally charges for similar services in connection with the Agent’s 
administration of the Collateral Account.  The Borrower authorizes the 
Agent to file such financing statements as the Agent may reasonably require 
in order to perfect the Agent’s security interest in the Collateral 
Account, and the Borrower shall promptly upon demand execute and deliver to 
the Agent such other documents as the Agent may reasonably request to 
evidence its security interest in the Collateral Account.

SETOFF

.

Regardless of the adequacy of any Collateral, during the continuance of any 
Event of Default, any deposits (general or specific, time or demand, 
provisional or final, regardless of currency, maturity, or the branch where 
such deposits are held) or other sums credited by or due from any Lender to 
the Borrower or the Guarantors and any securities or other property of the 
Borrower or the Guarantors in the possession of such Lender may, without 
notice to the Borrower or any Guarantor (any such notice being expressly 
waived by the Borrower and each Guarantor) but with the prior written 
approval of the Agent, be applied to or set off against the payment of 
Obligations and any and all other liabilities, direct, or indirect, 
absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter 
arising, of the Borrower or the Guarantors to such Lender under the Loan 
Documents.  Each of the Lenders agree with each other Lender that if such 
Lender shall receive from the Borrower or the Guarantors, whether by 
voluntary payment, exercise of the right of setoff, or otherwise, and shall 
retain and apply to the payment of the Note or Notes held by such Lender 
(but excluding the Swing Loan Note) any amount in excess of its ratable 
portion of the payments received by all of the Lenders with respect to the 
Notes held by all of the Lenders, such Lender will make such disposition 
and arrangements with the other Lenders with respect to such excess, either 
by way of distribution, pro tanto assignment of claims, subrogation or 
otherwise as shall result in each Lender receiving in respect of the Notes 
held by it its proportionate payment as contemplated by this Agreement; 
provided that if all or any part of such excess payment is thereafter 
recovered from such Lender, such disposition and arrangements shall be 
rescinded and the amount restored to the extent of such recovery, but 
without interest.  In the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise 
any such right of setoff, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over 
immediately to the Agent for further application in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement and, pending such payment, shall be segregated 
by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for 
the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders, and (b) such Defaulting Lender 
shall provide promptly to the Agent a statement describing in reasonable 
detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it 
exercised such right of setoff.

139
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
THE AGENT

.

Authorization

.  The Agent is authorized to take such action on behalf of each of the 
Lenders and to exercise all such powers as are hereunder and under any of 
the other Loan Documents and any related documents delegated to the Agent, 
together with such powers as are reasonably incident thereto, provided 
that no duties or responsibilities not expressly assumed herein or therein 
shall be implied to have been assumed by the Agent.  The obligations of the 
Agent hereunder are primarily administrative in nature, and nothing 
contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents shall be 
construed to constitute the Agent as a trustee for any Lender or to create 
an agency or fiduciary relationship.  The Agent shall act as the 
contractual representative of the Lenders hereunder, and notwithstanding 
the use of the term “Agent”, it is understood and agreed that the Agent 
shall not have any fiduciary duties or responsibilities to any Lender by 
reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document and is acting as an 
independent contractor, the duties and responsibilities of which are 
limited to those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents.  The Borrower and any other Person shall be entitled to 
conclusively rely on a statement from the Agent that it has the authority 
to act for and bind the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents.

Employees and Agents

.  The Agent may exercise its powers and execute its duties by or through 
employees or agents and shall be entitled to take, and to rely on, advice 
of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to its rights and duties under 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  The Agent may utilize the 
services of such Persons as the Agent may reasonably determine, and all 
reasonable fees and expenses of any such Persons shall be paid by the 
Borrower.

No Liability

.  Neither the Agent nor any of its shareholders, directors, officers or 
employees nor any other Person assisting them in their duties nor any 
agent, or employee thereof, shall be liable for (a) any waiver, consent or 
approval given or any action taken, or omitted to be taken, in good faith 
by it or them hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, or in 
connection herewith or therewith, or be responsible for the consequences of 
any oversight or error of judgment whatsoever, except that the Agent or 
such other Person, as the case may be, shall be liable for losses due to 
its willful misconduct or gross negligence as finally determined by a court 
of competent jurisdiction after the expiration of all applicable appeal 
periods or (b) any action taken or not taken by the Agent with the consent 
or at the request of the Required Lenders, the Borrowing Base Majority 
Lenders, the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, the Required Term Loan A 
Lenders, the Required Term Loan B Lenders, all of the Lenders or all 
affected Lenders, as applicable.  The Agent shall not be deemed to have 
knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, 
unless the Agent has received notice from a Lender or the Borrower 
referring to the Loan Documents and describing with reasonable specificity 
such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a “notice 
of default”.

No Representations

.  The Agent shall not be responsible for the execution or validity or 
enforceability of this Agreement, the Notes, any of the other Loan 
Documents or any instrument at any time constituting, or intended to 
constitute, collateral security for the Notes, or for the value of any such 
collateral security or for the validity, enforceability or collectability 
of

140
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
any such amounts owing with respect to the Notes, or for any recitals or 
statements, warranties or representations made herein, or any agreement, 
instrument or certificate delivered in connection therewith or in any of 
the other Loan Documents or in any certificate or instrument hereafter 
furnished to it by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Guarantors or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries, or be bound to ascertain or inquire as to 
the performance or observance of any of the terms, conditions, covenants or 
agreements herein or in any of the other Loan Documents.  The Agent shall 
not be bound to ascertain whether any notice, consent, waiver or request 
delivered to it by the Borrower, the Guarantors or any holder of any of the 
Notes shall have been duly authorized or is true, accurate and complete.  
The Agent has not made nor does it now make any representations or 
warranties, express or implied, nor does it assume any liability to the 
Lenders, with respect to the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Borrower, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or the 
value of any Collateral or any other assets of the Borrower, any Guarantor 
or any of their respective Subsidiaries.  Each Lender acknowledges that it 
has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender, 
and based upon such information and documents as it has deemed appropriate, 
made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  
Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without 
reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender, based upon such information 
and documents as it deems appropriate at the time, continue to make its own 
credit analysis and decisions in taking or not taking action under this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  The Agent’s Special Counsel has 
only represented the Agent and KeyBank in connection with the Loan 
Documents and the only attorney client relationship or duty of care is 
between the Agent’s Special Counsel and the Agent or KeyBank.  Each Lender 
has been independently represented by separate counsel on all matters 
regarding the Loan Documents and the granting and perfecting of liens in 
the Collateral.

Payments

.

(a)A payment by the Borrower or any Guarantor to the Agent hereunder or 
under any of the other Loan Documents for the account of any Lender shall 
constitute a payment to such Lender.  The Agent agrees to distribute to 
each Lender not later than one (1) Business Day after the Agent’s receipt 
of good funds, determined in accordance with the Agent’s customary 
practices, such Lender’s pro rata share of payments received by the Agent 
for the account of the Lenders except as otherwise expressly provided 
herein or in any of the other Loan Documents.  Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a 
Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a 
Defaulting Lender, each payment by the Borrower hereunder shall be applied 
in accordance with §2.13(d).

(b)If in the opinion of the Agent the distribution of any amount received 
by it in such capacity hereunder, under the Notes or under any of the other 
Loan Documents might involve it in liability, it may refrain from making 
such distribution until its right to make such distribution shall have been 
adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction.  If a court of competent 
jurisdiction shall adjudge that any amount received and distributed by the 
Agent is to be repaid, each Person to whom any such distribution shall have 
been made shall either repay to the Agent its proportionate share of the 
amount so adjudged to be repaid or shall pay over the same in such manner 
and to such Persons as shall be determined by such court.  In the event 
that the Agent shall refrain from making any distribution of any amount 
received by it as provided in

141
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
this §14.5(b), the Agent shall endeavor to hold such amounts in an interest 
bearing account and at such time as such amounts may be distributed to the 
Lenders, the Agent shall distribute to each Lender, based on their 
respective Commitment Percentages, its pro rata share of the interest or 
other earnings from such deposited amount.

Holders of Notes

.  Subject to the terms of §18, the Agent may deem and treat the payee of 
any Note as the absolute owner or purchaser thereof for all purposes hereof 
until it shall have been furnished in writing with a different name by such 
payee or by a subsequent holder, assignee or transferee.

Indemnity

.  The Lenders ratably agree hereby to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Agent from and against any and all claims, actions and suits (whether 
groundless or otherwise), losses, damages, costs, expenses (including any 
expenses for which the Agent has not been reimbursed by the Borrower as 
required by §15), and liabilities of every nature and character arising out 
of or related to this Agreement, the Notes, or any of the other Loan 
Documents or the transactions contemplated or evidenced hereby or thereby, 
or the Agent’s actions taken hereunder or thereunder, except to the extent 
that any of the same shall be directly caused by the Agent’s willful 
misconduct or gross negligence as finally determined by a court of 
competent jurisdiction after the expiration of all applicable appeal 
periods.  The agreements in this §14.7 shall survive the payment of all 
amounts payable under the Loan Documents.

The Agent as Lender

.  In its individual capacity, KeyBank shall have the same obligations and 
the same rights, powers and privileges in respect to its Commitment and the 
Loans made by it, and as the holder of any of the Notes as it would have 
were it not also the Agent.

Resignation

.  The Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the 
Lenders and the Borrower.  Any such resignation may at the Agent’s option 
also constitute the Agent’s resignation as the Issuing Lender and the Swing 
Loan Lender.  Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders, subject to 
the terms of §18.1, shall have the right to appoint as a successor Agent 
and, if applicable, Issuing Lender and Swing Loan Lender, any Lender or any 
bank whose senior debt obligations are rated not less than “A” or its 
equivalent by Moody’s or not less than “A” or its equivalent by S&P and 
which has a net worth of not less than $500,000,000.00.  Unless a Default 
or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, such successor 
Agent and, if applicable, Issuing Lender and Swing Loan Lender, shall be 
reasonably acceptable to the Borrower.  If no successor Agent shall have 
been appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) 
days after the retiring Agent’s giving of notice of resignation, then the 
retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent, 
which shall be any Lender or any bank whose senior debt obligations are 
rated not less than “A2” or its equivalent by Moody’s or not less than “A” 
or its equivalent by S&P and which has a net worth of not less than 
$500,000,000.00.  Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Agent and, 
if applicable, the Issuing Lender and the Swing Loan Lender, hereunder by a 
successor Agent and, if applicable, Issuing Lender and Swing Loan Lender, 
such successor Agent and, if applicable, Issuing Lender and Swing Loan 
Lender, shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, 
powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent and, if applicable, 
Issuing Lender and Swing Loan Lender, and the retiring Agent and, if 
applicable, Issuing Lender and Swing Loan Lender, shall be discharged from 
its duties and obligations

142
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
hereunder as the Agent and, if applicable, the Issuing Lender and the Swing 
Loan Lender.  After any retiring Agent’s resignation, the provisions of 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall continue in effect for 
its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it 
while it was acting as the Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Swing Loan 
Lender.  If the resigning Agent shall also resign as the Issuing Lender, 
such successor Agent shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the 
Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or 
shall make other arrangements satisfactory to the current Issuing Lender, 
in either case, to assume effectively the obligations of the current Agent 
with respect to such Letters of Credit.  Upon any change in the Agent under 
this Agreement, the resigning Agent shall execute such assignments of and 
amendments to the Loan Documents as may be necessary to substitute the 
successor Agent for the resigning Agent.

Duties in the Case of Enforcement

.  In case one or more Events of Default have occurred and shall be 
continuing, and whether or not acceleration of the Obligations shall have 
occurred, the Agent may and, if (a) so requested by the Required Lenders 
and (b) the Lenders have provided to the Agent such additional indemnities 
and assurances in accordance with their respective Commitment Percentages 
against expenses and liabilities as the Agent may reasonably request, shall 
proceed to exercise all or any legal and equitable and other rights or 
remedies as it may have; provided, however, that unless and until the Agent 
shall have received such directions, the Agent may (but shall not be 
obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with 
respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem to be in the 
best interests of the Lenders.  Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, if the Agent reasonably determines payment is in the best 
interest of all the Lenders, the Agent may without the approval of the 
Lenders pay taxes and insurance premiums and spend money for maintenance, 
repairs or other expenses which may be necessary to be incurred, and the 
Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Lenders of such action.  Each 
Lender shall, within thirty (30) days of request therefor, pay to the Agent 
its Commitment Percentage of the reasonable costs incurred by the Agent in 
taking any such actions hereunder to the extent that such costs shall not 
be promptly reimbursed to the Agent by the Borrower or the Guarantors or 
out of any Collateral within such period.  The Required Lenders may direct 
the Agent in writing as to the method and the extent of any such exercise, 
the Lenders hereby agreeing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless in 
accordance with their respective Commitment Percentages from all 
liabilities incurred in respect of all actions taken or omitted in 
accordance with such directions, provided that the Agent need not comply 
with any such direction to the extent that the Agent reasonably believes 
the Agent’s compliance with such direction to be unlawful in any applicable 
jurisdiction or commercially unreasonable under the UCC as enacted in any 
applicable jurisdiction.

Request for Agent Action

.  The Agent and the Lenders acknowledge that in the ordinary course of 
business of the Borrower, (a) a Borrowing Base Property may be subject to a 
Taking, or (b) the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor may desire to enter 
into easements or other agreements affecting the Borrowing Base Properties, 
or take other actions or enter into other agreements in the ordinary course 
of business (including, without limitation, Leases) which similarly require 
the consent, approval or agreement of the Agent.  In connection with the 
foregoing, the Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Agent to execute 
consents in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent in connection with 
any easements or agreements affecting the Borrowing Base Property, or 
execute consents, approvals, or other agreements in form and

143
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
substance satisfactory to the Agent in connection with such other actions 
or agreements as may be necessary in the ordinary course of the Borrower’s 
business.

Bankruptcy

.  In the event a bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding is commenced by 
or against the Borrower or any Guarantor with respect to the Obligations, 
the Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right to file and pursue a 
joint proof claim on behalf of all Lenders.  Any votes with respect to such 
claims or otherwise with respect to such proceedings shall be subject to 
the vote of the Required Lenders, the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, 
the Required Term Loan A Lenders, the Required Term Loan B Lenders, all of 
the Lenders or all affected Lenders, as applicable, as required by this 
Agreement.  Each Lender irrevocably waives its right to file or pursue a 
separate proof of claim in any such proceedings unless the Agent fails to 
file such claim within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice 
from the Lenders requesting that the Agent file such proof of claim.

Reliance by the Agent

.  The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any 
liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, 
statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic 
message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) 
believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise 
authenticated by an Authorized Officer.  The Agent also may rely upon any 
statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been 
made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying 
thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the 
making of a Loan, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction 
of a Lender, the Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to 
such Lender unless the Agent shall have received notice to the contrary 
from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan.  The Agent may consult 
with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent 
accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for 
any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any 
such counsel, accountants or experts.

Approvals

.  If consent is required for some action under this Agreement, or except 
as otherwise provided herein an approval of the Lenders, the Required 
Lenders, the Borrowing Base Majority Lenders, the Required Revolving Credit 
Lenders, the Required Term Loan A Lenders or the Required Term Loan B 
Lenders is required or permitted under this Agreement, each Lender agrees 
to give the Agent, within ten (10) days of receipt of the request for 
action from the Agent together with all reasonably requested information 
related thereto (or such lesser period of time required by the terms of the 
Loan Documents), notice in writing of approval or disapproval 
(collectively, “Directions”) in respect of any action requested or proposed 
in writing pursuant to the terms hereof.  To the extent that any Lender 
does not approve any recommendation of the Agent, such Lender shall in such 
notice to the Agent describe the actions that would be acceptable to such 
Lender.  If consent is required for the requested action, any Lender’s 
failure to respond to a request for Directions within the required time 
period shall be deemed to constitute a Direction to take such requested 
action.  In the event that any recommendation is not approved by the 
requisite number of Lenders and a subsequent approval on the same subject 
matter is requested by the Agent, then for the purposes of this paragraph 
each Lender shall be required to respond to a request for Directions within 
five (5) Business Days of receipt of such request.  The Agent and each 
Lender shall be entitled to assume that any officer of the other Lenders 
delivering any notice, consent, certificate or other writing is

144
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
authorized to give such notice, consent, certificate or other writing 
unless the Agent and such other Lenders have otherwise been notified in 
writing.

The Borrower Not Beneficiary

.  Except for the provisions of §14.9 relating to the appointment of a 
successor Agent, the provisions of this §14 are solely for the benefit of 
the Agent and the Lenders, may not be enforced by the Borrower or any 
Guarantor, and except for the provisions of §14.9, may be modified or 
waived without the approval or consent of the Borrower.

Reliance on Hedge Provider

.  For purposes of applying payments received in accordance with §§12.1, 
12.5, 12.6 or any other provision of the Loan Documents, the Agent shall be 
entitled to rely upon the trustee, paying agent or other similar 
representative (each, a “Representative”) or, in the absence of such a 
Representative, upon the holder of the Hedge Obligations for a 
determination (which each holder of the Hedge Obligations agrees (or shall 
agree) to provide upon request of the Agent) of the outstanding Hedge 
Obligations owed to the holder thereof.  Unless it has actual knowledge 
(including by way of written notice from such holder) to the contrary, the 
Agent, in acting hereunder, shall be entitled to assume that no Hedge 
Obligations are outstanding.

EXPENSES

.  

The Borrower agrees to pay (a) the reasonable out-of-pocket costs of 
producing and reproducing this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the 
other agreements and instruments mentioned herein, (b) any Indemnified 
Taxes (including any interest and penalties in respect thereto) payable by 
the Agent or any of the Lenders, including any recording, mortgage, 
documentary or intangibles taxes in connection with the Loan Documents, or 
other taxes payable on or with respect to the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement, including any such taxes payable by the Agent or any of the 
Lenders after the Closing Date (the Borrower hereby agreeing to indemnify 
the Agent and each Lender with respect thereto), (c) all title insurance 
premiums, if any, reasonable engineer’s fees, reasonable environmental 
reviews and reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of the counsel to 
the Agent and KBCM and any local counsel to the Agent incurred in 
connection with the preparation, administration, or interpretation of the 
Loan Documents and other instruments mentioned herein, and amendments, 
modifications, approvals, consents or waivers hereto or hereunder, (d) the 
out-of-pocket fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of the Agent and KBCM 
incurred in connection with the initial syndication and/or participation 
(by KeyBank) of the Loans, (e) all other reasonable out-of-pocket fees, 
expenses and disbursements of the Agent incurred by the Agent in connection 
with the preparation or interpretation of the Loan Documents and other 
instruments mentioned herein, the addition or substitution of additional 
Collateral or Borrowing Base Assets, the review of Leases and related 
documents, the making of each advance hereunder, the issuance of Letters of 
Credit, and the syndication of the Commitments pursuant to §18 (without 
duplication of those items addressed in clause (d) above), (f) all 
out‑of‑pocket expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs, and fees and 
costs of appraisers, engineers, investment bankers or other experts 
retained by the Agent) incurred by any Lender or the Agent in connection 
with (i) the enforcement of or preservation of rights under any of the Loan 
Documents against the Borrower or the Guarantors or the administration 
thereof after the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default and (ii) any 
litigation, proceeding or dispute whether arising hereunder or otherwise, 
in any way related to

145
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the Agent’s, or any of the Lenders’ relationship with the Borrower or the 
Guarantors, (g) all reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of the 
Agent incurred in connection with UCC searches, UCC filings, title rundowns 
or title searches, (h) all reasonable out-of-pocket fees, expenses and 
disbursements (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) which may be 
incurred by KeyBank in connection with the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents (without duplication of any of the 
items listed above), and (i) all expenses relating to the use of 
Intralinks, SyndTrak or any other similar system for the dissemination and 
sharing of documents and information in connection with the Loans.  The 
covenants of this §15 shall survive the repayment of the Loans and the 
termination of the obligations of the Lenders hereunder.

INDEMNIFICATION

.

The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, the Lenders 
and the Arranger and each director, officer, employee, agent, Attorney and 
Affiliate thereof and Person who controls the Agent, or any Lender or the 
Arranger against any and all claims, actions and suits, whether groundless 
or otherwise, and from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages 
and expenses of every nature and character arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby including, without limitation, (a) any and 
all claims for brokerage, leasing, finders or similar fees which may be 
made relating to the Borrowing Base Assets, other Real Estate or the Loans, 
(b) any condition of the Borrowing Base Assets or other Real Estate, (c) 
any actual or proposed use by the Borrower of the proceeds of any of the 
Loans or Letters of Credit, (d) any actual or alleged infringement of any 
patent, copyright, trademark, service mark or similar right of the 
Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (e) the 
Borrower and the Guarantors entering into or performing this Agreement or 
any of the other Loan Documents, (f) any actual or alleged violation of any 
law, ordinance, code, order, rule, regulation, approval, consent, permit or 
license relating to the Borrowing Base Assets or any other Real Estate, (g) 
with respect to the Borrower, the Guarantors and their respective 
Subsidiaries and their respective properties and assets, the violation of 
any Environmental Law, the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous 
Substances or any action, suit, proceeding or investigation brought or 
threatened with respect to any Hazardous Substances (including, but not 
limited to, claims with respect to wrongful death, personal injury, 
nuisance or damage to property), and (h) any use of Intralinks, SyndTrak or 
any other system for the dissemination and sharing of documents and 
information, in each case including, without limitation, the reasonable 
fees and disbursements of counsel incurred in connection with any such 
investigation, litigation or other proceeding; provided, however, that the 
Borrower shall not be obligated under this §16 to indemnify any Person for 
liabilities arising from such Person’s own gross negligence or willful 
misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction after the 
exhaustion of all applicable appeal periods.  In litigation, or the 
preparation therefor, the Lenders and the Agent shall be entitled to select 
a single law firm as their own counsel and, in addition to the foregoing 
indemnity, the Borrower agrees to pay promptly the reasonable fees and 
expenses of such counsel.  If, and to the extent that the obligations of 
the Borrower under this §16 are unenforceable for any reason, the Borrower 
hereby agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment in 
satisfaction of such obligations which is permissible under Applicable Law. 
 The provisions of this §16 shall survive the repayment of the Loans and 
the termination of the obligations of the Lenders hereunder.

146
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS, ETC.

 

All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein, in 
the Notes, in any of the other Loan Documents or in any documents or other 
papers delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower or the Guarantors or any 
of their respective Subsidiaries pursuant hereto or thereto shall be deemed 
to have been relied upon by the Lenders and the Agent, notwithstanding any 
investigation heretofore or hereafter made by any of them, and shall 
survive the making by the Lenders of any of the Loans, as herein 
contemplated, and shall, unless released in accordance with §5.8 hereof, 
continue in full force and effect so long as any amount due under this 
Agreement or the Notes or any of the other Loan Documents remains 
outstanding or any Letters of Credit remain outstanding or any Lender has 
any obligation to make any Loans or issue any Letters of Credit.  The 
indemnification obligations of the Borrower provided herein and in the 
other Loan Documents shall survive the full repayment of amounts due and 
the termination of the obligations of the Lenders hereunder and thereunder 
to the extent provided herein and therein.  All statements contained in any 
certificate delivered to any Lender or the Agent at any time by or on 
behalf of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries pursuant hereto or in connection with the transactions 
contemplated hereby shall constitute representations and warranties by such 
Person hereunder.

ASSIGNMENT AND PARTICIPATION

.

Conditions to Assignment by Lenders

.  Except as provided herein, each Lender may assign to one or more banks 
or other entities all or a portion of its interests, rights and obligations 
under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment 
Percentage and Commitment and the same portion of the Loans at the time 
owing to it and the Notes held by it); provided that (a) the Agent, the 
Issuing Lender (solely with respect to any assignment of a Revolving Credit 
Commitment) and, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists 
hereunder, the Borrower shall have each given its prior written consent to 
such assignment, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed, and if the Borrower does not respond to any such request for 
consent within five (5) Business Days, the Borrower shall be deemed to have 
consented (provided that such consent shall not be required for any 
assignment to another Lender, to a Related Fund, to a lender or an 
Affiliate of a Lender which controls, is controlled by or is under common 
control with the assigning Lender or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary of such 
Lender), (b) each such assignment shall be of a constant, and not a 
varying, percentage of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations 
under this Agreement with respect to the assigned portion of the 
Commitment, (c) the parties to such assignment shall execute and deliver to 
the Agent, for recording in the Register (as hereinafter defined) an 
assignment and acceptance agreement in the form of Exhibit J attached 
hereto (an “Assignment and Acceptance Agreement”), together with any Notes 
subject to such assignment, (d) in no event shall any assignment be to any 
Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with, or which is 
not otherwise free from influence or control by the Borrower or any 
Guarantor or be to a Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting 
Lender, (e) such assignee of a portion of the Revolving Credit Loans shall 
have a net worth or unfunded commitment as of the date of such assignment 
of not less than $100,000,000.00 (unless otherwise approved by the Agent 
and, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists hereunder, the 
Borrower), (f) such assignee shall acquire an interest in the applicable 
Loans of not less than $5,000,000.00 and integral multiples of 
$1,000,000.00 in excess thereof (or if less, the remaining applicable Loans 
of the assignor),

147
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
unless waived by the Agent, and so long as no Default or Event of Default 
exists hereunder, the Borrower and (g) if such assignment is less than the 
assigning Lender’s entire Revolving Credit Commitment, Term Loan A 
Commitment or Term Loan B Commitment, as applicable, the assigning Lender 
shall retain an interest in the applicable Loans of not less than 
$5,000,000.00.  Upon execution, delivery, acceptance and recording of such 
Assignment and Acceptance Agreement, (i) the assignee thereunder shall be a 
party hereto and all other Loan Documents executed by the Lenders and, to 
the extent provided in such Assignment and Acceptance Agreement, have the 
rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder, (ii) the assigning Lender 
shall, upon payment to the Agent of the registration fee referred to in 
§18.2, be released from its obligations under this Agreement arising after 
the effective date of such assignment with respect to the assigned portion 
of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement, and (iii) 
the Agent shall amend Schedule 1.1 in its own records to reflect such 
assignment.  In connection with each assignment, the assignee shall 
represent and warrant to the Agent, the assignor and each other Lender as 
to whether such assignee is controlling, controlled by, under common 
control with or is not otherwise free from influence or control by, the 
Borrower and/or any Guarantor and whether such assignee is a Defaulting 
Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender.  In connection with any 
assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender, no such 
assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other 
conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall 
make such additional payments to the Agent in an aggregate amount 
sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright 
payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or actions, including 
funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Agent, the applicable pro 
rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting 
Lender to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby 
irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment 
liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Agent or any Lender 
hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as 
appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in 
Letters of Credit and Swing Loans in accordance with its applicable 
Commitment Percentage.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that 
any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder 
shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the 
provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be 
deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until 
such compliance occurs.

Register

.  The Agent shall maintain on behalf of the Borrower a copy of each 
assignment delivered to it and a register or similar list (the “Register”) 
for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the 
Commitment Percentages of and principal amount of the Loans owing to the 
Lenders from time to time.  The entries in the Register shall be 
conclusive, in the absence of manifest error, and the Borrower, the 
Guarantors, the Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is 
recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this 
Agreement.  The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower 
and the Lenders at any reasonable time and from time to time upon 
reasonable prior notice.  Upon each such recordation, the assigning Lender 
agrees to pay to the Agent a registration fee in the sum of $3,500.00.

New Notes

.  Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance Agreement executed by 
the parties to such assignment, together with each Note subject to such 
assignment, the Agent shall record the information contained therein in the 
Register.  Within five (5)

148
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Business Days after receipt of notice of such assignment from the Agent, 
the Borrower, at its own expense, shall execute and deliver to the Agent, 
in exchange for each surrendered Note, a new Note to the order of such 
assignee in an amount equal to the amount assigned to such assignee 
pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance Agreement and, if the assigning 
Lender has retained some portion of its obligations hereunder, a new Note 
to the order of the assigning Lender in an amount equal to the amount 
retained by it hereunder.  Such new Notes shall provide that they are 
replacements for the surrendered Notes, shall be in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the surrendered Notes, 
shall be dated the effective date of such Assignment and Acceptance 
Agreement and shall otherwise be in substantially the form of the assigned 
Notes.  The surrendered Notes shall be canceled and returned to the 
Borrower.

Participations

.  Each Lender may sell participations to one or more Lenders or other 
entities in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and obligations under 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided that (a) any such 
sale or participation shall not affect the rights and duties of the selling 
Lender hereunder, (b) such participation shall not entitle such participant 
to any rights or privileges under this Agreement or any Loan Documents, 
including without limitation, rights granted to the Lenders under §§4.8, 
4.9, 4.10 and 13, (c) such participation shall not entitle the participant 
to the right to approve waivers, amendments or modifications, (d) such 
participant shall have no direct rights against the Borrower, (e) such sale 
is effected in accordance with all Applicable Laws, and (f) such 
participant shall not be a Person controlling, controlled by or under 
common control with, or which is not otherwise free from influence or 
control by the Borrower and/or any Guarantor and shall not be a Defaulting 
Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender; provided, however, such 
Lender may agree with the participant that it will not, without the consent 
of the participant, agree to (i) increase, or extend the term or extend the 
time or waive any requirement for the reduction or termination of, such 
Lender’s Commitment, (ii) extend the date fixed for the payment of 
principal of or interest on the Loans or portions thereof owing to such 
Lender (other than pursuant to an extension of the Revolving Credit 
Maturity Date pursuant to §2.12), (iii) reduce the amount of any such 
payment of principal, (iv) reduce the rate at which interest is payable 
thereon or (v) release any Guarantor or any material Collateral (except as 
otherwise permitted under this Agreement).  Each Lender that sells a 
participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the 
Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of 
each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each 
participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan 
Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have 
any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register 
(including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a 
participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans, or its other obligations 
under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such 
disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, or other 
obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United 
States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall 
be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each 
Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of 
such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any 
notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent (in its 
capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a 
Participant Register.

149
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Pledge by Lender

.  Any Lender may at any time pledge all or any portion of its interest and 
rights under this Agreement (including all or any portion of its Note) to 
any of the twelve Federal Reserve Banks organized under Section 4 of the 
Federal Reserve Act, 12 U.S.C.  §341 or to such other Person as the Agent 
may approve to secure obligations of such Lender.  No such pledge or the 
enforcement thereof shall release the pledgor Lender from its obligations 
hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents.

No Assignment by the Borrower

.  The Borrower shall not assign or transfer any of its rights or 
obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each 
of the Lenders.

Disclosure

.  The Borrower agrees to promptly cooperate with any Lender in connection 
with any proposed assignment or participation of all or any portion of its 
Commitment.  Each of the Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender agree to 
use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of the 
Information (as defined below), it being understood and agreed that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, a Lender may make (a) disclosures to its 
directors, officers, employees, Affiliates, accountants, appraisers, legal 
counsel and other professional advisors of such Lender (provided that such 
Persons who are not employees of such Lender are advised of the provision 
of this §18.7), (b) disclosures customarily provided or reasonably required 
by any potential or actual bona fide assignee, transferee or participant or 
their respective directors, officers, employees, Affiliates, accountants, 
appraisers, legal counsel and other professional advisors in connection 
with a potential or actual assignment or transfer by such Lender of any 
Loans or any participations therein (provided such Persons are advised of 
the provisions of this §18.7), (c) disclosures to bank regulatory 
authorities or self-regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over such Lender, 
or (d) disclosures required or requested by any other Governmental 
Authority or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process; provided 
that, unless specifically prohibited by Applicable Law or court order, each 
Lender shall notify the Borrower of any request by any Governmental 
Authority or representative thereof prior to disclosure (other than any 
such request in connection with any examination of such Lender by such 
Governmental Authority) for disclosure of any such non-public information 
prior to disclosure of such information.  In addition, each Lender may make 
disclosure of such information to any contractual counterparty in swap 
agreements or such contractual counterparty’s professional advisors (so 
long as such contractual counterparty or professional advisors agree to be 
bound by the provisions of this §18.7).  Nothing herein shall prohibit the 
disclosure of non-public information to the extent necessary to enforce the 
Loan Documents.  For purposes of this Section, “Information” means all 
information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of 
their respective businesses, other than any such information which is or 
subsequently becomes publicly available other than as a result of a 
disclosure of such information by a Lender, or prior to the delivery to 
such Lender is within the possession of such Lender if such information is 
not known by such Lender to be subject to another confidentiality agreement 
with or other obligations of secrecy to the Borrower or the Guarantors, is 
disclosed with the prior approval of the Borrower or the Guarantors, or is 
made available to such Lender by a third party not known by such Lender to 
be subject to a confidentiality agreement, or is independently developed by 
such Lender; provided that, in the case of information received from the 
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, such information is clearly identified 
at the time of delivery as confidential.  Any Person required to maintain 
the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be 
considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such

150
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the 
confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own 
confidential information.

Mandatory Assignment

.  In the event the Borrower requests that certain amendments, 
modifications or waivers be made to this Agreement or any of the other Loan 
Documents which request requires approval of the Required Lenders, the 
Borrowing Base Majority Lenders, the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, the 
Required Term Loan A Lenders, the Required Term Loan B Lenders, all of the 
Lenders or all of the Lenders directly affected thereby but is not approved 
by one or more of the Lenders (any such non-consenting Lender shall 
hereafter be referred to as the “Non-Consenting Lender”), then, within 
thirty (30) days after the Borrower’s receipt of notice of such disapproval 
by such Non-Consenting Lender, the Borrower shall have the right as to such 
Non-Consenting Lender, to be exercised by delivery of written notice 
delivered to the Agent and the Non-Consenting Lender within thirty (30) 
days of receipt of such notice, to elect to cause the Non-Consenting Lender 
to transfer its Commitment.  The Agent shall promptly notify the remaining 
Lenders that each of such Lenders shall have the right, but not the 
obligation, to acquire a portion of the Commitment, pro rata based upon 
their relevant Commitment Percentages, of the Non-Consenting Lender (or if 
any of such Lenders does not elect to purchase its pro rata share, then to 
such remaining Lenders in such proportion as approved by the Agent).  In 
the event that the Lenders do not elect to acquire all of the 
Non-Consenting Lender’s Commitment, then the Agent shall endeavor to find a 
new Lender or Lenders to acquire such remaining Commitment.  Upon any such 
purchase of the Commitment of the Non-Consenting Lender, the Non-Consenting 
Lender’s interests in the Obligations and its rights hereunder and under 
the Loan Documents shall terminate at the date of purchase, and the 
Non-Consenting Lender shall promptly execute and deliver any and all 
documents reasonably requested by the Agent to surrender and transfer such 
interest, including, without limitation, an Assignment and Acceptance 
Agreement and such Non-Consenting Lender’s original Note or Notes.  The 
purchase price for the Non-Consenting Lender’s Commitment shall equal any 
and all amounts outstanding and owed by the Borrower to the Non-Consenting 
Lender, including principal and all accrued and unpaid interest or fees, 
plus any applicable amounts payable pursuant to §4.7 which would be owed to 
such Non-Consenting Lender if the Loans were to be repaid in full on the 
date of such purchase of the Non-Consenting Lender’s Commitment (provided 
that the Borrower may pay to such Non-Consenting Lender any interest, fees 
or other amounts (other than principal) owing to such Non-Consenting 
Lender).

Amendments to Loan Documents

.  Upon any such assignment described in the foregoing §18.1 or §18.8, the 
Borrower and the Guarantors shall, upon the request of the Agent, enter 
into such documents as may be reasonably required by the Agent to modify 
the Loan Documents to reflect such assignment.

Titled Agents

.  The Titled Agents shall not have any additional rights or obligations 
under the Loan Documents, except for those rights, if any, as a Lender.

NOTICES

.

(a)Each notice, demand, election or request provided for or permitted to be 
given pursuant to this Agreement (hereinafter in this §19 referred to as “
Notice”), but specifically excluding to the maximum extent permitted by law 
any notices of the institution or

151
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
commencement of foreclosure proceedings, must be in writing and shall be 
deemed to have been properly given or served by personal delivery or by 
sending same by overnight courier or by depositing same in the United 
States Mail, postpaid and registered or certified, return receipt 
requested, or as expressly permitted herein, by telecopy and addressed as 
follows:

If to the Agent or KeyBank:

KeyBank National Association
4910 Tiedeman Road, 3rd Floor
Brooklyn, Ohio  44144
Attn:  Amy MacLearie
Telecopy No.:  (216) 357-6383

With a copy to:

KeyBank National Association
4211 W. Boy Scout Boulevard
Suite 570
Tampa, Florida  33607
Attn:  Grant Saunders
Telecopy No.:  (813) 313-5555

and

KeyBank National Association
1200 Abernathy Road, N.E., Suite 1550
Atlanta, Georgia  30328
Attn:  Daniel Stegemoeller
Telecopy No.:  (770) 510-2195

and

Dentons US LLP
Suite 5300
303 Peachtree Street, N.E.
Atlanta, Georgia  30308
Attn:  William F. Timmons, Esq.
Telecopy No.:  (404) 527-4198

If to the Borrower:

MedEquities Realty Operating Partnership, LP
3100 West End Avenue
Suite 1000
Nashville, Tennessee  37203
Attn:  Jeffery C. Walraven
Telecopy No.:  (615) 627-4712

152
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
With a copy to:

Morrison & Foerster LLP
707 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 6000
Los Angeles, CA  90017
Attn:  Marc D. Young, Esq.
Telecopy No.:  (213) 892-5454

to any other Lender which is a party hereto, at the address for such Lender 
set forth on its signature page hereto, and to any Lender which may 
hereafter become a party to this Agreement, at such address as may be 
designated by such Lender.  Each Notice shall be effective upon being 
personally delivered or upon being sent by overnight courier or upon being 
deposited in the United States Mail as aforesaid, or if transmitted by 
telecopy is permitted, upon being sent and confirmation of receipt.  The 
time period in which a response to such Notice must be given or any action 
taken with respect thereto (if any), however, shall commence to run from 
the date of receipt if personally delivered or sent by overnight courier, 
or if so deposited in the United States Mail, the earlier of three (3) 
Business Days following such deposit or the date of receipt as disclosed on 
the return receipt.  Rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability 
to deliver because of changed address for which no notice was given shall 
be deemed to be receipt of the Notice sent.  By giving at least fifteen 
(15) days prior Notice thereof, the Borrower, a Lender or the Agent shall 
have the right from time to time and at any time during the term of this 
Agreement to change their respective addresses and each shall have the 
right to specify as its address any other address within the United States 
of America.

(b)Loan Documents and notices under the Loan Documents may, with Agent’s 
approval, be transmitted and/or signed by facsimile and by signatures 
delivered in “PDF” format by electronic mail.  The effectiveness of any 
such documents and signatures shall, subject to Applicable Law, have the 
same force and effect as an original copy with manual signatures and shall 
be binding on the Borrower, the Guarantors, Agent and Lenders.  Agent may 
also require that any such documents and signature delivered by facsimile 
or “PDF” format by electronic mail be confirmed by a manually-signed 
original thereof; provided, however, that the failure to request or deliver 
any such manually-signed original shall not affect the effectiveness of any 
facsimile or “PDF” document or signature.

(c)Notices and other communications to the Agent, the Lenders and the 
Issuing Lender hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic 
communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant 
to procedures approved by the Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not 
apply to notices to any Lender or Issuing Lender pursuant to §2 if such 
Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable, has notified the Agent that it is 
incapable of receiving notices under such Section by electronic 
communication.  The Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to 
accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic 
communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that 
approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or 
communications.  Unless the Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and 
other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received 
upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient 
(such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return 
e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or 
communications posted to an Internet or intranet website

153
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, 
at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of 
notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying 
the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) 
above, if such notice, e-mail or other communication is not sent during the 
normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall 
be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business 
day for the recipient.

RELATIONSHIP

.

Neither the Agent nor any Lender has any fiduciary relationship with or 
fiduciary duty to the Borrower, any Guarantor or their respective 
Subsidiaries arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the 
other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereunder and 
thereunder, and the relationship between each Lender and the Agent, and the 
Borrower is solely that of a lender and borrower, and nothing contained 
herein or in any of the other Loan Documents shall in any manner be 
construed as making the parties hereto partners, joint venturers or any 
other relationship other than lender and borrower.

GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION AND SERVICE

.

THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE 
SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED HEREIN OR THEREIN, SHALL, PURSUANT TO NEW YORK 
GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTION 5- 1401, BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE 
STATE OF NEW YORK.  THE BORROWER AGREES THAT ANY SUIT FOR THE ENFORCEMENT 
OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS MAY BE BROUGHT IN ANY 
COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING ANY 
FEDERAL COURT SITTING THEREIN).  THE BORROWER FURTHER ACCEPTS, GENERALLY 
AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND ANY 
RELATED APPELLATE COURT AND IRREVOCABLY (a) AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ANY 
JUDGMENT RENDERED THEREBY WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE 
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND (b) WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER 
HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT 
SUCH A COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.  THE BORROWER FURTHER AGREES THAT 
SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH SUIT MAY BE MADE UPON THE BORROWER BY MAIL 
AT THE ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN §19.  IN ADDITION TO THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF 
NEW YORK OR ANY FEDERAL COURT SITTING THEREIN, THE AGENT OR ANY LENDER MAY 
BRING ACTION(S) FOR ENFORCEMENT ON A NONEXCLUSIVE BASIS WHERE ANY 
COLLATERAL OR OTHER ASSETS OF THE BORROWER AND THE GUARANTORS EXIST AND THE 
BORROWER CONSENTS TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND THE 
SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH SUIT BEING MADE UPON THE BORROWER BY MAIL AT 
THE ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN §19.

154
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
HEADINGS

.

The captions in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and 
shall not define or limit the provisions hereof.

COUNTERPARTS

.

This Agreement and any amendment hereof may be executed in several 
counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of which 
when so executed and delivered shall be an original, and all of which 
together shall constitute one instrument.  In proving this Agreement it 
shall not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such 
counterpart signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT, ETC.

 

This Agreement and the Loan Documents is intended by the parties as the 
final, complete and exclusive statement of the transactions evidenced by 
this Agreement and the Loan Documents.  All prior or contemporaneous 
promises, agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, are 
deemed to be superseded by this Agreement and the Loan Documents, and no 
party is relying on any promise, agreement or understanding not set forth 
in this Agreement and the Loan Documents.  Neither this Agreement nor any 
term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated, except as 
provided in §27.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL AND CERTAIN DAMAGE CLAIMS

.

EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO 
A JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF ANY DISPUTE 
IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY NOTE OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN 
DOCUMENTS, ANY RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR THE 
PERFORMANCE OF SUCH RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.  THE BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ANY 
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER IN ANY SUCH LITIGATION ANY SPECIAL, 
INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, PUNITIVE OR ANY DAMAGES OTHER THAN, OR IN ADDITION TO, ACTUAL DAMAGES. 
 THE BORROWER (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF 
ANY LENDER OR THE AGENT HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH 
LENDER OR THE AGENT WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE 
THE FOREGOING WAIVERS AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE AGENT AND THE LENDERS 
HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS 
TO WHICH THEY ARE PARTIES BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE WAIVERS AND 
CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS §25.  THE BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT 
HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW THIS §25 WITH LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT THE 
BORROWER AGREES TO THE FOREGOING AS ITS FREE, KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY ACT.

155
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
DEALINGS WITH THE BORROWER

.

The Agent, the Lenders and their Affiliates may accept deposits from, 
extend credit to, invest in, act as trustee under indentures of, serve as 
financial advisor of, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or 
other business with the Borrower, the Guarantors and their respective 
Subsidiaries or any of their Affiliates regardless of the capacity of the 
Agent or the Lender hereunder.  The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to 
such activities, KeyBank or its Affiliates may receive information 
regarding such Persons (including information that may be subject to 
confidentiality obligations in favor of such Person) and acknowledge that 
the Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them.

CONSENTS, AMENDMENTS, WAIVERS, ETC.

 

(a)Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, any consent or 
approval required or permitted by this Agreement may be given, and any term 
of this Agreement or of any other instrument related hereto or mentioned 
herein may be amended, and the performance or observance by the Borrower or 
the Guarantors of any terms of this Agreement or such other instrument or 
the continuance of any Default or Event of Default may be waived (either 
generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or 
prospectively) with, but only with, the written consent of the Required 
Lenders.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following may occur 
without the written consent of: (i) in the case of a reduction in the rate 
of interest on the Notes (other than a reduction or waiver of default 
interest), the consent of each Lender holding a Note affected by such 
interest rate reduction; (ii) in the case of an increase in the Revolving 
Credit Commitment, Term Loan A Commitment, Term Loan B Commitment or the 
amount of the Commitments of the Lenders (in each case, except as provided 
in §2.11 and §18.1), the consent of each Lender whose Commitment is 
increased; (iii) in the case of a forgiveness, reduction or waiver of the 
principal of any unpaid Loan or any interest thereon (other than a 
reduction or waiver of default interest) or fee payable under the Loan 
Documents, the consent of each Lender that would have otherwise received 
such principal, interest or fee; (iv) in the case of a change in the amount 
of any fee payable to a Lender hereunder, the consent of each Lender to 
which such fee would otherwise be owed; (v) in the case of the postponement 
of any date fixed for any payment of principal of or interest on the Loan, 
the consent of each Lender that would otherwise have received such 
principal or interest at an earlier date; (vi) in the case of an extension 
of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date (except as provided in § 2.12), the 
Term Loan A Maturity Date or the Term Loan B Maturity Date, each Lender 
whose Commitment is thereby extended; (vii) in the case of a change in the 
manner of distribution of any payments to the Lenders or the Agent, the 
consent of each Lender or the Agent directly affected thereby; (viii) in 
the case of the release of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Collateral 
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Lender directly 
affected thereby; (ix) in the case of an amendment of the definition of 
Required Lenders or of any requirement for consent by all of the Lenders or 
all affected Lenders, each Lender directly affected thereby, in the case of 
an amendment of the definition of Required Revolving Credit Lenders, each 
Revolving Credit Lender, in the case of an amendment of the definition of 
Required Term Loan A Lenders, each Term Loan A Lender, and, in the case of 
an amendment to the definition of Required Term Loan B Lenders, each Term 
Loan B Lender; (x) in the case of any modification to require a Lender to 
fund a pro rata share of a request for an advance of a Loan made by the 
Borrower other than based on such Lender’s applicable Commitment 
Percentage, the consent of each such Lender

156
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
thereby required to fund a pro rata share other than based on its 
applicable Commitment Percentage; (xi) in the case of an amendment to this 
§ 27, each Lender directly affected thereby; (a) in the case of an 
amendment of any provision of this Agreement or the Loan Documents which 
requires the approval of all of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, to 
require a lesser number of Lenders to approve such action, each Lender 
directly affected thereby, in the case of an amendment of any provision of 
any Loan Document that requires the approval of the Required Revolving 
Credit Lenders to require a lesser number of Lenders to approve such 
action, each Revolving Credit Lender or, in the case of an amendment to any 
provision of the Loan Documents that requires the approval of the Required 
Term Loan A Lenders or Required Term Loan B Lender, respectively, the 
consent of each Term Loan A Lender or Term Loan B Lender, respectively.  
Any fee letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, 
in a writing executed by the parties thereto.  The provisions of §14 may 
not be amended without the written consent of the Agent.  There shall be no 
amendment, modification or waiver of any provision in the Loan Documents 
with respect to Swing Loans without the consent of the Swing Loan Lender, 
nor any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision in the Loan 
Documents with respect to Letters of Credit without the consent of the 
Issuing Lender.  There shall be no amendment, modification or waiver of any 
provision in the Loan Documents which result in a modification of the 
conditions to funding with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitment, the 
Term Loan A Commitment or the Term Loan B Commitment without the written 
consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, the Required Term Loan A 
Lenders or the  Required Term Loan B Lenders, respectively, nor any 
amendment, modification or waiver that disproportionately affects the 
Revolving Credit Lenders, the Term Loan A Lenders or the Term Loan B 
Lenders without the approval of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, the 
Required Term Loan A Lenders or Required Term Loan B Lenders, respectively. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender 
shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or 
consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms 
requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected 
with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders, 
except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be 
increased without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment 
or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected 
Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than 
other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 The Borrower agrees to enter into such modifications or amendments of this 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents as reasonably may be requested by 
KeyBank and KBCM in connection with the syndication of the Loan, provided 
that no such amendment or modification materially affects or increases any 
of the obligations of the Borrower hereunder.  No waiver shall extend to or 
affect any obligation not expressly waived or impair any right consequent 
thereon.  No course of dealing or delay or omission on the part of the 
Agent or any Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver 
thereof or otherwise be prejudicial thereto.  No notice to or demand upon 
the Borrower shall entitle the Borrower to other or further notice or 
demand in similar or other circumstances.

(b)Further notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this §27, if the 
Agent and the Borrower have jointly identified an ambiguity, omission, 
mistake or defect in any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan 
Documents or an inconsistency between provisions of this Agreement and/or 
the other Loan Documents, the Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to 
amend such provision or provisions to cure such ambiguity, omission, 
mistake, defect or inconsistency so long as to do so would not adversely 
affect the interest of the

157
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Lenders.  Any such amendment shall become effective without any further or 
consent of any of other party to this Agreement.

SEVERABILITY

.

The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one clause or 
provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part 
in any jurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall affect 
only such clause or provision, or part thereof, in such jurisdiction, and 
shall not in any manner affect such clause or provision in any other 
jurisdiction, or any other clause or provision of this Agreement in any 
jurisdiction.

TIME OF THE ESSENCE

.

Time is of the essence with respect to each and every covenant, agreement 
and obligation of the Borrower and the Guarantors under this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents.

NO UNWRITTEN AGREEMENTS

.

THE LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND 
MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT 
ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS 
BETWEEN THE PARTIES.  ANY ADDITIONAL TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE 
PARTIES ARE SET FORTH BELOW.

REPLACEMENT NOTES

.

Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower of the 
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Note, and in the case of any 
such loss, theft or destruction, upon delivery of an indemnity agreement 
reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or, in the case of any such 
mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of the applicable Note, the 
Borrower will execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note, 
identical in form and substance to the applicable Note and dated as of the 
date of the applicable Note and upon such execution and delivery all 
references in the Loan Documents to such Note shall be deemed to refer to 
such replacement Note.

NO THIRD PARTIES BENEFITED

.

This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are made and entered into for 
the sole protection and legal benefit of the Borrower, the Guarantors, the 
Lenders, the Agent, the Arranger and their permitted successors and 
assigns, and no other Person shall be a direct or indirect legal 
beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action or claim in 
connection with, this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.  All 
conditions to the performance of the obligations of the Agent and the 
Lenders under this Agreement, including the obligation to make Loans and 
issue Letters of Credit, are imposed solely and exclusively for the benefit 
of the Agent and the Lenders and no other Person shall have standing to 
require satisfaction of such conditions in accordance with their terms or 
be entitled to assume that the Agent and the Lenders will refuse to make 
Loans or issue Letters of Credit in the absence of strict compliance with 
any

158
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
or all thereof and no other Person shall, under any circumstances, be 
deemed to be a beneficiary of such conditions, any and all of which may be 
freely waived in whole or in part by the Agent and the Lenders at any time 
if in their sole discretion they deem it desirable to do so.  In 
particular, the Agent and the Lenders make no representations and assume no 
obligations as to third parties concerning the quality of any construction 
by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any development or the 
absence therefrom of defects.

PATRIOT ACT

.

Each Lender and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) 
hereby notifies the Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the 
Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that 
identifies the Borrower, which information includes names and addresses and 
other information that will allow such Lender or the Agent, as applicable, 
to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act.

WAIVER OF CLAIMS

.

Borrower and Guarantors acknowledge, represent and agree that Borrower and 
Guarantors as of the date hereof have no defenses, setoffs, claims, 
counterclaims or causes of action of any kind or nature whatsoever with 
respect to the “Loan Documents” (as defined in the Original Credit 
Agreement and this Agreement), the administration or funding of the “Loans” 
(as defined in the Original Credit Agreement and this Agreement), or with 
respect to any acts or omissions of Agent or any past or present directors, 
officers, agents or employees of Agent or any of the Lenders, whether under 
the Original Credit Agreement or this Agreement or the Loan Documents, and 
each of Borrower and Guarantors does hereby expressly waive, release and 
relinquish any and all such defenses, setoffs, claims, counterclaims and 
causes of action, if any.

§35.CONSENT TO AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT; EFFECT OF AMENDMENT AND 
RESTATEMENT.

Pursuant to §27 of the Original Credit Agreement, KeyBank as Agent under 
the Original Credit Agreement and each Lender hereby consents to the 
amendment and restatement of the Original Credit Agreement pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement and the amendment or amendment and restatement of 
the other “Loan Documents” (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement), 
and by execution hereof the Lenders authorize Agent to enter into such 
agreements.  On the Closing Date, the Original Credit Agreement shall be 
amended and restated in its entirety by this Agreement, and the Original 
Credit Agreement, except as specifically set forth herein, shall thereafter 
be of no further force and effect and shall be deemed replaced and 
superseded in all respects by this Agreement.  The Lenders authorize Agent 
to terminate the “Cash Collateral Agreement” (as defined in the Original 
Credit Agreement) and to release the security interest in the collateral 
described therein.  The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this 
Agreement does not constitute a novation or termination of the 
“Obligations” under the Original Credit Agreement, which remain outstanding 
as of the Closing Date.  All interest and fees accrued and unpaid under the 
Original Credit Agreement as of the date of this Agreement shall be due and 
payable in the amount determined pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement 
for periods prior to the Closing Date on the next payment date for such 
interest or fee set forth in this Agreement.

159
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
§36.ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND CONSENT TO BAIL-IN OF EEA FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any 
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each 
party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial 
Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability 
is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an 
EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and 
agrees to be bound by:

(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA 
Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be 
payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and

(b)the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if 
applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or 
other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its 
parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or 
otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of  
ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any 
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or

(iii)the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the 
exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution 
Authority.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

 

160
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned have caused this Agreement to 
be executed by its duly authorized representatives as of the date first set 
forth above.

BORROWER:
 
MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:/s/ Jeffery C. Walraven
Name: Jeffery C. Walraven
Title: EVP, CFO, Secretary and Treasurer
 
(SEAL)
 
 
[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
AGENT AND LENDERS:
 
KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
individually as a Lender and as the Agent
 
By: /s/ Grant Saunders
Name: Grant Saunders
Title: Senior Vice President
 
 
 
[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
individually and as Co-Syndication Agent
 
By: /s/ Amrish Desai
Name: Amrish Desai
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
 
[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CITIBANK, N.A., individually and as Co-Syndication Agent
 
By: /s/ John C. Rowland
Name: John C. Rowland
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
 
[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, individually and as Documentation Agent
 
By:/s/ Scott Rossbach
Name: Scott Rossbach
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
FIFTH THIRD BANK, an Ohio banking corporation
 
By: /s/ Vera B. McEvoy
Name: Vera B. McEvoy
Title: Vice President
 
 
[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CADENCE BANK, N.A.
 
By:/s/ Drew Healy
Name: Drew Healy
Title: Senior Vice President
 
 

[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CITIZENS BANK, N.A.
 
By: /s/ Donald Woods
Name: Donald Woods
Title: Senior Vice President
 
 

[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
 
By: /s/ Sheena Lee
Name: Sheena Lee
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 

[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
RAYMOND JAMES BANK, N.A.
 
By: /s/ James M. Armstrong
Name: James M. Armstrong
Title: CRE Lending Manager/SVP
 
 

[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
PINNACLE BANK
 
By: /s/ Allison H. Jones
Name: Allison H. Jones
Title: Senior Vice President
 
 
 

[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
RENASANT BANK
 
By: /s/ Craig Gardella
Name: Craig Gardella
Title: Executive Vice President
 
 
 

[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
WHITNEY BANK dba HANCOCK BANK
 
By: /s/ Brian Wille
Name: Brian Wille
Title: Senior Vice President
 
 
 

[Signatures Continued on Next Page]

 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CAPSTAR BANK
 
By: /s/ Mark D. Mattson
Name: Mark D. Mattson
Title: Executive Vice President
 
 
 

KeyBank /  Second Amended and Restated MedEquities Credit Agreement 2017
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A


FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT


THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT (“Joinder Agreement”) is executed as of ___________, 
201_, by _______________________________, a __________________________ 
(“Joining Party”), and delivered to KeyBank National Association, as Agent, 
pursuant to §5.5 of that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017, as from time to time in effect 
(the “Credit Agreement”), by and among MedEquities Realty Operating 
Partnership, LP  (the “Borrower”), KeyBank National Association, for itself 
and as the Agent, and the other Lenders from time to time party thereto.  
Terms used but not defined in this Joinder Agreement shall have the 
meanings defined for those terms in the Credit Agreement.

RECITALS


A.

Joining Party is required, pursuant to §5.5 of the Credit Agreement, to 
become an additional Guarantor under the Guaranty, the Indemnity Agreement 
and the Contribution Agreement.

B.

Joining Party expects to realize direct and indirect benefits as a result 
of the availability to the Borrower of the credit facilities under the 
Credit Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, Joining Party agrees as follows:

AGREEMENT


Joinder

.  By this Joinder Agreement, Joining Party hereby becomes a “Subsidiary 
Guarantor” and a “Guarantor” under the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty, 
[the Indemnity Agreement] and the other Loan Documents with respect to all 
the Obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter incurred under the Credit 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and a “Guarantor” under the 
Contribution Agreement.  Joining Party agrees that Joining Party is and 
shall be bound by, and hereby assumes, all representations, warranties, 
covenants, terms, conditions, duties and waivers applicable to a 
“Subsidiary Guarantor” and a “Guarantor” under the Credit Agreement, the 
Guaranty, [the Indemnity Agreement,] the other Loan Documents and the 
Contribution Agreement.

Representations and Warranties of Joining Party

.  Joining Party represents and warrants to Agent that, as of the Effective 
Date (as defined below), the representations and warranties contained in 
the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents applicable to a 
“Subsidiary Guarantor” or “Guarantor” are true and correct in all material 
respects as applied to Joining Party as a Subsidiary Guarantor and a 
Guarantor on and as of the Effective Date as though made on that date.  As 
of the Effective Date, all covenants and agreements in the Loan Documents 
and the Contribution Agreement of the Guarantors apply to Joining Party and 
no Default or Event of Default shall exist or might exist upon the 
Effective Date in the event that Joining Party becomes a Guarantor.

A-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Joint and Several

.  Joining Party hereby agrees that, as of the Effective Date, the 
Guaranty, the Contribution Agreement, [and the Indemnity Agreement] 
heretofore delivered to the Agent and the Lenders shall be a joint and 
several obligation of Joining Party to the same extent as if executed and 
delivered by Joining Party, and upon request by the Agent, will promptly 
become a party to the Guaranty and the Contribution Agreement, [the 
Indemnity Agreement] to confirm such obligation.

Further Assurances

.  Joining Party agrees to execute and deliver such other instruments and 
documents and take such other action, as the Agent may reasonably request, 
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Joinder Agreement.

GOVERNING LAW

.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION UNDER, AND 
SHALL, PURSUANT TO NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTION 5-1401, BE 
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE 
STATE OF NEW YORK.

Counterparts

.  This Joinder Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts 
which shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.

 

The effective date (the “Effective Date”) of this Joinder Agreement is 
_________________, 201__.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Joining Party has executed this Joinder Agreement under 
seal as of the day and year first above written.

“JOINING PARTY”
 
, a
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
[SEAL]
ACKNOWLEDGED:
 
KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Agent
 
By:

Its:

 

A-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT B-1


FORM OF REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE


$___________________________, 201__

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (“Maker”), hereby promises to pay to 
________________ __________________ (“Payee”), or order, in accordance with 
the terms of that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
dated as of February 10, 2017, as from time to time in effect, by and among 
Maker, KeyBank National Association, for itself and as Agent, and such 
other Lenders as may be from time to time named therein (the “Credit 
Agreement”), to the extent not sooner paid, on or before the Revolving 
Credit Maturity Date, the principal sum of _________________ ($__________), 
or such amount as may be advanced by the Payee under the Credit Agreement 
as a Revolving Credit Loan with daily interest from the date thereof, 
computed as provided in the Credit Agreement, on the principal amount 
hereof from time to time unpaid, at a rate per annum on each portion of the 
principal amount which shall at all times be equal to the rate of interest 
applicable to such portion in accordance with the Credit Agreement, and 
with interest on overdue principal and, to the extent permitted by 
Applicable Law, on overdue installments of interest and late charges at the 
rates provided in the Credit Agreement.  Interest shall be payable on the 
dates specified in the Credit Agreement, except that all accrued interest 
shall be paid at the stated or accelerated maturity hereof or upon the 
prepayment in full hereof.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.

Payments hereunder shall be made to the Agent for the Payee at 127 Public 
Square, Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1306, or at such other address as Agent may 
designate from time to time.

This Revolving Credit Note (this “Note”) is one of one or more Revolving 
Credit Notes evidencing borrowings under and is entitled to the benefits 
and subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement.  The principal of 
this Note may be due and payable in whole or in part prior to the Revolving 
Credit Maturity Date and is subject to mandatory prepayment in the amounts 
and under the circumstances set forth in the Credit Agreement, and may be 
prepaid in whole or from time to time in part, all as set forth in the 
Credit Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, all agreements 
between the undersigned Maker and the Lenders and the Agent, whether now 
existing or hereafter arising and whether written or oral, are hereby 
limited so that in no contingency, whether by reason of acceleration of the 
maturity of any of the Obligations or otherwise, shall the interest 
contracted for, charged or received by the Lenders exceed the maximum 
amount permissible under Applicable Law.  If, from any circumstance 
whatsoever, interest would otherwise be payable to the Lenders in excess of 
the maximum lawful amount, the interest payable to the Lenders shall be 
reduced to the maximum amount permitted under Applicable Law; and if from 
any circumstance the Lenders shall ever receive anything of value deemed 
interest by Applicable Law in excess of the maximum lawful amount, an 
amount equal to any excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of 
the principal balance of the Obligations of the undersigned Maker and to 
the payment of interest or, if such excessive interest exceeds the unpaid 
balance of

B-1-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
principal of the Obligations of the undersigned Maker, such excess shall be 
refunded to the undersigned Maker.  All interest paid or agreed to be paid 
to the Lenders shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be 
amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full period until 
payment in full of the principal of the Obligations of the undersigned 
Maker (including the period of any renewal or extension thereof) so that 
the interest thereon for such full period shall not exceed the maximum 
amount permitted by Applicable Law.  This paragraph shall control all 
agreements between the undersigned Maker and the Lenders and the Agent.

In case an Event of Default shall occur, the entire principal amount of 
this Note may become or be declared due and payable in the manner and with 
the effect provided in said Credit Agreement.

This Note shall, pursuant to New York General Obligations Law Section 
5-1401, be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

The undersigned Maker and all guarantors and endorsers hereby waive 
presentment, demand, notice, protest, notice of intention to accelerate the 
indebtedness evidenced hereby, notice of acceleration of the indebtedness 
evidenced hereby and all other demands and notices in connection with the 
delivery, acceptance, performance and enforcement of this Note, except as 
specifically otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, and assent to 
extensions of time of payment or forbearance or other indulgence without 
notice.

[This Note is issued in replacement of that certain Revolving Credit Note 
dated July 30, 2015, made by the undersigned maker to the order of the 
Payee and issued pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement (the “Prior 
Note”), and shall supersede and replace the Prior Note in all respects.  
The execution and delivery by the undersigned of this Note shall not, in 
any manner or circumstance, be deemed to be a payment of, a novation of or 
to have terminated, extinguished or discharged any of the undersigned’s 
indebtedness evidenced by the Prior Note, all of which indebtedness shall 
continue under, and shall hereinafter be evidenced and governed by, this 
Note.]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has by its duly authorized officer 
executed this Note on the day and year first above written.

MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)
 

B-1-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT B-2


FORM OF TERM LOAN A NOTE


$___________________________, 201__

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (“Maker”), hereby promises to pay to 
________________ __________________ (“Payee”), or order, in accordance with 
the terms of that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
dated as of February 10, 2017, as from time to time in effect, by and among 
Maker, KeyBank National Association, for itself and as Agent, and such 
other Lenders as may be from time to time named therein (the “Credit 
Agreement”), to the extent not sooner paid, on or before the Term Loan A 
Maturity Date, the principal sum of _________________ ($__________), or 
such amount as may be advanced by the Payee under the Credit Agreement as a 
Term Loan A with daily interest from the date thereof, computed as provided 
in the Credit Agreement, on the principal amount hereof from time to time 
unpaid, at a rate per annum on each portion of the principal amount which 
shall at all times be equal to the rate of interest applicable to such 
portion in accordance with the Credit Agreement, and with interest on 
overdue principal and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, on 
overdue installments of interest and late charges at the rates provided in 
the Credit Agreement.  Interest shall be payable on the dates specified in 
the Credit Agreement, except that all accrued interest shall be paid at the 
stated or accelerated maturity hereof or upon the prepayment in full 
hereof.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.

Payments hereunder shall be made to the Agent for the Payee at 127 Public 
Square, Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1306, or at such other address as Agent may 
designate from time to time.

This Term Loan A Note (this “Note”) is one of one or more Term Loan A Notes 
evidencing borrowings under and is entitled to the benefits and subject to 
the provisions of the Credit Agreement.  The principal of this Note may be 
due and payable in whole or in part prior to the Term Loan A Maturity Date 
and is subject to mandatory prepayment in the amounts and under the 
circumstances set forth in the Credit Agreement, and may be prepaid in 
whole or from time to time in part, all as set forth in the Credit 
Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, all agreements 
between the undersigned Maker and the Lenders and the Agent, whether now 
existing or hereafter arising and whether written or oral, are hereby 
limited so that in no contingency, whether by reason of acceleration of the 
maturity of any of the Obligations or otherwise, shall the interest 
contracted for, charged or received by the Lenders exceed the maximum 
amount permissible under Applicable Law.  If, from any circumstance 
whatsoever, interest would otherwise be payable to the Lenders in excess of 
the maximum lawful amount, the interest payable to the Lenders shall be 
reduced to the maximum amount permitted under Applicable Law; and if from 
any circumstance the Lenders shall ever receive anything of value deemed 
interest by Applicable Law in excess of the maximum lawful amount, an 
amount equal to any excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of 
the principal balance of the Obligations of the undersigned Maker and to 
the payment of interest or, if such excessive interest exceeds the unpaid 
balance of

B-2-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
principal of the Obligations of the undersigned Maker, such excess shall be 
refunded to the undersigned Maker.  All interest paid or agreed to be paid 
to the Lenders shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be 
amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full period until 
payment in full of the principal of the Obligations of the undersigned 
Maker (including the period of any renewal or extension thereof) so that 
the interest thereon for such full period shall not exceed the maximum 
amount permitted by Applicable Law.  This paragraph shall control all 
agreements between the undersigned Maker and the Lenders and the Agent.

This Note shall, pursuant to New York General Obligations Law Section 
5-1401, be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

The undersigned Maker and all guarantors and endorsers hereby waive 
presentment, demand, notice, protest, notice of intention to accelerate the 
indebtedness evidenced hereby, notice of acceleration of the indebtedness 
evidenced hereby and all other demands and notices in connection with the 
delivery, acceptance, performance and enforcement of this Note, except as 
specifically otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, and assent to 
extensions of time of payment or forbearance or other indulgence without 
notice.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has by its duly authorized officer 
executed this Note on the day and year first above written.

MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)
 
 

B-2-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT B-3


FORM OF TERM LOAN B NOTE


$___________________________, 201__

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (“Maker”), hereby promises to pay to 
________________ __________________ (“Payee”), or order, in accordance with 
the terms of that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
dated as of February 10, 2017, as from time to time in effect, by and among 
Maker, KeyBank National Association, for itself and as Agent, and such 
other Lenders as may be from time to time named therein (the “Credit 
Agreement”), to the extent not sooner paid, on or before the Term Loan B 
Maturity Date, the principal sum of _________________ ($__________), or 
such amount as may be advanced by the Payee under the Credit Agreement as a 
Term Loan B with daily interest from the date thereof, computed as provided 
in the Credit Agreement, on the principal amount hereof from time to time 
unpaid, at a rate per annum on each portion of the principal amount which 
shall at all times be equal to the rate of interest applicable to such 
portion in accordance with the Credit Agreement, and with interest on 
overdue principal and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, on 
overdue installments of interest and late charges at the rates provided in 
the Credit Agreement.  Interest shall be payable on the dates specified in 
the Credit Agreement, except that all accrued interest shall be paid at the 
stated or accelerated maturity hereof or upon the prepayment in full 
hereof.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.

Payments hereunder shall be made to the Agent for the Payee at 127 Public 
Square, Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1306, or at such other address as Agent may 
designate from time to time.

This Term Loan B Note (this “Note”) is one of one or more Term Loan B Notes 
evidencing borrowings under and is entitled to the benefits and subject to 
the provisions of the Credit Agreement.  The principal of this Note may be 
due and payable in whole or in part prior to the Term Loan B Maturity Date 
and is subject to mandatory prepayment in the amounts and under the 
circumstances set forth in the Credit Agreement, and may be prepaid in 
whole or from time to time in part, all as set forth in the Credit 
Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, all agreements 
between the undersigned Maker and the Lenders and the Agent, whether now 
existing or hereafter arising and whether written or oral, are hereby 
limited so that in no contingency, whether by reason of acceleration of the 
maturity of any of the Obligations or otherwise, shall the interest 
contracted for, charged or received by the Lenders exceed the maximum 
amount permissible under Applicable Law.  If, from any circumstance 
whatsoever, interest would otherwise be payable to the Lenders in excess of 
the maximum lawful amount, the interest payable to the Lenders shall be 
reduced to the maximum amount permitted under Applicable Law; and if from 
any circumstance the Lenders shall ever receive anything of value deemed 
interest by Applicable Law in excess of the maximum lawful amount, an 
amount equal to any excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of 
the principal balance of the Obligations of the undersigned Maker and to 
the payment of interest or, if such excessive interest exceeds the unpaid 
balance of

B-3-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
principal of the Obligations of the undersigned Maker, such excess shall be 
refunded to the undersigned Maker.  All interest paid or agreed to be paid 
to the Lenders shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be 
amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full period until 
payment in full of the principal of the Obligations of the undersigned 
Maker (including the period of any renewal or extension thereof) so that 
the interest thereon for such full period shall not exceed the maximum 
amount permitted by Applicable Law.  This paragraph shall control all 
agreements between the undersigned Maker and the Lenders and the Agent.

This Note shall, pursuant to New York General Obligations Law Section 
5-1401, be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

The undersigned Maker and all guarantors and endorsers hereby waive 
presentment, demand, notice, protest, notice of intention to accelerate the 
indebtedness evidenced hereby, notice of acceleration of the indebtedness 
evidenced hereby and all other demands and notices in connection with the 
delivery, acceptance, performance and enforcement of this Note, except as 
specifically otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, and assent to 
extensions of time of payment or forbearance or other indulgence without 
notice.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has by its duly authorized officer 
executed this Note on the day and year first above written.

MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)
 
 
 

B-3-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT C


FORM OF SWING LOAN NOTE


$25,000,000.00__________, 2017

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (“Maker”), hereby promises to pay to 
________________ __________________ (“Payee”), or order, in accordance with 
the terms of that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
dated as of February 10, 2017, as from time to time in effect, by and among 
Maker, KeyBank National Association, for itself and as Agent, and such 
other Lenders as may be from time to time named therein (the “Credit 
Agreement”), to the extent not sooner paid, on or before the Revolving 
Credit Maturity Date, the principal sum of Twenty-Five Million and No/100 
Dollars ($25,000,000.00), or such amount as may be advanced by the Payee 
under the Credit Agreement as a Swing Loan with daily interest from the 
date thereof, computed as provided in the Credit Agreement, on the 
principal amount hereof from time to time unpaid, at a rate per annum on 
each portion of the principal amount which shall at all times be equal to 
the rate of interest applicable to such portion in accordance with the 
Credit Agreement, and with interest on overdue principal and, to the extent 
permitted by Applicable Law, on overdue installments of interest and late 
charges at the rates provided in the Credit Agreement.  Interest shall be 
payable on the dates specified in the Credit Agreement, except that all 
accrued interest shall be paid at the stated or accelerated maturity hereof 
or upon the prepayment in full hereof.  Capitalized terms used herein and 
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the 
Credit Agreement.

Payments hereunder shall be made to the Agent for the Payee at 127 Public 
Square, Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1306, or at such other address as Agent may 
designate from time to time.

This Swing Loan Note (this “Note”) is the Swing Loan Note evidencing 
borrowings of Swing Loans under and is entitled to the benefits and subject 
to the provisions of the Credit Agreement.  The principal of this Note may 
be due and payable in whole or in part prior to the Revolving Credit 
Maturity Date and is subject to mandatory prepayment in the amounts and 
under the circumstances set forth in the Credit Agreement, and may be 
prepaid in whole or from time to time in part, all as set forth in the 
Credit Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, all agreements 
between the undersigned Maker and the Lenders and the Agent, whether now 
existing or hereafter arising and whether written or oral, are hereby 
limited so that in no contingency, whether by reason of acceleration of the 
maturity of any of the Obligations or otherwise, shall the interest 
contracted for, charged or received by the Lenders exceed the maximum 
amount permissible under Applicable Law.  If, from any circumstance 
whatsoever, interest would otherwise be payable to the Lenders in excess of 
the maximum lawful amount, the interest payable to the Lenders shall be 
reduced to the maximum amount permitted under Applicable Law; and if from 
any circumstance the Lenders shall ever receive anything of value deemed 
interest by Applicable Law in excess of the maximum lawful amount, an 
amount equal to any excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of 
the principal balance of the Obligations of the undersigned Maker and to 
the payment of interest or, if such excessive interest exceeds the unpaid 
balance of

C-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
principal of the Obligations of the undersigned Maker, such excess shall be 
refunded to the undersigned Maker.  All interest paid or agreed to be paid 
to the Lenders shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be 
amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full period until 
payment in full of the principal of the Obligations of the undersigned 
Maker (including the period of any renewal or extension thereof) so that 
the interest thereon for such full period shall not exceed the maximum 
amount permitted by Applicable Law.  This paragraph shall control all 
agreements between the undersigned Maker and the Lenders and the Agent.

In case an Event of Default shall occur, the entire principal amount of 
this Note may become or be declared due and payable in the manner and with 
the effect provided in said Credit Agreement.

This Note shall, pursuant to New York General Obligations Law Section 
5-1401, be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

The undersigned Maker and all guarantors and endorsers hereby waive 
presentment, demand, notice, protest, notice of intention to accelerate the 
indebtedness evidenced hereby, notice of acceleration of the indebtedness 
evidenced hereby and all other demands and notices in connection with the 
delivery, acceptance, performance and enforcement of this Note, except as 
specifically otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, and assent to 
extensions of time of payment or forbearance or other indulgence without 
notice.

This Note is issued in replacement of that certain Swing Loan Note dated 
July 30, 2015, made by the undersigned maker to the order of KeyBank 
National Association and issued pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement 
(the “Prior Note”), and shall supersede and replace the Prior Note in all 
respects.  The execution and delivery by the undersigned of this Note shall 
not, in any manner or circumstance, be deemed to be a payment of, a 
novation of or to have terminated, extinguished or discharged any of the 
undersigned’s indebtedness evidenced by the Prior Note, all of which 
indebtedness shall continue under, and shall hereinafter be evidenced and 
governed by, this Note.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has by its duly authorized officer 
executed this Note on the day and year first above written.

MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)

C-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT D


FORM OF REQUEST FOR REVOLVING CREDIT LOAN


KeyBank National Association, as Agent
4211 W. Boy Scout Boulevard, Suite 570
Tampa, Florida  33607
Attn:  Jay Jordan

KeyBank National Association, as Agent
4910 Tiedeman Road, 3rd Floor
Brooklyn, Ohio  44144
Attn:  Marc Drummond

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to the provisions of §2.7 of that certain Second Amended and 
Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017 (as the same may 
hereafter be amended, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among MedEquities 
Realty Operating Partnership, LP  (the “Borrower”), KeyBank National 
Association for itself and as Agent, and the other Lenders from time to 
time party thereto, the Borrower hereby requests and certifies as follows:

1.Revolving Credit Loan.  The Borrower hereby requests a [Revolving Credit 
Loan under §2.1] [Swing Loan under §2.5] of the Credit Agreement:

Principal Amount:  $__________
Type (LIBOR Rate, Base Rate):
Drawdown Date:
Interest Period for LIBOR Rate Loans:

by credit to the general account of the Borrower with the Agent at the 
Agent’s Head Office.

[If the requested Loan is a Swing Loan and the Borrower desires for such 
Loan to be a LIBOR Rate Loan following its conversion as provided in 
§2.5(d), specify the Interest Period following 
conversion:_________________]

2.Use of Proceeds.  Such Loan shall be used for purposes permitted by §2.9 
of the Credit Agreement.

3.No Default.  Borrower certifies that the Borrower and the Guarantors are 
and will be in compliance with all covenants under the Loan Documents after 
giving effect to the making of the Loan requested hereby and no Default or 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.  No condemnation 
proceedings are pending or, to the undersigned’s knowledge, threatened 
against any Borrowing Base Asset, except as disclosed in writing to Agent.

4.Representations True.  Borrower certifies, represents and agrees that 
each of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of the 
Borrower, the Guarantors or their

D-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
respective Subsidiaries, contained in the Credit Agreement, in the other 
Loan Documents or in any document or instrument delivered pursuant to or in 
connection with the Credit Agreement was true in all material respects as 
of the date on which it was made and, is true in all material respects as 
of the date hereof and shall also be true in all material respects at and 
as of the Drawdown Date for the Loan requested hereby, with the same effect 
as if made at and as of such Drawdown Date, except to the extent of changes 
resulting from transactions permitted by the Loan Documents (it being 
understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its 
terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and 
correct only as of such specified date).

5.Other Conditions.  The undersigned chief executive officer, president or 
chief financial officer of the Borrower certifies, represents and agrees 
that all other conditions to the making of the Loan requested hereby set 
forth in the Credit Agreement have been satisfied or waived in writing.

6.Definitions.  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with 
the meanings so defined.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed this request this 
_____ day of _____________, 201__.

MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)
 
 

D-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT E


FORM OF REQUEST FOR TERM LOAN


KeyBank National Association, as Agent
4211 W. Boy Scout Boulevard, Suite 570
Tampa, Florida  33607
Attn:  Jay Jordan

KeyBank National Association, as Agent
4910 Tiedeman Road, 3rd Floor
Brooklyn, Ohio  44144
Attn:  Marc Drummond

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to the provisions of §2.7 of that certain Second Amended and 
Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017 (as the same may 
hereafter be amended, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among MedEquities 
Realty Operating Partnership, LP  (the “Borrower”), KeyBank National 
Association for itself and as Agent, and the other Lenders from time to 
time party thereto, the Borrower hereby requests and certifies as follows:

1.Term Loan.  The Borrower hereby requests a [Term Loan A] [Term Loan B] 
under §2.2 of the Credit Agreement:

Principal Amount:  $__________
Type (LIBOR Rate, Base Rate):
Drawdown Date:
Interest Period for LIBOR Rate Loans:

by credit to the general account of the Borrower with the Agent at the 
Agent’s Head Office.

2.Use of Proceeds.  Such Loan shall be used for purposes permitted by §2.9 
of the Credit Agreement.

3.No Default.  Borrower certifies that the Borrower and the Guarantors are 
and will be in compliance with all covenants under the Loan Documents after 
giving effect to the making of the Loan requested hereby and no Default or 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.  No condemnation 
proceedings are pending or, to the undersigned’s knowledge, threatened 
against any Borrowing Base Asset, except as disclosed in writing to Agent.

4.Representations True.  Borrower certifies, represents and agrees that 
each of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of the 
Borrower, the Guarantors or their respective Subsidiaries, contained in the 
Credit Agreement, in the other Loan Documents or in any document or 
instrument delivered pursuant to or in connection with the Credit Agreement 
was true in all material respects as of the date on which it was made and, 
is true in all material respects as of the date hereof and shall also be 
true in all material respects at and as of the

E-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Drawdown Date for the Loan requested hereby, with the same effect as if 
made at and as of such Drawdown Date, except to the extent of changes 
resulting from transactions permitted by the Loan Documents (it being 
understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its 
terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and 
correct only as of such specified date).

5.Other Conditions.  The undersigned chief executive officer, president or 
chief financial officer of the Borrower certifies, represents and agrees 
that all other conditions to the making of the Loan requested hereby set 
forth in the Credit Agreement have been satisfied or waived in writing.

6.Definitions.  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with 
the meanings so defined.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed this request this 
_____ day of _____________, 201__.

MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)


 


 

E-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT F


FORM OF LETTER OF CREDIT REQUEST


[Date]


KeyBank National Association, as Agent
4910 Tiedeman Road, 3rd Floor
Brooklyn, Ohio  44144
Attn:  Amy MacLearie

KeyBank National Association, as Agent
4910 Tiedeman Road, 3rd Floor
Brooklyn, Ohio  44144
Attn:  Marc Drummond

 

Re:

Letter of Credit Request under Credit Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to §2.10 of that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017, by and among you, certain other 
Lenders and MedEquities Realty Operating Partnership, LP  (the “Borrower”), 
as amended from time to time (the “Credit Agreement”), we hereby request 
that you issue a Letter of Credit as follows:

(i)Name and address of beneficiary:

(ii)Face amount:  $

(iii)Proposed Issuance Date:

(iv)Proposed Expiration Date:

(v)Other terms and conditions as set forth in the proposed form of Letter 
of Credit attached hereto.

(vi)Purpose of Letter of Credit:

This Letter of Credit Request is submitted pursuant to, and shall be 
governed by, and subject to satisfaction of, the terms, conditions and 
provisions set forth in §2.10 of the Credit Agreement.

The Borrower certifies that the Borrower is and will be in compliance with 
all covenants under the Loan Documents after giving effect to the issuance 
of the Letter of Credit requested hereby and no Default or Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing.  No condemnation proceedings are pending 
or, to the undersigned’s knowledge, threatened against any Borrowing Base 
Asset, except as disclosed in writing to Agent.

F-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
We also understand that if you grant this request this request obligates us 
to accept the requested Letter of Credit and pay the issuance fee and 
Letter of Credit fee as required by §2.10(e).  All capitalized terms 
defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein without definition shall 
have the meanings set forth in §1.1 of the Credit Agreement.

The Borrower certifies, represents and agrees that each of the 
representations and warranties made by or on behalf of the Borrower, the 
Guarantors or their respective Subsidiaries, contained in the Credit 
Agreement, in the other Loan Documents or in any document or instrument 
delivered pursuant to or in connection with the Credit Agreement was true 
in all material respects as of the date on which it was made, is true in 
all material respects as of the date hereof and shall also be true in all 
material respects at and as of the proposed issuance date of the Letter of 
Credit requested hereby, with the same effect as if made at and as of the 
proposed issuance date, except to the extent of changes resulting from 
transactions permitted by the Loan Documents (it being understood and 
agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of 
a specified date shall be required to be true and correct only as of such 
specified date).

Very truly yours,

MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)
 
 

F-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT G


FORM OF letter of credit application


(See attached.)
 

G-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

KeyBank National Association
 


Application for Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit

 To: Standby Letter of Credit Services
  4900 Tiedeman, 4th floor726 Exchange Street, Suite 900
  Cleveland, Ohio 44144-2302Buffalo, New York 14210
  Mailcode: OH-01-49-0455Mailcode: NY-00-72-0100
   Fax Number: (216) 813-3719Fax Number: (216) 813-3719
 Please issue
   Courier SWIFT

your Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit and notify the Beneficiary
to Attention:(Telephone Number)
 no later than(date) via



 (Advising Bank Swift Address, if known)

 Advising Bank Name:
 Address:


 (if applicable)

 
 
 
 
 Account Party(ies)/Applicant(s) Name and Address: (PO Box is not
 acceptable)

 Applicant Name to appear on the Letter of Credit (if different from
 Account Party):
 (Name and address (PO Box is not acceptable),


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Is this party legally related to Account Party through ownership?
 YesNo
 If yes, please indicate relationship:
 ParentSubsidiaryAffiliateOwner
 If no, provide the following:
  a.Tax ID number:
  b.If an individual, date of birth:
    c.Brief description of why account party is applying for a Letter of
    Credit for a non-related entity.
 Beneficiary Name and Address:

 Brief description of underlying transaction:




 
 
 
 

 Expiration Date:

 Dollar Amount $and currency if other than USD

 Automatic Extension Clause?Yes_ No
 If yes, indicate Number of Days for Notice:if No, leave blank.
 (Amount in words):




 Is there an Ultimate Expiration Date? ___ Yes ___ No If yes, indicate
 Ultimate Expiration Date:
Available by Drafts at sight drawn on KeyBank National Association and 
accompanied by the following documentation:
 
A statement signed by an authorized representative of Beneficiary stating: 
“_____, has not performed or fulfilled all of the undertakings, covenants
and conditions in accordance with the terms of the agreement dated________ 
between (Applicant) and (Beneficiary).”

 
A certificate signed by an authorized representative of Beneficiary 
stating: “We hereby certify that____, has failed to honor their contractual
agreement datedbetween (Applicant) and (Beneficiary).”

 
 A statement signed by an authorized representative of Beneficiary stating
 as follows: (insert wording that is to appear in the statement
 accompanying the draft):



 
No statement or document other than Beneficiary’s draft is required to be 
presented under this Letter of Credit.

 
Issue per attached sample
 


KeyCorp: Confidential
Page 1 of 2
 

G-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 Partial Drawings:
Permitted
Not Permitted
Charges for: Applicant
 Multiple Drawings:
Permitted
Not Permitted
 
 

 Special instructions or conditions:



 Account Party(ies) shall keep and maintain Demand Deposit Account No.at
 all times until the Letter of Credit has finally expired and all
 reimbursement
 and other obligations in respect thereof have been paid in full in cash.
 KeyBank is authorized to debit the Demand Deposit Account or any successor
 account to pay any amounts which become due by Account Party(ies) in
 connection with the Letter of Credit, including any fees charged to
 Account Party(ies) or the amount of any draw(s) made under the Letter of
 Credit by the Beneficiary. KeyBank and any applicable Keycorp Affiliates
 (collectively and severally “Key”) shall have all rights, remedies and/or
 collateral provided for under (a) any Standby Letter of Credit
 Reimbursement and Security Agreement executed by the Account Party(ies) in
 favor of Key at, prior to or after the date hereof and any other
 reimbursement agreement, credit agreement, security agreement, pledge
 agreement or other agreement or instrument in effect at any time between
 Account Party(ies) and Key that obligate and/or secure reimbursement in
 respect of letters of credit by Account Party(ies) or any of them.
 
 This application and agreement and each letter of credit are subject to
 the provisions of, and Key shall have all rights and remedies provided for
 under (a) Article 5 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time
 to time and (b) either the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary
 Credits or the International Standby Practices, in each case as
 established by the International Chamber of Commerce from time to time
 (whichever may be determined to be appropriate by Key under the
 circumstances) and to the terms and conditions set forth in the Standby
 Letter of Credit Reimbursement and Security Agreement dated
       executed by the Account Parties.
 

Date:
 Authorized Signer- Applicant

 
 Signer’s printed name
 [Only required if different from Account Party]
 

Date:
 Authorized Signer- Account Party
 
 
 Signer’s printed name
 
 


































 


































 


































G-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

Page 1 of 6

 
 


KeyBank National Association
 


STANDBY LETTER OF CREDIT REIMBURSEMENT
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

In consideration of the issuance from time to time, at the request of the 
Account Parties of one or more Credits in accordance with the terms of any 
Standby Letter of Credit Application(s) submitted by the Account Parties to 
the Issuer, the Account Parties hereby represent, warrant and agree as 
follows:

1. DEFINITIONS: The following definitions shall apply herein: “ACCOUNT 
PARTIES” is defined in Paragraph 13 below.

“AGREEMENT” means this Standby Letter of Credit Reimbursement and Security 
Agreement, including as the same may from time to time be amended, 
modified, supplements and/or restated.

“BANK LIABILITIES” is defined in Paragraph 8 below.

“CREDIT” means each letter of credit requested or described in any Letter 
of Credit Application submitted to the Issuer by any of the Account Parties 
and issued by the Issuer, including, in each case, as the same may be 
amended from time to time.

“DEPOSIT ACCOUNT” is defined in Paragraph 2 below.

“DOCUMENTS” mean any document, however evidenced, negotiable or 
non-negotiable, including, but not limited to, all documents and 
certificates accompanying or relating to presentations, drafts or demands 
under or in respect of any Credit.

“DRAFTS” means any draft drawn under or presentment or demand made for 
payment on any Credit.

“ISP” means the International Standby Practices adopted by the 
International Chamber of Commerce in force at the time of issuance of the 
Credit, as the same may be thereafter amended or replaced.

“ISSUER” means any KeyCorp affiliate that issues any Credit.

“LETTER OF CREDIT APPLICATION” means any request submitted by any of the 
Account Parties to the Issuer (in written or electronic form and whether 
set forth on the Issuer’s application form or otherwise) for the issuance 
of any Credit or Credits for the account of any of the Account Parties.

“PROPERTY” means all tangible and intangible property of any kind, whether 
real, personal or mixed, including, without limitation, goods, negotiable 
or non-negotiable instruments, documents of title, securities, funds, 
choses in action and any right or interest therein. Property in Issuer’s 
possession shall include Property in possession of any person or entity 
other than Issuer that holds such property as agent, trustee or otherwise 
for the benefit or account of Issuer.

“REIMBURSEMENT OBLIGATIONS” means the obligations of the Account Parties to 
reimburse the Issuer for all payments made by or for the account of the 
Issuer with respect to any presentment on a Credit and to pay, reimburse 
and/or indemnify the Issuer for all fees, charges, costs, expenses and 
liabilities charged or incurred by or asserted against the Issuer in 
connection with this Agreement, any Letter of Credit Application and/or any 
Credit and includes, without limitation, all such obligations provided for 
in Sections 2, 3 and 7 of this Agreement.


G-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


Page 2 of 6

 
“REQUESTS” means any request, instruction, waiver or agreement made or 
agreed upon by any of the Account Parties and communicated to the Issuer in 
writing, by telephone or by any means of electronic communication that is 
honored or relied upon by the Issuer in connection with the issuance, 
terms, amendment, waiver of discrepancies, and/or honor, dishonor, payment 
or acceptance of any presentment or drawing on any Credit.

“UNIFORM CUSTOMS” means the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary 
Credits adopted by the International Chamber of Commerce in force at the 
time of issuance of the Credit, as the same may be thereafter amended or 
replaced.

2.PAYMENT TERMS: The Issuer may honor and accept or pay any draft, demand 
or drawing presented to Issuer on or in respect of any Credit, regardless 
of when drawn or presented and whether or not negotiated, if such 
presentment, any related documents required to accompany the drawing and 
any transmittal advice are dated on or before the expiration date of the 
Credit. The expiration date of the Credit shall in all cases be the 
expiration date stated therein or in any amendment expressly extending such 
date, and shall not be extended or deemed extended on account of or by 
reference to any action or inaction of any person or entity or the terms of 
any other communication or agreement. Issuer may accept any presentment, 
draft, instruction or other document that appears on its face to be signed 
or issued by the beneficiary or other party authorized or specified under 
the Credit to draw or issue such instruments or other documents, whether in 
the name of the beneficiary or other party as reflected in the Credit or as 
such name may have been changed, and/or by any successor to or 
administrator, executor, trustee in bankruptcy, debtor in possession 
assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver, conservator, 
or other legal representative of the beneficiary or such other party, if 
the same otherwise complies on its face with the terms of the Credit. The 
Account Parties, jointly and severally, agree to reimburse Issuer at its 
main office on demand in United States Dollars: (A) as to drafts payable in 
United States Dollars drawn or to be drawn under the Credit, the amount 
paid or payable thereon, or (B) as to such drafts payable in currency other 
than United States Dollars, the equivalent of the amount paid in United 
States Dollars at Issuer’s selling rate of exchange in the currency in 
which such draft is drawn, (C) any and all other expenses or charges 
incurred by Issuer in issuing or effecting payment of the Credit, for 
perfecting or maintaining, and insuring the Property, and for enforcing 
Issuer’s rights and remedies under this Agreement, (D) interest from the 
date of such payment at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) zero 
and (ii) the Prime Rate of KeyBank National Association in effect from time 
to time plus the rate margin customarily charged by Issuer to other account 
parties with similar credit worthiness and in like circumstances or as 
agreed by Account Parties, upon all unpaid drafts and other payment, 
reimbursement and/or indemnification obligations of Account Parties 
hereunder until paid in full, but in no event higher than the highest 
lawful rate permitted by law, and (E) such commission, issuance, letter of 
credit commitment fees, draw fees, and negotiation fees at such rate as 
Issuer may determine from time to time and/or as agreed by Account Parties. 
The Account Parties shall at all times keep and maintain a deposit account 
at the Issuer described in the Application (the “Deposit Account”). Without 
prior notice or demand Issuer is authorized to charge the Deposit Account 
or any other deposit account maintained by any of the Account Parties with 
Issuer or any other KeyCorp affiliate for the amount of any draft and all 
other reimbursement obligations hereunder.

3.INCREASED COSTS: If any law or regulation, or change therein, or 
interpretation, administration or enforcement thereof, by any person, 
agency or court shall (A) impose upon or modify any reserve or special 
deposit requirement, insurance assessment or other requirement against or 
affecting the Credit, or (B) impose any tax, other than tax imposed upon 
the income of Issuer, or withholding of any kind, or (C) impose or modify 
any capital requirement, impose any condition upon, supplement to or 
increase of any kind to Issuer’s capital base, and the result of any such 
event increases the cost or decreases the benefit to Issuer of issuing or 
maintaining any Credit, then the Account Parties shall pay to Issuer upon 
request such amounts as are advised by Issuer that are necessary to 
compensate Issuer for all increased costs and/or decreased benefits 
attributable to any of the foregoing. Upon written request, Issuer will 
certify such amounts. Issuer’s certification shall be conclusive absent 
manifest error.

4.REQUESTS: Requests shall be made by those persons purportedly authorized 
by any of the Account Parties. Account Parties agree to provide Issuer from 
time to time a written list of all such authorized representatives. Issuer 
shall not be obligated to identify or confirm such persons beyond the use 
of the

Page 3 of 6

 


authorized name or code identification, if any, that is established by 
Issuer and/or Account Parties. All requests will be confirmed by Issuer in 
writing or through the use of any electronic communication system used in 
the ordinary course of business between Issuer and the Account Parties. The 
Account Parties will promptly report all discrepancies upon their receipt 
of such confirmation. Issuer may, but shall not be obligated to, assign a 
unique code number or word and require such code to be used by the Account

G-5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Parties, and thereafter all further requests shall refer to such code. 
Issuer shall not be liable for any loss which the Account Parties may incur 
as a result of Issuer’s compliance with any request received by Issuer that 
complies with the terms of this Agreement, even if in fact unauthorized, 
provided that Issuer acted in good faith and exercised reasonable care.


5.MODIFICATION OF CREDITS: Any amendment to the terms of a Credit may be 
authorized by those persons purportedly authorized by any one of the 
Account Parties without notice to any other of the Account Parties, but any 
increase in the amount of a Credit or extension of the expiration date 
under a Credit for presentation of Drafts or Documents shall only be 
approved by those persons authorized by the Account Parties. Account 
Parties agree that if a Credit provides for automatic renewal or extension 
of the expiration date unless the beneficiary is notified to the contrary 
in advance of any then current expiration date, and Account Parties 
determine to instruct the Issuer not to allow such renewal or extension, 
Account Parties must notify Issuer in writing to such effect not later than 
60 days prior to the latest then applicable date for notification of the 
beneficiary of non-renewal or non-extension under the terms of the Credit. 
If such notice by the Account Parties is not timely made, Issuer may 
automatically renew or extend the Credit and Account Parties will have no 
claim or cause of action against Issuer and will continue to be fully 
liable for all Reimbursement Obligations incurred and/or arising with 
respect to such Credit, including after giving effect to any such automatic 
renewal or extension. Issuer may, in its sole discretion, elect not to 
renew or extend any Credit and if Issuer does not renew or extend the 
Credit Account Parties will have no claim or cause of action against Issuer 
and will continue to be fully liable for all Reimbursement Obligations 
incurred and/or arising with respect to such Credit, including as a result 
of the non-renewal or non-extension thereof. This Agreement shall in all 
events be and remain binding upon all of the Account Parties with regard to 
the Credit, as increased, amended, extended or renewed, notwithstanding any 
refusal of Issuer to agree to any increase, amendment, renewal or 
extension, as to the form, content, action or inaction taken with respect 
to any Drafts, Documents and/or Property associated therewith and/or any 
action taken or not taken by Issuer and any of Issuer’s correspondents in 
connection therewith.

6.LIMITED LIABILITY: None of Issuer, Issuer’s employees, agents or 
correspondents or any person or entity advising or confirming any Credit 
shall be responsible for or liable on account of: (A) the invalidity, 
insufficiency, or any lack of genuineness or due authorization of any Draft 
or Document or any fraud or forgery of or affecting any Draft or Document; 
(B) the inadequacy of insufficiency of the coverages and/or terms of any 
insurance, any lack of validity, genuineness or enforceability of any 
insurance or associated Document or the insolvency of any insurer; (C) the 
performance, solvency or financial responsibility of any party issuing or 
having liability on or under any Document; (D) delays on non-delivery of 
any Draft or Document; (E) any breach of contract or other wrongful action 
by or between any person and the Account Parties; (F) failure of any Draft 
or Document to be sufficient in form or content to effect a proper and 
conforming presentment on any Credit; (G) errors or omissions in and/or 
interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, Drafts 
or Documents by mail, cable, telegraph, wireless, email, PDF or otherwise 
or for any errors in translation or interpretation of terms; (H) any action 
or inaction taken in conformity with the rights of the Issuer or any 
adviser or confirmer under the ISP or UCP and/or (I) other consequences 
arising from causes beyond the control of any Issuer, adviser or confirmer, 
or any person or entity acting on behalf of any such party, including, but 
not limited to, any action or omission by, or any law, regulation or 
restriction of, any de facto or de jure domestic or foreign government or 
agency. IN NO EVENT SHALL ISSUER BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.

7.WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY: Each of the Account Parties hereby represents, 
warrants, covenants and confirms to and for the benefit of Issuer that 
Account Parties understand the general nature and operation of a letter of 
credit and the obligations, rights and remedies of the Account Parties on 
the one hand and the Issuer on the other in regard to letters of credit, 
including, without limitation: (A) the obligation of the Account Parties to 
reimburse Issuer for all payments to the beneficiary in respect of

Page 4 of 6

 


presentments on the Credit, (B) the conditions set forth in the Credit to 
the obligation of Issuer to pay any drawing on the Credit, (C) that Issuer 
has no responsibility or liability in connection with any underlying 
contract or other transaction between any of the Account Parties and the 
beneficiary of the Credit, (D) that Issuer is not acting as an agent or in 
any fiduciary capacity for or on behalf of the Account Parties or the 
beneficiary, but solely as an issuer of letters of credit, (E) Issuer makes 
no representation or warranty regarding the value or desirability of the 
Account Parties’ transactions in connection with which any Credit is 
issued, the decision to utilize any Credit or the appropriateness of or 
risks arising from the terms or conditions of any Credit, (F) that the 
Account Parties should seek advice from their legal counsel with respect to 
any Letter of Credit Application, this Agreement, the issuance and terms of 
any Credit and the related underlying transactions and (G) Account Parties 
unconditionally approve and assume all risks associated with the terms of 
each Credit, regardless of any advice

G-6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

provided by Issuer with respect to the form or terms of the Credit. Each of 
the Account Parties hereby further represents, warrants, covenants and 
confirms to and for the benefit of Issuer that the transactions associated 
with each Credit do not violate any applicable law, rule or regulation of 
the United States, any state or the United States and/or any foreign nation 
or governmental authority thereof, including, without limitation, 
anti-terrorism, anti-money laundering, export/import and/or corrupt 
practices laws, orders, rules and regulations. All representations, 
warranties and indemnities set forth herein shall survive Issuer’s issuance 
of the Credit and any payment thereunder and shall continue until all 
Reimbursement Obligations arising hereunder are finally determined and paid 
in full in cash. Each of the Account Parties hereby releases Issuer from 
and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, and its officers, 
agents, employees and correspondents for and against any and all claims, 
costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) 
incurred by or asserted against any such indemnified party and arising out 
of or in any way relating to (1) any underlying investments, transaction, 
and/or contracts between any one of the Account Parties, any beneficiary of 
any Credit and/or any such indemnified party and/or (2) any acceptance or 
payment made on account of any presentment on a Credit that appeared on its 
face to conform to the applicable terms and conditions of the Credit, any 
refusal to pay or honor the Credit when a conforming presentment has not 
been made or for any other legally or commercially sufficient reason, or 
any other action or omission by any such indemnified party, other than in 
respect of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such 
indemnified party, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a 
court of competent jurisdiction.


8.SECURITY: As security for the payment and/or performance and satisfaction 
of all Reimbursement Obligations and other liabilities of the Account 
Parties to the Issuer with respect to any Credit and under this Agreement, 
in all cases whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether joint, 
several independent or otherwise, and whether absolute or contingent or due 
or to become due (herein collectively, called the “Bank Liabilities”), each 
of the Account Parties does hereby assign, pledge and grant to Issuer, a 
security interest in, and the right of possession and disposal of: (A) all 
Drafts, Documents and all Property shipped, stored or otherwise held or 
disposed of in connection with the Credit and/or subject to any Document, 
whether or not released to any of the Account Parties on bills of lading, 
warehouse or trust receipts or otherwise, (B) all right and causes of 
action against all parties arising from or in connection with any contract 
or agreement referred to in any Credit, and all guarantees, agreements or 
other undertakings (including those in effect between or among any of the 
Account Parties), credits, policies of insurance or other assurances in 
connection therewith, (C) the Deposit Account and/or any other cash 
instruments, deposit balances, certificates of deposit and other cash 
equivalents, repurchase agreements, and other investments maintained by any 
of the Account Parties with Issuer or any other KeyCorp affiliate, whether 
matured or unmatured, or collected or in the process of collection and (D) 
all proceeds of the foregoing. The Account Parties agree to execute, 
deliver, and file all further instruments as may be reasonably required by 
the Issuer to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and/or perfect or 
enforce the rights of Issuer hereunder.
9.DEFAULT: In the event that any of the Account Parties: (A) fails to 
perform any obligation required to be performed by it under this Agreement 
or any other agreement or document relating to or evidencing a Credit or 
any Property in which a security interest has been granted to Issuer, (B) 
fails to make any payment or perform any other obligations under this 
Agreement, (C) makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors, (D) files 
or authorizes or consents to the filing of any voluntary or involuntary 
petition in bankruptcy by or against any one of the Account Parties as 
debtor, (E) applies for the appointment of a receiver of any of its assets, 
(F) becomes insolvent, or ceases, becomes unable or admits in writing its
Page 5 of 6
 


inability to pay its debts as they become due, or (G) fails to pay when 
due, upon acceleration or otherwise, any other obligation to Issuer, Issuer 
may at such time or any time thereafter declare, without demand or notice 
which are hereby expressly waived, all Reimbursement Obligations hereunder, 
including such as are then contingent, to be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon the same shall be immediately due and payable in full in cash, 
and Issuer is authorized, at its option, to apply (or hold as collateral) 
the proceeds of any Property, the Deposit Account, any other sums due from 
Issuer to any one of the Account Parties and any other collateral, to the 
payment of any and all Reimbursement Obligations. In any such event Issuer 
shall have all of the remedies of a secured party under the Uniform 
Commercial Code in effect in the State in which the principal office of the 
Issuer is located and Issuer is hereby authorized and empowered at its 
option, at any time or times thereafter, to sell and assign the whole of 
the Property, or any part thereof then constituting security pursuant to 
any of the terms hereof, at any public or private sale, at such time and 
place and upon such terms as Issuer may deem proper and with the right in 
Issuer to be the purchaser at such sale and, after deducting all legal and 
other costs and expenses of any sale, to apply the net proceeds of such 
sale(s) to the payment of all of the Bank Liabilities. The residue, if any, 
of the proceeds of sale and any other Property constituting security 
remaining after satisfaction of the Bank Liabilities shall be returned to 
the respective Account Parties unless otherwise disposed of in accordance 
with written instructions from the affected Account Parties. It is agreed 
that, with or without notification to any of the Account Parties, Issuer 
may exchange, release, surrender, realize

G-7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
upon, release on trust receipt to any of them, or otherwise deal with any 
Property by whomsoever pledged, mortgaged or subjected to a security 
interest to secure directly or indirectly any of the Bank Liabilities 
and/or any offset against the same. In addition, Issuer and its affiliates 
shall have all rights and remedies provided for under the Uniform 
Commercial Code and other wise at law and in equity and all rights, 
remedies and/or collateral provided for under any other reimbursement 
agreement, credit agreement, security agreement, pledge agreement or other 
agreement or instrument in effect at any time between Account Party(ies) 
and Issuer or any affiliate that obligate and/or secure reimbursement in 
respect of letters of credit by Account Party(ies) or any of them. All 
rights and remedies of Issuer shall be cumulative and not exclusive.


10.NO WAIVER: ISSUER SHALL HAVE NO DUTY TO EXERCISE ANY RIGHT HEREUNDER OR 
WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROPERTY, AND ISSUER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
FAILURE TO DO SO OR DELAY IN DOING SO. NONE OF ISSUER’S OPTIONS, POWERS OR 
RIGHTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE CREDIT OR THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE WAIVED 
UNLESS ISSUER OR ISSUER’S AUTHORIZED AGENT SHALL HAVE SIGNED SUCH WAIVER IN 
WRITING. NO SUCH WAIVER, UNLESS EXPRESSLY AS STATED THEREIN, SHALL BE 
EFFECTIVE AS TO ANY TRANSACTION WHICH OCCURS SUBSEQUENT TO THE DATE OF SUCH 
WAIVER NOR AS TO ANY CONTINUANCE OF A BREACH AFTER SUCH WAIVER. NO COURSE 
OF DEALING BETWEEN ANY OF THE ACCOUNT PARTIES AND ISSUER SHALL BE EFFECTIVE 
TO CHANGE, MODIFY OR DISCHARGE IN WHOLE OR IN PART THIS AGREEMENT OR THE 
OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER.

11.GOVERNING LAW; SEVERABILITY: THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE PRINCIPAL 
OFFICE OF THE ISSUER IS LOCATED. THE CREDIT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE PRINCIPAL 
OFFICE OF THE ISSUER IS LOCATED AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE UNIFORM CUSTOMS 
OR THE ISP (WHICHEVER MAY BE DETERMINED TO BE APPROPRIATE UNDER THE 
CIRCUMSTANCES BY ISSUER AND INDICATED IN THE CREDIT) THEN IN EFFECT, WHICH 
UNIFORM CUSTOMS OR ISP, AS THE CASE MAY BE, WILL CONTROL IN THE EVENT OF 
ANY CONFLICT WITH STATE LAWS. IF ANY PROVISION HEREOF IS FOR ANY REASON 
HELD TO BE UNENFORCEABLE UNDER ANY LAW, SUCH ILLEGALITY OR INVALIDITY SHALL 
NOT AFFECT ANY OTHER PROVISIONS HEREOF, EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONSTRUED 
AND ENFORCED AS IF SUCH UNENFORCEABLE PROVISION WERE NOT CONTAINED HEREIN.

12.NOTICE AND WAIVERS: EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPHS 4 AND 5 
HEREIN, ANY NOTICE TO ISSUER SHALL BE DEEMED EFFECTIVE ONLY IF IN WRITING 
SENT TO AND RECEIVED BY ISSUER. ANY SUCH NOTICE TO OR DEMAND ON ANY OF THE 
ACCOUNT PARTIES SHALL BE BINDING ON ALL OF THEM AND SHALL BE DEEMED
Page 6 of 6
 


EFFECTIVE ONLY IF IN WRITING (A) WHEN DELIVERED PERSONALLY OR BY VERIFIABLE 
FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION WITH CONFIRMATION OF RECEIPT; (B) ON THE NEXT 
BUSINESS DAY AFTER DELIVERY TO A NATIONALLY-RECOGNIZED OVERNIGHT COURIER, 
WITH RECEIPT ACKNOWLEDGMENT REQUESTED; (C) ON THE BUSINESS DAY ACTUALLY 
RECEIVED IF DEPOSITED IN THE U.S. MAIL, OR (D) IF BY TELEPHONE, WHEN 
CONFIRMED BY VERIFIABLE FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION TO THE LAST ADDRESS OR 
TELEPHONE NUMBER OF SUCH PERSON APPEARING ON ISSUER’S RECORDS.

13. ACCOUNT PARTY: IF THIS AGREEMENT IS SIGNED BY ONE ACCOUNT PARTY ONLY, 
THE TERMS “ACCOUNT PARTIES” AND “THEIR” AND “THEM” SHALL REFER THROUGHOUT 
TO THE ONE ACCOUNT PARTY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT; IF THIS AGREEMENT IS 
SIGNED BY MORE THAN ONE PARTY, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE THE JOINT AND 
SEVERAL OBLIGATION OF ALL SUCH ACCOUNT PARTIES. IF THE UNDERSIGNED IS A 
PARTNERSHIP, THE OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER SHALL CONTINUE IN FORCE AND APPLY 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY CHANGE IN MEMBERSHIP OF SUCH PARTNERSHIP. THIS 
AGREEMENT SHALL BE BINDING UPON EACH OF THE ACCOUNT PARTIES AND THEIR 
RESPECTIVE HEIRS, PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS AND 
SHALL INURE TO ISSUER’S BENEFIT AND ISSUER’S SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. ISSUER 
MAY, WITHOUT NOTICE TO THE ACCOUNT PARTIES, ASSIGN THIS AGREEMENT IN WHOLE 
OR IN PART.


 

G-8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


Account Party Name typed:

Signature:
Signer’s Name typed: Title or Capacity:
Date:


Account Party Name typed:

Signature:
Signer’s Name typed: Title or Capacity:
Date:

























 
 

G-9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
EXHIBIT H


FORM OF BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE


KeyBank National Association, as Agent
4211 W. Boy Scout Boulevard, Suite 570
Tampa, Florida  33607
Attn:  Jay Jordan

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017 (as the same may hereafter be 
amended, the “Credit Agreement”), by and among MedEquities Realty Operating 
Partnership, LP (the “Borrower”), KeyBank National Association for itself 
and as Agent, and the other Lenders from time to time party thereto.  Terms 
defined in the Credit Agreement and not otherwise defined herein are used 
herein as defined in the Credit Agreement.

Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Borrower is furnishing to you 
herewith the Borrowing Base Certificate.  This certificate is submitted in 
compliance with requirements of the Credit Agreement.

The undersigned is providing the attached information to demonstrate 
compliance as of the date hereof with the covenants of the Credit Agreement 
relating hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Borrowing Base 
Certificate this _____ day of ___________, 201__.


MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)
 

 

H-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT I


FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE


KeyBank National Association, as Agent
4211 W. Boy Scout Boulevard, Suite 570
Tampa, Florida  33607
Attn:  Jay Jordan

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017 (as the same may hereafter be 
amended, the “Credit Agreement”) by and among MedEquities Realty Operating 
Partnership, LP  (the “Borrower”), KeyBank National Association for itself 
and as Agent, and the other Lenders from time to time party thereto.  Terms 
defined in the Credit Agreement and not otherwise defined herein are used 
herein as defined in the Credit Agreement.

Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Borrower (or REIT, on the Borrower’s 
behalf) is furnishing to you herewith (or has most recently furnished to 
you) the consolidated financial statements of REIT for the fiscal period 
ended _______________ (the “Balance Sheet Date”).  Such financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly 
the consolidated financial position of REIT at the date thereof and the 
results of its operations for the periods covered thereby.

This certificate is submitted in compliance with requirements of §2.11(d), 
5.3(d), 5.4(b), 7.4(c) or 10.11 of the Credit Agreement, as applicable.  If 
this certificate is provided under a provision other than §7.4(c), the 
calculations provided below are made using the consolidated financial 
statements of REIT as of the Balance Sheet Date adjusted in the best good 
faith estimate of REIT to give effect to the making of a Loan, issuance of 
a Letter of Credit, acquisition or disposition of property or other event 
that occasions the preparation of this certificate; and the nature of such 
event and the estimate of REIT of its effects are set forth in reasonable 
detail in an attachment hereto.  The undersigned officer is the chief 
financial officer of the Borrower (or REIT, if this certificate is 
delivered by REIT on the Borrower’s behalf).

The undersigned representative has caused the provisions of the Loan 
Documents to be reviewed and has no knowledge of any Default or Event of 
Default.  (Note:  If the signer does have knowledge of any Default or Event 
of Default, the form of certificate should be revised to specify the 
Default or Event of Default, the nature thereof and the actions taken, 
being taken or proposed to be taken by the Borrower with respect thereto.)

The undersigned is providing the attached information to demonstrate 
compliance as of the date hereof with the covenants described in the 
attachment hereto.


I-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed this Compliance 
Certificate this _____ day of ___________, 201__.

 

MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
 
By:
MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)
 
 


I-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
APPENDIX TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

 

I-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT J


FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE AGREEMENT


THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) dated 
____________________, by and between ____________________________ 
(“Assignor”), and ____________________________ (“Assignee”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Assignor is a party to that certain Second Amended and Restated 
Credit Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017, as, by and among 
MedEquities Realty Operating Partnership, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership (the “Borrower”), the other lenders that are or may become a 
party thereto, and KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, individually and as Agent 
(as amended from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”); and

WHEREAS, Assignor desires to transfer to Assignee [Describe assigned 
Commitment] under the Credit Agreement and its rights with respect to the 
Commitment assigned and its Outstanding Loans with respect thereto;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the sum of Ten and No/100 
Dollars ($10.00) and other good and valuable considerations, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Assignor and Assignee 
hereby agree as follows:

1.Definitions.  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein 
without definition shall have the respective meanings assigned to such 
terms in the Credit Agreement.

2.Assignment.

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in 
consideration of the payment to be made by Assignee to Assignor pursuant to 
Paragraph 5 of this Agreement, effective as of the “Assignment Date” (as 
defined in Paragraph 7 below), Assignor hereby irrevocably sells, transfers 
and assigns to Assignee, without recourse, [all/a] portion of its 
[Revolving Credit] [Term Loan A] [Term Loan B] Note in the amount of 
$_________ representing a $_________ [Revolving Credit] [Term Loan A] [Term 
Loan B] Commitment, and a __________ percent (______%) [Revolving Credit][
Term Loan A][Term Loan B] Commitment Percentage, and a corresponding 
interest in and to all of the other rights and obligations under the Credit 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents relating thereto (the assigned 
interests being hereinafter referred to as the “Assigned Interests”), 
including Assignor’s share of all Outstanding [Revolving Credit Loans] 
[Term Loans A] [Term Loans B] with respect to the Assigned Interests and 
the right to receive interest and principal on and all other fees and 
amounts with respect to the Assigned Interests, all from and after the 
Assignment Date, all as if Assignee were an original Lender under and 
signatory to the Credit Agreement having a [Revolving Credit] [Term Loan A] 
[Term Loan B] Commitment Percentage equal to the amount of the respective 
Assigned Interests.

J-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)Assignee, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, hereby assumes all 
obligations of Assignor with respect to the Assigned Interests from and 
after the Assignment Date as if Assignee were an original Lender under and 
signatory to the Credit Agreement, which obligations shall include, but 
shall not be limited to, the obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans, 
Term Loans A or Term Loans B, as applicable to the Borrower with respect to 
the Assigned Interests and to indemnify the Agent as provided therein (such 
obligations, together with all other obligations set forth in the Credit 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents are hereinafter collectively 
referred to as the “Assigned Obligations”).  Assignor shall have no further 
duties or obligations with respect to, and shall have no further interest 
in, the Assigned Obligations or the Assigned Interests.

3.Representations and Requests of Assignor.

(a)Assignor represents and warrants to Assignee (i) that it is legally 
authorized to, and has full power and authority to, enter into this 
Agreement and perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) that as of 
the date hereof, before giving effect to the assignment contemplated hereby 
the principal face amount of Assignor’s [Revolving Credit] [Term Loan A] 
[Term Loan B] Note is $______ and the aggregate outstanding principal 
balance of the [Revolving Credit Loans] [Term Loans A] [Term Loans B] made 
by it equals $________, and (iii) that it has forwarded to the Agent the 
[Revolving Credit] [Term Loan A] [Term Loan B] Note held by Assignor.  
Assignor makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, and 
assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or 
representations made in or in connection with the Loan Documents or the 
execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness or sufficiency 
of any Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant 
thereto or in connection with the Loan, the collectability of the Loans, 
the continued solvency of the Borrower or the Guarantors or the continued 
existence, sufficiency or value of any Collateral or any assets of the 
Borrower or the Guarantors which may be realized upon for the repayment of 
the Loans, or the performance or observance by the Borrower or the 
Guarantors of any of their obligations under the Loan Documents to which it 
is a party or any other instrument or document delivered or executed 
pursuant thereto or in connection with the Loan; other than that it is the 
legal and beneficial owner of, or has the right to assign, the interests 
being assigned by it hereunder and that such interests are free and clear 
of any adverse claim.

(b)Assignor requests that the Agent obtain replacement notes for each of 
Assignor and Assignee as provided in the Credit Agreement.

4.Representations of Assignee.  Assignee makes and confirms to the Agent, 
Assignor and the other Lenders all of the representations, warranties and 
covenants of a Lender under Articles 14 and 18 of the Credit Agreement.  
Without limiting the foregoing, Assignee (a) represents and warrants that 
it is legally authorized to, and has full power and authority to, enter 
into this Agreement and perform its obligations under this Agreement; (b) 
confirms that it has received copies of such documents and information as 
it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to 
enter into this Agreement; (c) agrees that it has and will, independently 
and without reliance upon Assignor, any other Lender, Arrangers or the 
Agent and based upon such documents and information as it shall deem 
appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in 
evaluating the Loans, the Loan Documents, the creditworthiness

J-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
of the Borrower and the Guarantors and the value of the assets of the 
Borrower and the Guarantors, and taking or not taking action under the Loan 
Documents; (d) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as 
agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are reasonably 
incidental thereto pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents; (e) agrees 
that, by this Assignment, Assignee has become a party to and will perform 
in accordance with their terms all the obligations which by the terms of 
the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender; (f) 
represents and warrants that Assignee does not control, is not controlled 
by, is not under common control with and is otherwise free from influence 
or control by, the Borrower or any Guarantor and is not a Defaulting Lender 
or Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender, (g) represents and warrants that if 
Assignee is not incorporated under the laws of the United States of America 
or any State, it has on or prior to the date hereof delivered to the 
Borrower and the Agent certification as to its exemption (or lack thereof) 
from deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes and 
(h) if Assignee is an assignee of any portion of the Revolving Credit 
Notes, Assignee has a net worth or unfunded commitments as of the date 
hereof of not less than $100,000,000.00 unless waived in writing by the 
Borrower and the Agent as required by the Credit Agreement.  Assignee 
agrees that the Borrower may rely on the representation contained in 
Section 4(h).

5.Payments to Assignor.  In consideration of the assignment made pursuant 
to Paragraph 1 of this Agreement, Assignee agrees to pay to Assignor on the 
Assignment Date, an amount equal to $____________ representing the 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of the [Revolving Credit Loans] 
[Term Loans A] [Term Loans B] owing to Assignor under the Loan Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents with respect to the Assigned Interests.

6.Payments by Assignor.  Assignor agrees to pay the Agent on the Assignment 
Date the registration fee required by §18.2 of the Credit Agreement.

7.Effectiveness.

(a)The effective date for this Agreement shall be _______________ (the 
“Assignment Date”).  Following the execution of this Agreement, each party 
hereto shall deliver its duly executed counterpart hereof to the Agent for 
acceptance and recording in the Register by the Agent.

(b)Upon such acceptance and recording and from and after the Assignment 
Date, (i) Assignee shall be a party to the Credit Agreement and, to the 
extent of the Assigned Interests, have the rights and obligations of a 
Lender thereunder, and (ii) Assignor shall, with respect to the Assigned 
Interests, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under 
the Credit Agreement.

(c)Upon such acceptance and recording and from and after the Assignment 
Date, the Agent shall make all payments in respect of the rights and 
interests assigned hereby accruing after the Assignment Date (including 
payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to Assignee.

J-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d)All outstanding LIBOR Rate Loans shall continue in effect for the 
remainder of their applicable Interest Periods and Assignee shall accept 
the currently effective interest rates on its Assigned Interest of each 
LIBOR Rate Loan.

8.Notices.  Assignee specifies as its address for notices and its Lending 
Office for all assigned Loans, the offices set forth below:

 

Notice Address:





Attn:
Facsimile:

 

Domestic Lending Office:

Same as above

 

Eurodollar Lending Office:

Same as above

9.Payment Instructions.  All payments to Assignee under the Credit 
Agreement shall be made as provided in the Credit Agreement in accordance 
with the separate instructions delivered to the Agent.

10.GOVERNING LAW.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACTUAL 
OBLIGATION UNDER, AND SHALL, PURSUANT TO NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW 
SECTION 5-1401, BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

11.Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts which shall together constitute but one and the same 
agreement.

12.Amendments.  This Agreement may not be amended, modified or terminated 
except by an agreement in writing signed by Assignor and Assignee, and 
consented to by the Agent.

13.Successors.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the parties 
hereto and their respective successors and assigns as permitted by the 
terms of Credit Agreement.

[signatures on following page]


J-4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, intending to be legally bound, each of the undersigned 
has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its officers 
thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.

ASSIGNEE:
By:
Title:
 
 
ASSIGNOR:
By:
Title:

RECEIPT ACKNOWLEDGED AND
ASSIGNMENT CONSENTED TO BY:
 
KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Agent
 
By:
Title:
 
CONSENTED TO BY:
 
MEDEQUITIES REALTY
OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP,
a Delaware limited partnership
 
By:MedEquities OP GP, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company,
its general partner
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
(SEAL)
 

J-5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT K


form of COLLATERAL assignment of documents


THIS COLLATERAL ASSIGNMENT OF DOCUMENTS (hereinafter referred to as this 
“Assignment”), made as of the _____ day of _____________________, 201_, by 
__________________________, a _________________ limited liability company 
(“Assignor”), to KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking 
association (“KeyBank”), as Agent for itself and the other Lenders from 
time to time party to the “Credit Agreement” (as hereinafter defined) 
(KeyBank, in its capacity as Agent, is hereinafter referred to as “Agent”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, MedEquities Realty Operating Partnership, LP (“Borrower”), 
KeyBank, individually and as Agent, and the other Persons now or hereafter 
a party thereto have entered into that certain Second Amended and Restated 
Credit Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017, as the same may be varied, 
extended, supplemented, consolidated, amended, replaced, increased, renewed 
or modified or restated (the “Credit Agreement”); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Lenders may make loans to 
Borrower as provided in the Credit Agreement (collectively, the “Loans”), 
which Loans are evidenced by the Credit Agreement, the Notes, this 
Assignment and any of the other Loan Documents evidencing the obligations 
of Borrower;

WHEREAS, as a condition to the execution of the Credit Agreement, the 
Lenders and Agent have required that Assignor execute this Assignment;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the sum of Ten and No/100 
Dollars ($10.00), the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, Assignor and Agent do hereby covenant and agree as 
follows:

ARTICLE One
LOAN DEFINITIONS
Terms

.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall 
have the meaning set forth in the Credit Agreement.  In addition to such 
other terms as are elsewhere defined herein, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings, as used in this Assignment and in any exhibits 
attached hereto, unless the context requires otherwise:

“Collateral” shall mean collectively,

(a)The notes, loan agreements, deeds of trust, mortgages, deeds to secure 
debt, assignments of leases and rents, guaranties, assignments, security 
agreements, financing statements, pledges, participation agreements, 
participation certificates, securities, contracts, agreements and other 
documents, instruments and options (x) described on Exhibit ”A” attached 
hereto and made a part hereof or (y) evidencing any investment, loan or 
other asset acquired by

K-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Assignor, pursuant to the exercise by Assignor of any purchase option or 
otherwise, pursuant to the terms of the contracts, agreements and other 
documents and instruments described on said Exhibit ”A”, together with any 
and all amendments, modifications, consolidations, replacements, renewals, 
restatements or supplements thereto (including without limitation any 
assets, instruments, stock, warrants or other securities distributed to 
Assignor or issued to Assignor in replacement or payment thereof); and

(b)All security for the indebtedness and obligations of the respective 
payors evidenced by the documents and instruments described in Section 
1.01(a) above, including without limitation the Property, and all liens, 
security interests and title of Assignor, if any, with respect thereto; and

(c)All documents evidencing the documents and instruments described in 
Section 1.01(a) above or any security therefor or guaranties thereof, all 
title insurance (whether evidenced by policies, commitments or otherwise) 
issued with respect to the Property and to any other security for the 
documents and instruments described in Section 1.01(a) above, all accounts, 
funds, participation interests, leases, books, files, records, programs, 
ledger books, computer tapes arising from or created in connection with 
such documents and instruments, lockboxes, and all other instruments, 
documents and agreements now or hereafter executed by or in favor of or for 
the benefit of Assignor in connection with any of the foregoing, and all 
other documents now or hereafter delivered or to be delivered to or on 
behalf of Assignor under the documents and instruments described in Section 
1.01(a) above (all of said documents (including specifically, but without 
limitation, the Collateral Notes and the Collateral Mortgages), policies, 
instruments and agreements, and any and all additions, renewals, 
extensions, amendments, modifications, consolidations, restatements or 
supplements thereto of any of the foregoing, being hereinafter referred to 
collectively as the “Collateral Documents”); and

(d)All other rights and remedies of Assignor in connection with the 
Collateral Documents, whether provided by contract or otherwise available 
under applicable law or in equity, including without limitation all rights 
and remedies provided under any loan agreements, security agreements, 
indemnities, letters of credit, title insurance policies, fire and casualty 
insurance policies, escrow accounts, certificates of deposit, proceeds, 
claims (including proofs of claim), demands, causes of action and judgments 
in favor of Assignor relating to the Collateral Documents or the 
indebtedness or other amounts payable thereunder or other instruments or 
documents made, issued or delivered to or in favor of Assignor in 
connection with the Collateral Documents or the indebtedness or other 
obligations evidenced thereby;

(e)All payments of any kind or nature whatsoever, now or hereafter due and 
to become due under the Collateral Documents, all collections thereon and 
all other amounts paid thereunder, including without limitation all income, 
all prepayments under the Collateral Documents, and all other cash and 
non-cash proceeds of the Collateral Documents or of any other collateral 
for the obligations of Maker under the Collateral Documents and on account 
of any claim, rights or choses in action against Maker or otherwise 
pursuant to the Collateral Documents; and

(f)All claims, rights and privileges obtained by Assignor in connection 
with the indebtedness and other obligations of the applicable Maker 
evidenced by the Collateral Documents, and all property described in the 
Collateral Documents, together with the Property,

K-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
and all the powers, options, privileges, immunities, claims, actions and 
causes of action, contained in or arising from any of the foregoing; and

(g)All present and future accounts, deposit accounts, securities accounts 
(including all securities entitlements to financial assets now or hereafter 
carried in or credited to any securities account) contract rights, chattel 
paper (whether tangible or electronic), documents, general intangibles 
(including, without limitation, payment intangibles and software), 
instruments (including, without limitation, promissory notes), investment 
property, letter of credit rights, letters of credit, money or supporting 
obligations, arising out of or with respect to any of the foregoing, or 
established pursuant to or in accordance with the Collateral Documents; and

(h)Any and all renewals and extensions of any of the foregoing and any and 
all replacements or substitutions for any of the foregoing; and

(i)All proceeds and products of the foregoing of every type.

“Collateral Mortgages” shall mean collectively any deeds of trust, 
mortgages, deeds to secure debt, assignments, pledges, security agreements 
or other security instruments which secure any of the Collateral Notes, as 
the same may now or hereafter be modified, amended, extended, renewed, 
consolidated, restated or supplemented.

“Collateral Notes” shall mean collectively the promissory notes, securities 
and other instruments or documents, if any, described on Exhibit ”A” 
attached hereto and made a part hereof as the same may now or hereafter be 
modified, amended, extended, renewed, consolidated, restated or 
supplemented.

“Default” shall mean any event which, with the giving of notice or the 
lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default.

“Event of Default” shall mean (a) any default in the payment or performance 
of the obligations of Assignor hereunder which is not cured in any 
applicable time period provided under Section 12.1 of the Credit Agreement 
(it being acknowledged by Assignor that no such cure period is provided 
with respect to any default under Sections 3.04 and 3.10 or any default 
excluded from any provision for a grace period or cure of defaults 
contained in the Credit Agreement or any other agreement evidencing or 
securing the Obligations), or (b) any Event of Default under the Loan 
Documents, or (c) any amendment to or termination of a financing statement 
naming Assignor as debtor and Agent as secured party, or any correction 
statement with respect thereto, is filed in any jurisdiction, or such 
filing is caused by, or at the instance of, Assignor or is filed by, or 
such filing is caused by, or at instance of, any principal, member, general 
partner, shareholder or officer of Assignor without the prior written 
consent of Agent and the effect of such filing is not completely nullified 
to the reasonable satisfaction of Agent within ten (10) days after notice 
to Assignor thereof.

“Maker” shall mean individually and collectively each respective obligor, 
guarantor or payor under or with respect to the Collateral Notes and the 
other Collateral Documents.

“Material Modification” shall mean any of the following:  (i) any 
forgiveness, reduction, waiver or forbearance from collection of any 
principal under any of the Collateral Documents, or

K-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
any interest thereon or fee payable with respect thereto (or any amounts 
attributable thereto); (ii) any reduction in, waiver of or forbearance from 
collection of the rate of interest payable under any Collateral Document; 
(iii) any extension of a maturity date or postponement or extension of any 
date fixed for any payment of principal or interest, other than any 
extension expressly contemplated under the Collateral Documents; (iv) any 
release of any obligor with respect to a Collateral Document or of any real 
property or other collateral encumbered by a Collateral Document, other 
than any releases expressly contemplated under the Collateral Documents; 
(v) the modification of or forbearance from exercising rights under any 
release provisions contained in any of the Collateral Documents; (vi) the 
consent to the transfer or encumbrance of any Property, or to a transfer or 
encumbrance of any direct or indirect ownership interest in any obligor 
under the Collateral Documents or waiver of or forbearance from exercising 
rights under any provision restricting transfer or encumbrance of any 
Property, any direct or indirect interest in any obligor thereunder; (vii) 
any modification of, waiver of, or forbearance from exercising rights with 
respect to defaults, events of defaults, grace periods, cure periods, or 
any financial covenants contained in any of the Collateral Documents other 
than a Permitted Waiver or Forbearance; (viii) any waiver of or forbearance 
from exercising rights with respect to a monetary default involving an 
amount due under any of the Collateral Documents or event of default or 
failure to comply with a financial covenant; (ix) any material 
modifications to the Property; (x) any consent or approval of any 
modification, waiver, termination, cancellation, acceptance of surrender or 
assignment of a lease, management agreement or operator’s agreement, or 
(xi) any other modification, amendment, waiver, forbearance, approval or 
consent that may materially increase the obligations of the holder of such 
Collateral Documents, materially reduce the rights or benefits afforded to 
such holder thereby, or affect or have an adverse impact on the Collateral 
or the rights and benefits afforded to the Agent and the Lenders pursuant 
to the Loan Documents, or have an adverse impact on the business, 
properties or operations of Assignor.  

“Obligations” shall mean:

(a)The Obligations, as defined in the Credit Agreement;

(b)The full and prompt payment and performance by Borrower of all of the 
provisions, agreements, covenants and obligations contained in the Credit 
Agreement;

(c)The full and prompt payment and performance of all of the provisions, 
agreements, covenants and obligations herein contained and contained in any 
other of the Loan Documents, and the payment of all other sums therein 
covenanted to be paid, including, without limitation, the fees set forth in 
the Agreement Regarding Fees;

(d)Any and all additional advances made by Agent to protect or preserve the 
Collateral or the security interest created hereby; and

(e)The Hedge Obligations (but excluding the Excluded Hedge Obligation).

“Prohibited Modification” shall mean any attempt by Assignor to abandon, 
alter, amend, cancel, modify, release, relinquish, supplement, terminate or 
waive, or Assignor’s entering into or giving any agreement, approval or 
consent with respect to, any of the Collateral Documents, any of the 
Collateral or any part thereof or any interest therein or any collateral 
for the obligations evidenced by the Collateral Documents without the prior 
written consent of Agent;

K-4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
provided that it shall not be a Prohibited Modification if Assignor enters 
into an amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to any of the 
Collateral Documents solely for purposes of (a) clarification of the terms 
and provisions thereof, correction of mistakes or omissions, or addressing 
matters that are of an administrative nature, (b) approving requests for 
advances under any escrows or reserves established under the Collateral 
Documents and fund such items in accordance with the terms of the 
applicable Collateral Documents and prudent lending practices, (c) entering 
into or consenting to modifications of the Collateral Documents that are 
entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with prudent 
lending practices, provided that such modifications are not Material 
Modifications, and (d) granting waivers or forbearing from exercising its 
rights under the Collateral Documents in the ordinary course of business 
consistent with prudent lending practices, provided that such waivers or 
forbearances do not constitute a waiver of recurring future compliance with 
a provision of the Collateral Documents or are not tantamount to an 
amendment of the Collateral Documents (except to the extent permitted in 
clause (c) above) and such waiver or forbearance would not affect or have 
an adverse impact on the Collateral or the rights and benefits afforded to 
the Agent and the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents or affect or have 
an adverse impact on the business, properties or operations of the Borrower 
(each such waiver or forbearance pursuant to this clause (d) a “Permitted 
Waiver or Forbearance”).

“Property” shall mean any and all real and personal property now or 
hereafter encumbered by the Collateral Documents.

ARTICLE Two
ASSIGNMENT
Assignment of, and Grant of Security Interest in, the Collateral

.  As security for the full and prompt payment and performance by Assignor 
of the duties, obligations and responsibilities under this Assignment and 
the payment and performance by Assignor and Borrower of the Obligations, 
Assignor hereby transfers, assigns, pledges, conveys to, grants a security 
interest in, and deposits with the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, 
the Collateral and all of the Assignor’s right, title, and interest in and 
to the Collateral.  It is the intention of the parties hereto that Agent 
shall have a continuing, general lien upon, pledge of, and security 
interest in the Collateral.

Terms of Assignment

.  It is acknowledged and agreed by the parties hereto that Agent shall 
have sole and exclusive possession of the Collateral and that this 
Assignment constitutes a present, absolute and current assignment of all 
the Collateral and is effective upon the execution and delivery hereof.  
Payments under or with respect to the Collateral shall be made as follows:

(a)Assignor shall have no right to receive payments made under or with 
respect to the Collateral, and all such payments shall be delivered 
directly by the applicable Maker to Agent for application by Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents.

(b)If Assignor shall receive any payments made under or with respect to the 
Collateral, Assignor shall hold all such payments in trust for Agent, will 
not commingle such payments with other funds of such Assignor, and will 
immediately pay and deliver in kind all

K-5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
such payments directly to Agent (with such endorsements and assignments as 
may be necessary to transfer title to Agent) for application by Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents.

(c)Assignor hereby agrees for the benefit of Maker that all payments 
actually received by Agent hereunder or pursuant hereto shall be deemed 
payments to Assignor by the applicable Maker.  Agent shall apply any and 
all such payments actually received by Agent in accordance with the 
provisions of the Loan Documents.

(d)In furtherance of the foregoing, Assignor does hereby notify and direct 
Maker that all payments under or with respect to the Collateral shall be 
made directly to Agent at the address of Agent set forth in the Credit 
Agreement, provided that Agent shall not request any Maker to make such 
payments directly to Agent until the occurrence of an Event of Default.

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.02 to the contrary, so long as 
no Event of Default has occurred, Assignor shall have a license (revocable 
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default) to collect all amounts payable 
to be applied as current interest under the Collateral Documents as and 
when the same become due but not prior to such time; it being understood 
and agreed that such license shall not extend to other amounts payable 
under the Collateral Notes or other Collateral Documents, including, 
without limitation, any amounts paid thereunder which are voluntary or 
involuntary payments of principal, or amounts to be applied against or 
attributable to principal, except as otherwise specifically set forth in 
the Loan Documents.

ARTICLE Three
COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Assignor hereby warrants and represents to, and covenants and agrees with, 
Agent as follows:

Delivery of Collateral

.  The original of the Collateral Notes, endorsed by Assignor, and the 
copies of each of the Collateral Mortgages and other Collateral Documents 
have been delivered to Agent.  All actions required under the Collateral 
Notes or any other Collateral Document and applicable law have been duly 
taken in order to constitute Assignor the holder of the Collateral Notes 
and the other Collateral Documents and to constitute Agent the holder of a 
first-priority perfected security interest in each Collateral Note and each 
of the other Collateral Documents.  None of the Collateral Notes, the 
Collateral Mortgages or the other Collateral Documents has been amended, 
modified, consolidated, supplemented or replaced except (i) as expressly 
described on Exhibit ”A” attached hereto, (ii) as consented to in writing 
by Agent as required by the terms of this Agreement, or (iii) to the extent 
occurring after the date hereof under the Collateral Documents with the 
consent of Agent thereto not required.

Enforceability of this Assignment

.  This Assignment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of 
Assignor enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited 
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws 
generally affecting the rights of creditors.

Right to Execute This Assignment

.  There are no restrictions on the transfer of the Collateral to Agent, 
and Assignor has full right, power and authority to enter into, deliver and

K-6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
execute this Assignment.  The execution and delivery of this Assignment, 
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, and the 
fulfillment of, and the compliance with, the terms and conditions of this 
Assignment do not and will not violate or conflict with any of the terms or 
provisions of the Collateral.

No Amendment of Collateral

.  Assignor shall not make any additional loans or advances which would be 
secured by any of the Collateral Mortgages except for protective advances 
thereunder and shall not enter into a Prohibited Modification, it being 
agreed that any attempt to do so without the prior written consent of Agent 
shall be void and ineffective.  Assignor shall promptly notify Agent in 
writing of any actions, amendments, modifications or waivers requested by 
any agent, trustee, servicer, special servicer or collateral manager, or of 
which Assignor has otherwise become aware, under the Collateral Documents, 
and provide Agent with copies of such requested amendments, modifications 
or waivers.

Pending Litigation

.  To the knowledge of Assignor, there are no actions, suits, proceedings 
or investigations pending or threatened against or affecting any Maker, or, 
as applicable, any Property, at law or in equity, or before or by any 
Governmental Authority, which would materially impair the ability of any 
Maker to make any and all payments on the applicable Collateral Documents.

No Defenses

.  The assignment of the Collateral pursuant to this Assignment creates no 
defense to the payment thereof and is effective to convey to Agent all 
rights of Assignor to collect the Collateral.

Information About Collateral

.  The names, amounts owing, due dates and other facts furnished to Agent 
with respect to any of the Collateral have been, and with respect to 
information hereafter given to Agent will be, correctly stated.  Assignor 
shall, promptly upon reasonable request by Agent, execute and deliver to 
Agent a certificate from an authorized officer setting forth in detail any 
and all amounts or payments received by or on behalf of Assignor subsequent 
to the date hereof with respect to the Collateral or any portion thereof 
during any period specified by Agent.  Assignor shall promptly forward to 
Agent copies of all financial or property information, budgets, leases, 
leasing reports, rent rolls, insurance certificates and policies, default 
notices, acceleration notices and all other material communications or 
information received by Assignor or any agent or servicer acting for 
Assignor from Maker or from any other party, or sent by Assignor or any 
agent or servicer acting for Assignor, relating to the Collateral and/or 
Maker and/or the Property.  Assignor shall also promptly deliver to Agent 
any other information regarding the Collateral reasonably requested by 
Agent from time to time.  All records of Assignor relative to the 
Collateral are and will be kept at the office of Assignor located in 
Nashville County, Tennessee.  Assignor shall give Agent not fewer than 
thirty (30) days prior written notice of any proposed change in Assignor’s 
name and any proposed change in the location of the Collateral or of such 
records.  Nothing contained in this subparagraph shall be construed so as 
to prevent Assignor from keeping copies or material abstracted from the 
books and records described herein at any of their offices as necessity or 
convenience dictates.

Good Title

.  Assignor is and shall remain the sole, lawful and beneficial owner of 
the Collateral free and clear of all liens, restrictions, claims, pledges 
and encumbrances whatsoever other than the lien in favor of Agent granted 
hereunder and has the full and complete right, power and authority to 
assign and pledge, and create a security interest in, the Collateral in

K-7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
favor of Agent in accordance with the terms and provisions of this 
Assignment.  The security interest in the Collateral created hereunder 
constitutes and will at all times continue to constitute a valid and 
enforceable first‑priority perfected security interest in the Collateral in 
favor of Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, free and clear of all liens, 
claims, encumbrances and rights of others, except for those in favor of the 
Agent hereunder or under the Loan Documents.  The lien of the related 
Mortgage is insured by an ALTA lender’s title insurance policy (“Title 
Policy”), or its equivalent as adopted in the applicable jurisdiction, 
issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company, insuring the 
originator of the Borrowing Base Loan, its successors and assigns, as to 
the first priority lien of such Collateral Mortgage in the original 
principal amount of the Borrowing Base Loan after all advances of 
principal, subject only to Permitted Exceptions (or, if a title insurance 
policy has not yet been issued in respect of the Borrowing Base Loan, a 
policy meeting the foregoing description is evidenced by a commitment for 
title insurance “marked up” (or by “pro-forma” otherwise agreed to in a 
closing instruction letter countersigned by the title company) as of the 
closing date of the Borrowing Base Loan).  Each Title Policy (or, if it has 
yet to be issued, the coverage to be provided thereby) is in full force and 
effect, all premiums thereon have been paid and no material claims have 
been made thereunder and no claims have been paid thereunder.  Neither the 
Assignor nor the related Maker has, by act or omission, done anything that 
would materially impair the coverage under such Title Policy.  Upon any 
transfer and assignment of the Borrowing Base Loan to Agent (whether by 
foreclosure or otherwise), such Title Policy (or, if it has yet to be 
issued, the coverage to be provided thereby) will inure to the benefit of 
Agent without the consent of or notice to the insurer.  Assignor has not 
made any contract or arrangement of any kind or type whatsoever (whether 
oral or written, formal or informal), the performance of which by the other 
party thereto could give rise to a lien on the Collateral.  Assignor will 
defend the Collateral and its proceeds against the claims and demands of 
all third persons.

Status of the Collateral

.  All duties, obligations and responsibilities required to be performed by 
Assignor under any of the Collateral Documents have been performed, and no 
default or condition which with the passage of time or the giving of 
notice, or both, would constitute a default exists under any of the 
Collateral Documents.  The Collateral is valid and enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, subject to insolvency, bankruptcy, moratorium 
and other laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, and is in compliance 
with all applicable laws.  The Collateral Documents create a valid, 
enforceable and perfected first-priority lien and security interest in all 
the Property, subject to the exceptions permitted by the Credit Agreement, 
and Assignor shall take such actions as are necessary (including, without 
limitation, the filing of continuation statements) to cause the Collateral 
Documents to remain a valid, enforceable and perfected first‑priority lien 
and security interest therein, subject to the exceptions permitted by the 
Credit Agreement.

No Future Encumbrance or Transfer

.  Assignor shall not encumber, pledge, anticipate, borrow against, or 
create any right of offset against the Collateral, and shall not transfer, 
assign, sell, or convey all or any portion of the Collateral except in 
accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement.

Consents

.  Any and all consents required to be obtained in connection with the 
execution, delivery and performance of this Assignment have been obtained 
and delivered to Agent.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
the execution, delivery and performance of all obligations under this 
Assignment do not and will not require any authorization, consent,

K-8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
approval, order, license or permit from, or filing, registration, or 
qualification with, or exemption from any of the foregoing from, any 
governmental agency or other person.

Perfection of Security Interest

.

(a)(i) Assignor’s correct legal name (including, without limitation, 
punctuation and spacing) indicated in the public record of Assignor’s 
jurisdiction, mailing address, identity or corporate structure, residence 
or chief executive office, jurisdiction of organization, organizational 
identification number, and federal tax identification number, are as set 
forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto and by this reference made a part 
hereof, (ii)  Assignor has been using or operating under said name, 
identity or corporate structure without change for the time period set 
forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto, and (iii) in order to perfect the 
pledge and security interests granted herein against Assignor, UCC 
Financing Statements must be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State (to 
the extent the same can be perfected by the filing of a financing 
statement).  Assignor covenants and agrees that it shall not change any of 
the matters addressed by clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) of this paragraph 
unless it has given Agent at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of 
any such change and executed at the request of Agent or authorized the 
execution by Agent or Agent’s counsel of such additional financing 
statements or other instruments to be filed in such jurisdictions as Agent 
may deem necessary or advisable in its sole discretion to prevent any filed 
financing statement from becoming misleading or losing its perfected 
status.

(b)Schedule 1 correctly sets forth all names and tradenames that Assignor 
has used within the last five years.

(c)Assignor shall, at any time and from time to time, take such steps as 
Agent may reasonably request for Agent (i) to obtain an acknowledgment, in 
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, of any bailee having 
possession of any of the Collateral, stating that the bailee holds 
possession of such Collateral on behalf of Agent, (ii) to obtain “control” 
of any investment property, deposit accounts, securities accounts, 
letter-of-credit rights, or electronic chattel paper (as such terms are 
defined in the UCC with corresponding provisions thereof defining what 
constitutes “control” for such items of collateral) in each case in which 
such items are included as Collateral, with any agreements establishing 
control to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, and 
(iii) otherwise to insure the continued perfection and priority of the 
Agent’s security interest in any of the Collateral and of the preservation 
of its rights therein.  If Assignor shall at any time acquire a “commercial 
tort claim” (as such term is defined in the UCC with respect to the 
Collateral or any portion thereof), Assignor shall promptly notify Agent 
thereof in writing, providing a reasonable description and summary thereof, 
and shall execute a supplement to this Assignment in form and substance 
acceptable to Agent granting a security interest in such commercial tort 
claim to Agent.

(d)Assignor hereby authorizes Agent, its counsel or its representative, at 
any time and from time to time, to file financing statements, amendments 
and continuations that describe or relate to the Collateral or any portion 
thereof in such jurisdictions as Agent may deem necessary or desirable in 
order to perfect the security interests granted by Assignor under this 
Assignment or any other Loan Document, and such financing statements may 
contain, among other items as Agent may deem advisable to include therein, 
the federal tax identification number and organizational number of 
Assignor.  Agent shall upon request provide Assignor with copies of any and 
all such filings made by Agent.

K-9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(e)Assignor acknowledges that it is not authorized to file any financing 
statement or amendment or termination statement with respect to any 
financing statement filed in connection with this Assignment without the 
prior written consent of Agent, subject to such Assignor’s rights under 
Section 9-509(d)(2) of the UCC.

Collateral Compliance and Defense

.  Assignor shall remain liable and comply with all obligations of Assignor 
under the Collateral and all other contracts, agreements and instruments 
related thereto to the extent set forth therein and to the same extent as 
if this Assignment had not been executed.  Assignor, at its sole cost and 
expense, shall defend any claims against the Collateral or any action that 
might affect the Collateral or any interest therein.  The exercise by Agent 
of any of its rights hereunder shall not release any Maker from any of its 
duties or obligations under the Collateral or contracts, agreements and 
instruments related thereto.

Protecting Collateral

.  Assignor will, but only with the prior written approval of Agent, 
diligently and in good faith do all things and take all actions, including, 
without limitation, bringing appropriate actions against any Maker which 
are necessary or desirable to enforce the obligations of such Maker to make 
all payments under the Collateral Documents to which it is a party, and 
Assignor shall give written notice to Agent of such actions as are taken by 
Assignor, and, with the prior written approval of Agent which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, to protect and preserve the 
interest of Agent under this Assignment and the value of the Collateral, 
provided that Assignor shall not without the prior written approval of 
Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or 
delayed, take any action to demand, accelerate, bring suit or institute a 
foreclosure or other enforcement action.  Assignor shall pay all taxes and 
other charges against the Collateral, shall not use the Collateral or the 
Property illegally, and shall take all reasonable precautions to prevent 
any loss, theft, damage or destruction of the Collateral or the Property or 
levy, seizure or attachment of the Collateral or the Property.  At the 
request of Agent, Assignor shall take such actions as Agent may reasonably 
require to enforce the terms of the Collateral Documents or any other 
contract, agreement or instrument included in, giving rise to, creating, 
establishing, evidencing or relating to the Collateral or to collect or 
enforce any claim for payment or other right or privilege assigned to Agent 
hereunder.

Assignor’s Conduct

.  Assignor has not done any act or omitted to do any act which might 
prevent Agent from, or limit Agent in, acting under any of the provisions 
herein.

No Offset

.  The Collateral Notes evidence bona fide indebtedness or obligations 
owing to Assignor by each Maker, and no Maker has any rights to set off, 
counterclaim or defenses with respect to the payment or performance of any 
obligations under the Collateral Documents.

[Reserved]

.

Custody of Collateral

.  Agent’s duty with reference to the Collateral shall be solely to use 
reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral, which 
shall not include any steps necessary to preserve rights against other 
parties.  Agent will have no responsibility or liability for the collection 
of any Collateral or by reason of any invalidity, lack of value or 
uncollectability of any payments thereunder.

K-10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Related Documents

.  There are no documents or agreements to which Assignor is a party or 
beneficiary which conflict with or vary the terms of the Collateral 
Documents, and Assignor has delivered to Agent copies of all Collateral 
Documents.

No Maker Default

.  Each Maker is the sole obligor and grantor under the Collateral Note and 
other Collateral Documents to which it is a party.  As of the date of 
acceptance by Agent of such Collateral Documents as collateral for the 
Obligations, no Maker is in default under any of the terms, covenants or 
conditions of the Collateral (nor has any event or circumstance occurred, 
which with lapse of time or giving of notice, or both, might constitute a 
default thereunder).  The Collateral does not constitute a Delinquent Loan 
or a Defaulted Loan.  Assignor shall promptly deliver to Agent copies of 
any written notice of any default under the Collateral Documents delivered 
to Maker, which notice shall specify in reasonable detail the nature of 
such default.

Waiver of Defaults; Defenses

.  Assignor has not waived any material default, breach, violation or event 
of acceleration existing under the related Collateral Mortgage (if 
applicable), related Collateral Note or other related Collateral Documents. 
 To Assignor’s knowledge, the related Maker has not waived any material 
default, breach, violation or event of acceleration by any tenant existing 
under any Lease or Operators’ Agreement related to the Property securing 
the Borrowing Base Loan.

No Prepayment

.  No prepayment with respect to the Collateral has been collected or 
received by Assignor prior to the date hereof except as disclosed in 
writing to Agent, or subsequent to the date hereof except where the 
proceeds of which have been paid to Agent in accordance with the prepayment 
requirements in the Credit Agreement.  Except to the extent permitted under 
the terms of the Collateral and paid to the Agent in accordance with the 
prepayment requirements in the Credit Agreement, no prepayment of the 
indebtedness evidenced by the Collateral Documents will be collected or 
received by Assignor without the prior written consent of Agent, which 
consent may be withheld by Agent in its reasonable discretion.

Collateral Indebtedness

.  As of the date set forth thereon, the unpaid principal balances of or 
outstanding amounts owing with respect to the Collateral Notes are as set 
forth on Exhibit ”B” attached hereto and accrued and unpaid interest and 
other charges thereon are as set forth on said Exhibit ”B”.

Escrows

.  Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default any amounts deposited by or 
on behalf of any Maker as escrows or deposits pursuant to the Collateral 
Documents to be held by or on behalf of Assignor (including, without 
limitation, escrows for taxes and insurance), shall, immediately, upon 
Agent’s demand be deposited with Agent and shall be used for the purposes 
permitted in the Collateral Documents.  Assignor agrees that any such 
escrow or deposit amounts shall be used only for the purposes permitted in 
the Collateral Documents.

Additions; Substitutions

.  If Assignor shall at any time be entitled to receive or shall receive 
any cash, certificate or other property, option or right, upon, in respect 
of, as an addition, to, or in substitution or exchange for any of the 
Collateral as a result of the exercise of any rights or remedies under the 
Collateral Documents, whether for value paid by Assignor or otherwise, 
Assignor agrees that the same shall be deemed to be part of the Collateral 
and shall be delivered directly to Agent in each case accompanied by proper 
instruments of encumbrance or assignment as reasonably required by Agent 
duly executed by Assignor in such a form as may be

K-11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
reasonably required by Agent to be held by Agent subject to the terms 
hereof, as further security for the Obligations (unless any such cash 
received represents a payment of the indebtedness evidenced by the 
Collateral Documents, in which case such amount shall be applied to the 
Obligations in accordance with the Credit Agreement).  If Assignor receives 
any of the foregoing directly, Assignor agrees to hold such cash or other 
property in trust for the benefit of Agent, and to promptly surrender such 
cash or other property to Agent.

Delivery of Notes

.  Assignor shall promptly deliver to Agent any note or other document or 
instrument entered into after the date hereof which evidences, constitutes, 
guaranties or secures any of the Collateral or any right to receive 
Collateral, which notes or other documents and instruments shall be 
accompanied by such endorsements or assignments as Agent may reasonably 
require to transfer title to Agent or perfect the security interest of 
Agent in such Collateral.

Merger

.  Except as consented to by Agent, Assignor, for itself and its 
successors, successors-in-interest and assigns, acknowledges and agrees 
that the interests created in the holder of the Collateral Documents shall 
not be merged with the interests of any Maker, Assignor or any other Person 
in the Property, and that such interests shall remain separate and 
distinct.  The indebtedness, liens and security interests created by the 
Collateral Documents shall be preserved in favor of the holder thereof and 
Agent, and shall not be affected or impaired by any common ownership of the 
Collateral Documents and the Property, or any commonality between the 
direct or indirect owners of the Property and of the Collateral Documents.

Securities Laws

.  The pledge of the security interest contemplated by this Assignment does 
not violate and does not require that any filing, registration or other act 
be taken with respect to any and all laws pertaining to the registration or 
transfer of securities, including without limitation the Securities Act of 
1933, the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and any and all rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder or any similar federal, state or local 
law, rule, regulation or orders hereafter enacted or analogous in effect, 
as the same are amended and in effect from time to time (hereinafter 
referred to collectively as the “Securities Laws”).  Assignor shall at all 
times comply with the Securities Laws as the same pertain to all or any 
portion of the Collateral or any of the transactions contemplated by this 
Assignment.

Usury Laws

.  All Borrowing Base Loans complied with all applicable usury laws in 
effect at its date or origination.

Disbursement

.  The proceeds of all Borrowing Base Loan have been fully-disbursed and 
there is no requirement for future advances thereunder.

Participation

.  Each Borrowing Base Loan is a whole loan and not a participation 
interest.

Servicing

.  The origination, servicing and collection practices Assignor used with 
respect to the Borrowing Base Loan have complied with applicable law in all 
material respects and are consistent and in accordance with the terms of 
the related Collateral Loan Documents and in accordance with customary 
servicing standards applicable to similarly situated loans.

Practical Realization

.  The related Collateral Mortgage or related Collateral Note, together 
with applicable state law, contains customary and enforceable provisions 
(subject to any

K-12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
non-recourse provisions contained in any of the Collateral Documents and 
any applicable state anti-deficiency legislation) such as to render the 
rights and remedies of the holders thereof adequate for the practical 
realization against the Property securing the Borrowing Base Loan of the 
principal benefits of the security intended to be provided thereby, 
including the right of foreclosure under the laws of the state in which the 
Property securing the Borrowing Base Loan is located governing foreclosures 
of mortgages, deeds of trust and deeds to secure debt under power of sale.

Maker Bankruptcy

.  No Maker nor any related tenant is a debtor in any state or federal 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

Leases

.  As of the date of acceptance by Agent of such Collateral Documents as 
collateral for the Obligations, to Assignor’s knowledge, each related lease 
for the related Property was not delinquent (giving effect to any 
applicable grace period) in the payment of any monthly lease payments and 
no other default has occurred since the date of the related loan 
origination date, and has not been thirty (30) days or more delinquent in 
respect of any monthly lease payment required thereunder

ARTICLE Four
ACTION BY AGENT
Action by Agent

.  Whether or not an Event of Default has occurred and whether or not Agent 
is the absolute owner of the Collateral with notice to Assignor:

(a)Agent may take such action as Agent may deem necessary to protect the 
Collateral or its security interest therein, Agent being hereby authorized 
to pay, purchase, contest and compromise any encumbrance, charge or lien 
which in the judgment of Agent appears to be prior or superior to its 
security interest, and in exercising any such powers and authority to pay 
necessary expenses, employ counsel and pay reasonable attorney’s fees.

(b)Agent shall be under no duty or obligation to (i) preserve, process, 
develop, maintain or protect the Collateral or any of Assignor’s rights or 
interests therein, or (ii) make or give any notices of default, 
presentments, demands for performance, notices of nonperformance or 
dishonor, protests, notices of protests or notices of any other nature 
whatsoever in connection with the Collateral on behalf of Assignor or any 
other Person having any interest therein; and Agent does not assume and 
shall not be obligated to perform the obligations of Assignor with respect 
to the Collateral.  Agent may, at any time and from time to time, without 
notice or demand and at the expense of Assignor, make requests for 
information concerning the Collateral from any obligor thereon or any 
servicer, agent or manager acting on behalf of Assignor.

(c)Agent may, at its sole option, make advances to protect the Collateral 
and its security title or interest therein, or for any reason for which 
Assignor is permitted under the terms of the Collateral Documents to make 
advances, and any such advances made by Agent shall be deemed advanced 
under the Collateral Documents, increasing the indebtedness evidenced and 
secured thereby, and also shall be deemed advances under the Loan 
Documents, increasing the Obligations.

K-13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d)Agent may at any time compromise, transfer and assign its interest in 
the Collateral or any portion thereof and this Assignment in accordance 
with the Credit Agreement or at any time after the occurrence and during 
the continuance of any Event of Default.

Attorney In Fact

.  ASSIGNOR HEREBY NOMINATES AND IRREVOCABLY DESIGNATES AND APPOINTS AGENT 
ITS TRUE AND LAWFUL AGENT AND ATTORNEY IN FACT (WITH FULL POWER OF 
SUBSTITUTION), WHICH APPOINTMENT IS COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST, EITHER IN THE 
NAME OF AGENT OR IN THE NAME OF ASSIGNOR, AS THE CASE MAY BE, AT ASSIGNOR’S 
SOLE COST AND EXPENSE, TO TAKE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ACTIONS:

(a)To do all acts and things and execute all documents which Agent may deem 
necessary or advisable to perfect and continue perfected the security 
interest created by this Assignment and to preserve, process, develop, 
maintain and protect the Collateral and the value thereof and Agent’s 
interest therein, including, without limitation, preparing, signing, filing 
and recording, for Assignor in Assignor’s name, or for Assignor on behalf 
of any Maker or other Person liable with respect to such obligations, any 
financing statement covering or constituting the Collateral, or any portion 
thereof;

(b)To do any and every act which Assignor is obligated to do under this 
Assignment;

(c)Whether before or after the occurrence of an Event of Default, to ask 
for, demand, sue for, attach, levy, settle, compromise, collect, compound, 
recover, receive and give receipt and acquittances for any and all sums 
owing or which may become due with respect to the Collateral; to endorse, 
in the name of Assignor, all checks, notes, drafts, money orders, evidences 
of payment, or other instruments received in payment of, or on account of, 
the Collateral or any portion thereof; and to take any and all actions as 
Agent may deem necessary or desirable in order to realize upon the 
Collateral, or any portion thereof, including, without limitation, making 
any statements and doing or taking any acts on behalf of Assignor which are 
otherwise required of Assignor under the terms of the Collateral or any 
portion thereof as conditions precedent to the payment of the obligations 
evidenced by, or to the exercise of, the Collateral or any portion thereof; 
and to exercise any rights and remedies available under the Collateral 
Documents and to execute any document or instrument which Agent may deem 
necessary or desirable in connection therewith, including pleadings, 
consent orders, stipulations, and other documents and instruments which 
Agent may deem necessary or desirable in connection with judicial or 
nonjudicial foreclosure of any deed of trust, mortgage, deed to secure 
debt, assignment, pledge or other security agreement included within the 
Collateral Documents or other legal actions or proceedings with respect to 
the Collateral or the Maker.  IN ADDITION, ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY 
DESIGNATES AND APPOINTS AGENT ITS TRUE AND LAWFUL ATTORNEY-IN-FACT WITH 
FULL POWER OF SUBSTITUTION EITHER IN THE NAME OF AGENT OR ASSIGNOR WHICH 
POWER IS COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST TO (I) SIGN ASSIGNOR’S NAME ON ANY 
COLLATERAL, DRAFTS AGAINST ACCOUNT DEBTORS, ASSIGNMENTS, ANY PROOF OF CLAIM 
IN ANY BANKRUPTCY OR OTHER INSOLVENCY PROCEEDING INVOLVING ANY ACCOUNT 
DEBTOR, ANY NOTICE OF LIEN, CLAIM OF LIEN OR ASSIGNMENT OR SATISFACTION OF 
LIEN, OR ON ANY FINANCING STATEMENT OR CONTINUATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE; (II) SEND VERIFICATIONS OF ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE TO 
ANY ACCOUNT DEBTOR; AND

K-14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(III) IN CONNECTION WITH A TRANSFER OF THE COLLATERAL AS DESCRIBED ABOVE 
SIGN IN ASSIGNOR’S NAME ANY DOCUMENTS NECESSARY TO TRANSFER TITLE TO THE 
COLLATERAL TO AGENT OR ANY THIRD PARTY;

(d)Compromise the Collateral or any portion thereof; and

(e)To endorse and transfer the Collateral upon foreclosure;

provided, however, that Agent shall be under no obligation whatsoever to 
take any of the foregoing actions or to exercise any of the foregoing 
authority or power, and Agent shall have no liability or responsibility for 
any act or omission taken with respect thereto.  All of said rights and 
powers may be exercised by Agent at any time, whether or not an Event of 
Default has occurred and whether or not Agent is the absolute owner of the 
Collateral.  THE FOREGOING APPOINTMENT OF THE AGENT AS ASSIGNOR’S 
ATTORNEY‑IN‑FACT IS IRREVOCABLE, COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST, WITH FULL POWER 
OF SUBSTITUTION AND CANNOT BE REVOKED BY INSOLVENCY, REORGANIZATION, 
MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR OTHERWISE. ALL ACTS OF SAID POWER OF ATTORNEY ARE 
HEREBY RATIFIED AND APPROVED AND AGENT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY MISTAKE 
OF LAW OR FACT MADE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.

Necessity for Agent Action or Consent

.  So long as this Assignment shall be held by Agent as security for the 
Obligations, (a) no approval, consent, election, waiver, vote or other 
matter which is given or required or permitted to be given or which inures 
to the benefit of Assignor under the Collateral Documents shall be deemed 
to have been given unless and until given by Agent; (b) no Prohibited 
Modification may be entered into without the consent of Agent and any such 
attempted modification, amendment or waiver without such consent shall be 
null and void; (c) except to the extent that the Collateral has been paid 
in full, or it is otherwise required by the terms of the Collateral, no 
Collateral may be released without the execution of the documentation of 
release by Agent, and any attempt to release without such execution by 
Agent shall be null and void; and (d) any exercise of discretion by 
Assignor, any requirements imposed or to be imposed, or permitted to be 
imposed, by Assignor hereunder, shall be deemed to have been exercised or 
imposed only when so exercised or imposed by Agent.  The rights of Agent 
under this section may be exercised by Agent solely at the option of Agent, 
and Agent shall have no obligation to give any consent or take any other 
action whatsoever contemplated hereby, but may instead defer in writing to 
Assignor or require the written concurrence of Assignor before giving any 
such consent or taking any such other actions.  Without implying any 
limitation upon the scope of Section 7.01 hereof, it is specifically noted 
that the provisions of Section 7.01 hereof apply, without limitation, to 
any action or failure to act on the part of Agent with respect to the 
matters contemplated by this Section 4.03.

ARTICLE Five
ENFORCEMENT OF COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS
Assignor acknowledges and agrees that Agent at all times, whether or not an 
Event of Default has occurred and whether or not Agent is the absolute 
owner of the Collateral (unless otherwise provided in this Assignment), 
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to exercise and enforce, in 
its own name or in Assignor’s name, any or all rights and remedies of 
Assignor under the Collateral Documents to the exclusion of Assignor, 
including but not limited to the

K-15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
right to inspect the Property, to receive information and documents, to 
declare due the indebtedness secured by the Collateral Documents upon the 
occurrence of a default thereunder, to grant or withhold approvals, and to 
exercise discretion with respect to any matter.  Assignor shall not 
exercise or attempt to exercise any such right or remedy except at the 
written request of Agent and only in strict accordance with the 
instructions of Agent.  Agent may, at its option, enforce or conduct any 
action for foreclosure under the Collateral Documents in its own name or in 
the name of Assignor, and Assignor specifically consents to any foreclosure 
(including nonjudicial foreclosure) under any or all of the Collateral 
Documents or any other action taken by Agent even though such action may 
release any person from personal liability on any of the Collateral 
Documents.  Assignor agrees that upon the exercise by Agent of any such 
remedies, any amount bid by Agent at any sale of any of the Property or any 
other collateral for any Collateral Note or other Collateral Document may, 
at the option of Agent, be deemed to be a credit bid by Agent of the 
indebtedness evidenced by or the obligations payable with respect to the 
applicable Collateral Note or other Collateral Document and the 
Obligations, or any of them; Agent shall be entitled to set off the amount 
of any such bid against any such indebtedness, all at the election of 
Agent, in its sole discretion; and any or all proceeds of any Collateral 
Note or other Collateral Document may be applied against the Obligations in 
accordance with the Credit Agreement and Agent shall hold any property 
obtained by Agent at any such sale free and clear of any interest or claims 
of Assignor regardless of whether Agent shall have exercised any remedy 
under this Assignment with respect to any of the Collateral Documents, or 
shall have sold any of the Collateral Documents or obtained absolute title 
thereto pursuant to its rights and remedies under the Uniform Commercial 
Code of the State of New York (the “UCC”), or otherwise.  Assignor hereby 
agrees to pay to Agent, immediately upon demand, all costs and expenses, 
including without limitation reasonable attorney’s fees, incurred by Agent 
in connection with the enforcement or foreclosure of any Collateral 
Documents, with interest from the date of expenditure at the Default Rate 
specified in the Credit Agreement, to the extent permitted by applicable 
laws.

ARTICLE Six
REMEDIES
Remedies

.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, 
without prejudice to the rights of Agent to enforce its claims against 
Assignor for damages for failure to fulfill any of its obligations under 
any of the Loan Documents, Agent shall have, in addition to all other 
rights and remedies that Agent may have under this Assignment and by law, 
all of the rights and remedies hereinafter set forth, and it may exercise 
without further notice to Assignor, except as may be specifically required 
herein or in the other Loan Documents, any one, more, or all of such 
remedies, in its sole discretion, without thereby waiving any of the 
others:

(a)Agent shall have the right immediately to exercise all of its rights and 
remedies provided under this Assignment, the Notes, and any of the other 
Loan Documents.

(b)Agent shall have the right to collect and to continue to collect all 
payments on the Collateral; to renew, extend, modify, amend, accelerate, 
accept partial payments on, make allowances and adjustments and issue 
credits with respect to, release, settle, compromise, compound, collect or 
otherwise liquidate, on terms acceptable to Agent, in whole or in part, the

K-16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Collateral and any amounts owing thereon or any guaranty or security 
therefor; to enter into any other agreement relating to or affecting the 
Collateral; to give all consents, waivers and ratifications in respect of 
the Collateral and exercise all other rights, powers and remedies and 
otherwise act with respect thereto as if it were the owner thereof; and to 
enforce payments and prosecute any action or proceeding with respect to any 
and all of the Collateral and take or bring, in Agent’s name or in the name 
of Assignor, all steps, actions, suits or proceedings deemed by Agent 
necessary or desirable to affect collection of or to realize upon the 
Collateral.

(c)Agent shall have all of the rights and remedies of a secured party under 
the UCC as in effect at that time, including, without limitation, the right 
to take possession of any of the Collateral, and to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the same.

(d)Agent shall have the right to foreclose the liens and security interests 
created under this Assignment or under any other agreement relating to the 
Collateral by any available judicial procedure or without judicial process; 
and to sell, assign, lease or otherwise dispose of the Collateral or any 
part thereof, either at public or private sale, in lots or in bulk, for 
cash, on credit or for future delivery, or otherwise, with or without 
representations or warranties, and upon such terms as shall be acceptable 
to Agent.

(e)Agent shall have the right to the appointment of a receiver for the 
Collateral, and Assignor hereby consents to such rights and such 
appointment and hereby waives any objection Assignor may have thereto or 
the right to have a bond or other security posted by Agent.

(f)Agent shall have all other rights and remedies available under 
applicable law.

Sale of Collateral

.  In the event Agent shall determine to sell the Collateral or any portion 
thereof, any such sale shall be held at such time or times and at such 
place or places as Agent may determine in the exercise of its sole 
discretion.  Agent may bid (which bid may be, in whole or in part, in the 
form of cancellation of Obligations) for and purchase for the account of 
Agent or any nominee of Agent the whole or any part of the Collateral.  In 
the event that Agent is the successful bidder at any public or private sale 
of the Collateral or any portion thereof, the amount bid by Agent may be 
credited against the Obligations as provided in Section 6.03.  Agent shall 
not be obligated to make any sale of the Collateral if it shall determine 
not to do so regardless of the fact that notice of sale of the Collateral 
may have been given.  Agent may, without notice or publication, adjourn any 
public sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed 
for sale, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time 
and place to which the same was so adjourned.  Assignor agrees that, to the 
extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten (10) days’ 
notice to Assignor of the time and place of any public sale or the time 
after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable 
notification and specifically such notice shall constitute a reasonable 
“authenticated notification of disposition” within the meaning of Section 
9-611 of the UCC. Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of 
Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given.  Agent may 
adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the 
time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, 
be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned.  Upon 
consummation of any sale of the Collateral, Agent shall have the right to 
assign, transfer and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers thereof the 
Collateral so sold.  Each such purchaser at any such sale shall hold the 
Collateral sold absolutely free from any claim or

K-17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
right on the part of Assignor, and Assignor hereby waives to the extent 
permitted by law all rights of redemption, stay and appraisal which it now 
has or may at any time in the future have under any rule of law or statute 
now existing or hereafter enacted.  Assignor agrees that:  (a) if Agent 
shall, pursuant to the terms of this Assignment, sell or cause the 
Collateral or any portion thereof to be sold at a private sale, Agent shall 
have the right to rely upon the advice and opinion of any nationally 
recognized brokerage or investment firm (but shall not be obligated to seek 
such advice and the failure to do so shall not be considered in determining 
the commercial reasonableness of such action) as to the best manner in 
which to offer the Collateral or any portion thereof for sale and as to the 
best price reasonably obtainable at the private sale thereof; and (b) such 
reliance shall be conclusive evidence that Agent has handled the 
disposition in a commercially reasonable manner.

Application of Net Proceeds

.  The net cash proceeds resulting from the collection, liquidation, sale, 
lease or other disposition of the Collateral shall be applied to the 
payment and satisfaction of the Obligations in accordance with the terms of 
the Credit Agreement.

No Limitation of Remedies

.  No remedy conferred upon or reserved to Agent herein or in the Notes or 
in any of the other Loan Documents or in the Collateral Documents is 
intended to be exclusive of any other remedy conferred upon or reserved to 
Agent under such instruments or under any applicable laws.  Each such 
remedy shall be cumulative and concurrent and shall be in addition to each 
and every other remedy now or hereafter existing under such instruments or 
at law or in equity.  No delay or omission by Agent to exercise any right, 
power or remedy provided in this Assignment, the Notes, or the other Loan 
Documents or otherwise accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair in 
any manner any such right, power or remedy, or shall be construed to be a 
waiver of any such default or acquiescence therein, and each and every 
right, power and remedy of Agent may be exercised from time as often as may 
be deemed expedient by Agent.  Assignor hereby waives to the extent 
permitted by law all rights which Assignor has or may have under and by 
virtue of the UCC and any federal, state, county or municipal statute, 
regulation, ordinance, Constitution or charter, now or hereafter existing, 
similar in effect thereto providing any right of Assignor to notice and to 
a judicial hearing prior to seizure by Agent of any of the Collateral.  
Assignor hereby waives and renounces for itself, its heirs, successors and 
assigns, presentment, demand, protest, advertisement or notice of any kind 
(except for any notice required by law or the Loan Documents) and all 
rights to the benefits of any statute of limitations and any moratorium, 
reinstatement, marshaling, forbearance, valuation, stay, extension, 
homestead, redemption and appraisement now provided or which may hereafter 
be provided by the Constitution and laws of the United States and of any 
state thereof, both as to itself and in and to all of its property, real 
and personal, against the enforcement of this Assignment and the collection 
of any of the Obligations.  Without limiting the foregoing, Agent shall not 
be required to marshal any present or future collateral security (including 
but not limited to the Collateral) for, or other assurances of payment of, 
the Obligations or any of them or to resort to such collateral security or 
other assurances of payment in any particular order, and all of its rights 
and remedies hereunder and in respect of such collateral security and other 
assurances of payment shall be cumulative and in addition to all other 
rights and remedies, however existing or arising.  To the extent that it 
lawfully may, Assignor hereby agrees that it will not invoke any law 
relating to the marshaling of collateral which might cause delay in or 
impede the enforcement of Agent’s rights and remedies under this Assignment 
or under any other instrument creating or evidencing any of the Obligations 
or under which any of the Obligations is outstanding or by which any of the 
Obligations is secured or payment thereof is

K-18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
otherwise assured, and, to the extent that it lawfully may, Assignor hereby 
irrevocably waives the benefits of all such laws.

Rights Independent; Adequacy of Collateral

.  The security interest created hereunder is independent of any other 
security for the Obligations or the obligations of any other party or any 
guarantor, and upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event 
of Default, Agent may proceed in the enforcement hereof independently of 
any other right or remedy that Agent may at any time hold with respect to 
the Obligations or any other security or guaranty therefor.  Upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may 
file a separate action or actions against Assignor hereunder, whether 
action is brought and prosecuted with respect to any other security or 
against any other party or any guarantor, or whether any other party or any 
guarantor is joined in any such action or actions.

Performance of Assignor’s Obligations

.  If Assignor fails to perform any agreement or covenant contained in this 
Assignment beyond any applicable period for notice and cure, Agent may 
itself perform, or cause to be performed, any agreement or covenant of 
Assignor contained in this Assignment which Assignor shall fail to perform, 
and the cost of such performance, together with any reasonable expenses, 
including reasonable attorneys’ fees actually incurred (including 
attorneys’ fees incurred in any appeal) by Agent in connection therewith, 
shall be payable by Assignor upon demand and shall constitute a part of the 
Obligations and shall bear interest at the Default Rate set forth in the 
Credit Agreement.

Disposition of Collateral

.  In view of the position of Assignor in relation to the Collateral owned 
by it, or because of other current or future circumstances, a question may 
arise under the Collateral Documents or applicable laws with respect to any 
disposition of the Collateral permitted hereunder.  Assignor recognizes 
that the Collateral Documents or related agreements may strictly limit 
transfers of the Collateral and the admission of substitute lenders, 
holders or owners under the Collateral Documents.  Assignor understands 
that compliance with the Collateral Documents, related agreements or 
applicable laws might very strictly limit the course of conduct of Agent if 
Agent were to attempt to dispose of all or any part of the Collateral in 
accordance with the terms hereof, and might also limit the extent to which 
or the manner in which any subsequent transferee of any Collateral could 
dispose of the same.  Similarly, there may be other legal restrictions or 
limitations affecting the Agent in any attempt to dispose of all or part of 
the Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof under applicable laws.  
Assignor recognizes that in light of the foregoing restrictions and 
limitations Agent may, with respect to any sale of the Collateral, limit 
the purchasers to those who are able to satisfy any conditions or 
requirements set forth in the Collateral Documents, related agreements or 
applicable laws and Agent may sell the Collateral in parcels and at such 
time as Agent may reasonably determine is necessary to comply with such 
conditions or requirements.  Assignor acknowledges and agrees that in light 
of the foregoing restrictions and limitations, the Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion may, in accordance with the Collateral Documents (a) 
restrict such sale to one or more eligible purchasers who have satisfied 
all applicable requirements, (b) approach and negotiate with a single 
potential purchaser to effect such sale or sales, and (c) sell the 
Collateral in parcels and at such time as Agent may reasonably determine is 
necessary to comply with such conditions or requirements.  Assignor 
acknowledges and agrees that any such sale might result in prices and other 
terms less favorable to the seller if such sale were a public sale without 
restrictions.  In the event of any such sale, Agent shall incur no 
responsibility or liability for selling all or any part of the Collateral 
in accordance with the terms hereof at a price that Agent, in its sole and 
absolute

K-19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
discretion, may in good faith deem reasonable under the circumstances, 
notwithstanding the possibility that a substantially higher price might 
have been realized if the sale was to other than an eligible purchaser who 
satisfied all applicable requirements, if more than a single purchaser were 
approached or if all of the Collateral were sold at a single sale.  
Assignor further agrees that any sale or sales by Agent of the Collateral 
made as provided in this Section 6.07 shall be commercially reasonable.  
The provisions of this paragraph will apply notwithstanding the existence 
of a public or private market upon which the quotations or sales prices may 
exceed substantially the price at which the Agent sells.

ARTICLE Seven
GENERAL CONDITIONS
Indemnification

.  IT IS SPECIFICALLY UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED THAT THIS ASSIGNMENT SHALL NOT 
OPERATE TO PLACE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER UPON AGENT OR 
ANY LENDER, AND THAT IN ACCEPTING THIS ASSIGNMENT, AGENT AND THE LENDERS 
NEITHER ASSUME NOR AGREE TO PERFORM AT ANY TIME WHATSOEVER ANY OBLIGATION 
OR DUTY OF ASSIGNOR WITH RESPECT TO THE COLLATERAL, ALL OF WHICH 
OBLIGATIONS AND DUTIES SHALL BE AND REMAIN WITH AND UPON ASSIGNOR. ASSIGNOR 
AGREES TO RELEASE, INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND TO HOLD HARMLESS, AND DOES HEREBY 
RELEASE, INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS, AGENT, THE LENDERS AND THEIR 
RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, ATTORNEYS AND AGENTS (EACH AN 
“INDEMNIFIED PERSON”) FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, 
OBLIGATIONS, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, CAUSES OF ACTION, COSTS AND 
EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES AND 
EXPENSES) IMPOSED UPON OR INCURRED BY ANY INDEMNIFIED PERSON BY REASON OF 
THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ANY CLAIM AND DEMAND WHATSOEVER WHICH MAY BE ASSERTED 
AGAINST ANY INDEMNIFIED PERSON BY REASON OF ANY ALLEGED OBLIGATION OR 
UNDERTAKING TO BE PERFORMED OR DISCHARGED BY AGENT OR ANY LENDER UNDER OR 
BY REASON OF THIS ASSIGNMENT, EXCEPT FOR ANY LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, 
CLAIMS, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, CAUSES OF ACTION, COSTS AND EXPENSES ARISING AS 
A RESULT OF THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF AGENT OR SUCH 
LENDER.  IN THE EVENT ANY INDEMNIFIED PERSON INCURS ANY SUCH LIABILITY, 
OBLIGATION, CLAIM, DAMAGE, PENALTY, COSTS OR EXPENSES UNDER OR BY REASON OF 
THIS ASSIGNMENT, OR IN THE DEFENSE OF ANY CLAIMS OR DEMANDS ARISING OUT OF 
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS ASSIGNMENT, THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LIABILITY, 
OBLIGATION, CLAIM, DAMAGE, PENALTY, COST OR EXPENSE SHALL BE ADDED TO THE 
OBLIGATIONS, SHALL BEAR INTEREST AT THE DEFAULT RATE SPECIFIED IN THE 
CREDIT AGREEMENT FROM THE DATE INCURRED UNTIL PAID AND SHALL BE DUE AND 
PAYABLE IMMEDIATELY UPON DEMAND BY AGENT OR A LENDER.

Further Assurances

.  Assignor agrees to do such further acts and things, and to execute and 
deliver such additional conveyances, assignments, agreements, documents and 
instruments as Agent may at any time request in connection with the 
administration or

K-20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
enforcement of this Assignment or related to the Collateral or any part 
thereof or in order to better assure and confirm unto Agent its rights, 
powers and remedies hereunder.  Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, at any time and from time to time, upon request by Agent, 
Assignor will make, execute and deliver, or cause to be made, executed and 
delivered, to Agent and, where appropriate, cause to be recorded and/or 
filed and from time to time thereafter to be re-recorded and/or refiled at 
such time and in such offices and places as shall be deemed desirable by 
Agent, any and all such other and further assignments, deeds to secure 
debt, mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements, financing statements, 
continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, certificates and 
other documents as may, in the opinion of Agent, be necessary or desirable 
in order to effectuate, complete, or perfect, or to continue and preserve 
(a) the obligations of Assignor under this Assignment and (b) the security 
interest created by this Assignment as a first and prior security interest 
upon the Collateral.  Without limiting Agent’s rights under Section 3.12(d) 
hereof, upon any failure by Assignor so to do, Agent may make, execute, 
record, file, re-record and/or refile any and all such assignments, deeds 
to secure debt, mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements, financing 
statements, continuation statements, instruments, certificates, and 
documents for and in the name of Assignor, and Assignor hereby irrevocably 
appoints Agent the agent and attorney in fact of Assignor so to do.  This 
power is coupled with an interest.

Expenses and Costs of Agent

.  Assignor agrees to pay to Agent all advances, charges, costs and 
expenses, including all reasonable attorney’s fees, incurred or paid by 
Agent in exercising any right, power or remedy conferred by this 
Assignment, or in the enforcement thereof, whether or not an action is 
filed hereon, together with interest from the date of the expenditure at 
the Default Rate specified in the Credit Agreement, to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, it being specifically understood and agreed by Assignor 
that all such advances, charges, costs and expenses shall constitute 
Obligations.

Release of Collateral and Termination

.  As provided in Section [5.4] of the Credit Agreement or subject to the 
terms of Section 5.8 of the Credit Agreement, upon the payment and 
satisfaction in full of the Obligations and the termination of the 
obligations of the Lenders to make additional Loans or issue Letters of 
Credit, Agent, upon receipt of written request therefor from Assignor, 
shall execute and deliver to Assignor such documents as may be necessary to 
release the liens and interests on the Collateral created by this 
Assignment, and shall return any originals of the Collateral Documents to 
Assignor without recourse or warranty.

Survival of Certain Agreements

.  Notwithstanding the repayment of the Obligations, the termination of the 
obligations of the Lenders to make additional Loans or issue Letters of 
Credit and the cancellation or transfer of the Loan Documents, or any 
foreclosure of or other realization upon the Collateral, the agreement of 
Assignor contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents to pay the 
costs and expenses of Agent in connection with the Loan and all agreements 
of Assignor contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents to 
indemnify and/or hold harmless the Indemnified Persons shall continue in 
full force and effect so long as there exists any possibility of expense or 
liability on the part of the Indemnified Persons.

Law Governing

.  THIS ASSIGNMENT SHALL, PURSUANT TO NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW 
SECTION 5‑1401, BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
NEW YORK INCLUDING THE CHOICE OF LAW RULES UNDER THE NEW YORK UCC.

K-21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Security Interest Absolute

.  All rights of Agent, and the security interests hereunder, and all of 
the obligations secured hereby, shall be absolute and unconditional, 
irrespective of:

(a)Any lack of validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents or any 
other agreement or instrument relating thereto;

(b)Any change in the time (including the extension of the maturity date of 
the Notes), manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or 
any of the Obligations or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent 
to any departure from the Loan Documents;

(c)Any exchange, release or nonperfection of any other collateral for the 
Obligations, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to 
departure from any of the Loan Documents with respect to all or any part of 
the Obligations; or

(d)Any other circumstance (other than payment of the Obligations in full) 
that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, 
Assignor or any third party for the Obligations or any part thereof.

Notices

.  Each notice, demand, election or request provided for or permitted to be 
given pursuant to this Agreement shall be given to Assignor in the manner 
prescribed in the [Guaranty] [Credit Agreement].

Consents, Amendments, Waivers, Etc.

  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Assignment, any consent or 
approval required or permitted by this Assignment may be given, and any 
term of this Assignment or of any other instrument related hereto or 
mentioned herein may be amended, and the performance or observance by 
Assignor of any terms of this Assignment or such other instrument or the 
continuance of any Default or Event of Default may be waived (either 
generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or 
prospectively) as provided in the Credit Agreement.  No waiver shall extend 
to or affect any obligation not expressly waived or impair any right 
consequent thereon.  No amendment of any provision of this Assignment shall 
in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by 
Agent and Assignor.  No course of dealing or delay or omission on the part 
of Agent in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver thereof or 
otherwise be prejudicial thereto.  No notice to or demand upon Assignor 
shall entitle Assignor to other or further notice or demand in similar or 
other circumstances.

Severability

.  The provisions of this Assignment are severable, and if any one clause 
or provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in 
part in any jurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall 
affect only such clause or provision, or part thereof, in such 
jurisdiction, and shall not in any manner affect such clause or provision 
in any other jurisdiction, or any other clause or provision of this 
Assignment in any jurisdiction.

No Unwritten Agreements

.  THE WRITTEN LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE 
PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS 
OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL 
AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.

K-22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Waiver of Jury Trial and Certain Damage Claims

.  EACH OF ASSIGNOR AND AGENT HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY ACTION OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF ANY DISPUTE IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS ASSIGNMENT, OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, ANY RIGHTS OR 
OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR THE PERFORMANCE OF SUCH RIGHTS AND 
OBLIGATIONS. ASSIGNOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR 
RECOVER IN ANY SUCH LITIGATION ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, PUNITIVE OR ANY 
DAMAGES OTHER THAN, OR IN ADDITION TO, ACTUAL DAMAGES. ASSIGNOR (A) 
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR ATTORNEY OF AGENT OR ANY LENDER HAS 
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT AGENT WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF 
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
AGENT AND THE LENDERS HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS ASSIGNMENT AND 
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS TO WHICH THEY ARE PARTIES BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, 
THE WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH. ASSIGNOR 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW THIS PARAGRAPH WITH 
LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT ASSIGNOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING AS ITS FREE, 
KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY ACT. ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS GENERALLY 
AND UNCONDITIONALLY FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY TO THE 
NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE 
STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING ANY FEDERAL COURT SITTING THEREIN), AND TO THE 
NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE COURT OR ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL 
COURT SITTING IN THE STATE IN WHICH ANY OF THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED, OVER 
ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
ASSIGNMENT OR THE OBLIGATIONS.  ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT ASSIGNOR MAY NOW OR 
HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN ANY SUCH COURT AND ANY CLAIM THAT 
ANY SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.  ASSIGNOR HEREBY AGREES AND 
CONSENTS THAT, IN ADDITION TO ANY METHODS OF SERVICE OF PROCESS PROVIDED 
FOR UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION 
OR PROCEEDING MAY BE MADE BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT 
REQUESTED, DIRECTED TO ASSIGNOR AT THE ADDRESS STATED IN THE GUARANTY, OR 
AT A SUBSEQUENT ADDRESS OF ASSIGNOR OF WHICH AGENT RECEIVED ACTUAL NOTICE 
FROM ASSIGNOR IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE GUARANTY, AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE 
COMPLETE FIVE (5) DAYS AFTER THE SAME SHALL HAVE BEEN SO MAILED.  NOTHING 
HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF AGENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER 
PERMITTED BY LAW OR LIMIT THE RIGHT OF AGENT TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST 
ASSIGNOR IN ANY OTHER COURT OR JURISDICTION.

Time of the Essence

.  Time is of the essence with respect to each and every covenant, 
agreement and obligation of Assignor under this Assignment.

 

K-23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor have executed this Assignment, as of the day 
and year first above written.

ASSIGNOR:
 
_______________________________________,
a _________________ limited liability company


By:
Name:
Title:




(SEAL)




AGENT:
 
KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Agent


By:
Name:
Title:
 
 

K-24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT ”A”

COLLATERAL


 

 


K-A-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT ”B”

outstanding balances


 

 

 


K-B-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SCHEDULE 1

DESCRIPTION OF ASSIGNOR


______________________________________________, a _____________ limited 
liability company, has been using or operating under said name and identity 
or corporate structure without change since _______________________.

Names and Tradenames used within the last five years:

Mailing address:

 

Organizational Identification Number:

 

Federal Tax Identification Number:

 

K-S-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT L-1


FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE


 
(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes)
 
Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017 (as amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) by and 
among MedEquities Realty Operating Partnership, LP (the “Borrower”), the 
financial institutions party thereto and their assignees under §18.1 
thereof (the “Lenders”), KeyBank National Association, as Agent (the 
“Agent”) and the other parties thereto.

Pursuant to the provisions of §4.3 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned 
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the 
Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of 
which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the 
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent 
shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of 
the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the 
Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished the Agent and the Borrower with a certificate 
of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E.  By executing 
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information 
provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so 
inform the Borrower and the Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at 
all times furnished the Borrower and the Agent with a properly completed 
and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which 
each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two 
calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and 
used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

 
 
 
[NAME OF LENDER]
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
Date: ________ __, 20__
 
 
 

L-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT L-2


FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE


(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income 
Tax Purposes)

Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017 (as amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) by and 
among MedEquities Realty Operating Partnership, LP (the “Borrower”), the 
financial institutions party thereto and their assignees under §18.1 
thereof (the “Lenders”), KeyBank National Association, as Agent (the 
“Agent”) and the other parties thereto.

Pursuant to the provisions of §4.3 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned 
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the 
participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it 
is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) 
it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of 
Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign 
corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of 
the Code.

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate 
of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E.  By executing 
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information 
provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so 
inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all 
times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently 
effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is 
to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years 
preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and 
used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

 
[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
Date: ________ __, 20__
 
 

L-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT L-3


FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE


(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes)
 
Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017 (as amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) by and 
among MedEquities Realty Operating Partnership, LP (the “Borrower”), the 
financial institutions party thereto and their assignees under §18.1 
thereof (the “Lenders”), KeyBank National Association, as Agent (the 
“Agent”) and the other parties thereto.

Pursuant to the provisions of §4.3 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned 
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation 
in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or 
indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such 
participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the 
undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank 
extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary 
course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) 
of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten 
percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect 
partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the 
Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY 
accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members 
that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN 
or W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or 
W-8BEN-E from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is 
claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, 
the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this 
certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender 
and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with 
a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the 
calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in 
either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and 
used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

 
[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]
 
By:
Name:
Title:
 
Date: ________ __, 20__

L-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT L-4

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes)
 
Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement dated as of February 10, 2017 (as amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) by and 
among MedEquities Realty Operating Partnership, LP (the “Borrower”), the 
financial institutions party thereto and their assignees under §18.1 
thereof (the “Lenders”), KeyBank National Association, as Agent (the 
“Agent”) and the other parties thereto.

Pursuant to the provisions of §4.3 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned 
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as 
well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is 
providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members 
are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) 
evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit 
pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the 
undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank 
extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary 
course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) 
of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten 
percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect 
partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the 
Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished the Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form 
W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its 
partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an 
IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an 
IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial 
owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing 
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information 
provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so 
inform the Borrower and the Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at 
all times furnished the Borrower and the Agent with a properly completed 
and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which 
each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two 
calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and 
used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.


[NAME OF LENDER]
 
By:
Name:
Title:
Date: ________ __, 20__
 

L-4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
exhibit m


form of Assignment OF HEDGE AGREEMENT


THIS ASSIGNMENT OF HEDGE AGREEMENT (this “Assignment”), made as of the 
______ day of __________________, 201_, by MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING 
PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “Assignor”), to 
KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association (“KeyBank”), 
as Agent for itself and each other lender (collectively, the “Lenders”) 
which is or may hereafter become a party to the Credit Agreement (as 
hereinafter defined) (KeyBank, in its capacity as Agent, is hereinafter 
referred to as “Agent”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Assignor, KeyBank, individually and as agent, and the other 
lenders which are now or hereafter a party thereto have entered into that 
certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 
10, 2017 (as the same may be varied, extended, supplemented, consolidated, 
amended, replaced, increased, renewed or modified or restated, the “Credit 
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Lenders have agreed to provide to 
Assignor a revolving credit loan facility as provided in the Credit 
Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Agent and the Lenders have required, in accordance with 
Section 7.23 of the Credit Agreement, that Assignor execute this Assignment 
in order to secure the prompt and complete payment, as and when due and 
payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, 
demand or otherwise), of all indebtedness, liabilities, duties, 
responsibilities and obligations, whether such indebtedness, liabilities, 
duties, responsibilities and obligations are now existing or are hereafter 
created or arising, under the Credit Agreement, the Notes and/or the other 
Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the payment, observance and 
performance of, among other things, (a) the obligations of Assignor arising 
from this Assignment and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, 
(b) all other Obligations (including, in the case of each of clauses (a) 
and (b), any interest, fees and other charges in respect of the Credit 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents that would accrue but for the filing 
of a petition initiating any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other 
similar case or proceeding under federal or state law, whether or not such 
interest, fees and other charges accrue or are recoverable against Assignor 
after the filing of such petition for purposes of the Bankruptcy Code or 
are an allowed claim in such proceeding), and (c) the Hedge Obligations 
(but excluding any Excluded Hedge Obligations), plus reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and expenses if the obligations represented under this Assignment, the 
Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are collected by law, through 
an attorney-at-law, or under advice therefrom (all such indebtedness, 
liabilities, duties, responsibilities and obligations being hereinafter 
referred to as the “Secured Obligations”);

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the sum of Ten and No/100 
Dollars ($10.00), and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do 
hereby covenant and agree as follows:

M-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.Definitions.  Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Credit Agreement.  
In addition, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Collateral.  See Paragraph 2 hereof.

Counterparty.  Individually, any Person other than Assignor that is a party 
to the Hedge Agreement, and collectively all of such Persons.

Event of Default.  See Paragraph 7 hereof.

Hedge Agreement.  The [ISDA Master Agreement] dated as of ________, 201__ 
between Assignor and ________________, the Schedule attached thereto and 
the confirmation of interest rate swap, dated on or near the date thereof, 
from _________________ to Assignor.

Secured Obligations.  See the Recitals.

2.Grant of Security Interest.  As security for the Secured Obligations, 
Assignor does hereby transfer, assign, pledge, convey and grant to Agent, 
and does hereby grant a security interest to Agent in, all of Assignor’s 
right, title and interest in and to the following:

(a)All right, title, interest, claims or rights of Assignor now or 
hereafter in or to the Hedge Agreement; and

(b)Any and all profits, proceeds, accounts, income, distributions and 
payments of any kind or nature whatsoever, in each case now or hereafter 
distributable or payable to Assignor pursuant to or by reason of the Hedge 
Agreement, and all claims, choses in action, or things in action or rights 
as a creditor now or hereafter arising against Counterparty; and

(c)All accounts, contract rights, security entitlements, securities 
accounts, investment property and general intangibles now or hereafter 
evidencing, arising from or relating to any of the foregoing; and

(d)All notes or other documents or instruments now or hereafter evidencing 
or securing any of the foregoing; and

(e)All right of Assignor to collect and enforce payments distributable or 
payable to Assignor pursuant to the terms of the Hedge Agreement; and

(f)All documents, writings, books, files, records, computer tapes, 
programs, ledger books and ledger pages arising from or used in connection 
with any of the foregoing; and

(g)All renewals, extensions, additions, substitutions or replacements of 
any of the foregoing; and

M-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(h)All powers, options, rights, privileges and immunities pertaining to any 
of the foregoing; and

(i)All products and proceeds of any of the foregoing and all cash, security 
or other property distributed on account of, or in exchange or substitution 
of, any of the foregoing.

(j)All of the foregoing described in this Paragraph 2 are hereinafter 
referred to collectively as the “Collateral.”

3.Obligations Secured.  This Assignment is made by Assignor and the 
security interest in the Collateral is granted by Assignor to secure the 
payment and performance by Assignor of the Secured Obligations.

4.Collection of Collateral.  

(a)It is acknowledged and agreed by the parties hereto that Agent shall 
have sole and exclusive possession of the Collateral and that this 
Assignment constitutes a present, absolute and current assignment of all 
the Collateral and is effective upon the execution and delivery hereof.  
Payments under or with respect to the Collateral shall be made as follows:

(i)Assignor shall not have any right to receive any Collateral, and all 
such payments shall be delivered directly by the Counterparty to Agent for 
application by Agent in satisfaction of the Secured Obligations in 
accordance with the Loan Documents.

(ii)If Assignor shall receive any Collateral, Assignor shall hold all such 
payments in trust for Agent, will not commingle such payments with other 
funds of Assignor, and will immediately pay and deliver in kind, all such 
payments directly to Agent (with such endorsements and assignments as may 
be necessary to transfer title to Agent) for application by Agent in 
satisfaction of the Secured Obligations in accordance with the Loan 
Documents.

(iii)Assignor hereby agrees for the benefit of Counterparty that all 
payments actually received by Agent hereunder or pursuant hereto shall be 
deemed payments to Assignor by Counterparty.  Agent shall apply any and all 
such payments actually received by Agent in satisfaction of the Secured 
Obligations in accordance with the Loan Documents.

(iv)In furtherance of the foregoing, Assignor does hereby notify and direct 
Counterparty that all payments under or with respect to the Collateral 
shall be made directly to Agent at the address of Agent set forth in the 
Credit Agreement.

(b)Effective only upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default, Assignor hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Agent 
its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, which appointment is coupled with an 
interest and is irrevocable, either in the name of Agent, or in the name of 
Assignor, at Assignor’s sole cost and expense, and to take any or all of 
the following actions:

(i)to ask, demand, sue for, attach, levy, settle, compromise, collect, 
compound, recover, receive and give receipt and acquittances for any and 
all Collateral and to

M-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
take any and all actions as Agent may deem necessary or desirable in order 
to realize upon the Collateral, or any portion thereof, including, without 
limitation, making any statements and doing and taking any actions on 
behalf of Assignor which are otherwise required of Assignor under the terms 
of any agreement as conditions precedent to the payment of the Collateral, 
and the right and power to receive, endorse, assign and deliver, in the 
name of Assignor, any checks, notes, drafts, instruments or other evidences 
of payment received in payment of or on account of all or any portion of 
the Collateral, and Assignor hereby waives presentment, demand, protest and 
notice of demand, protest and non-payment of any instrument so endorsed; 
and

(ii)to institute one or more actions against Counterparty in connection 
with the collection of the Collateral, to prosecute to judgment, settle or 
dismiss any such actions, and to make any compromise or settlement deemed 
desirable, in Agent’s sole and absolute discretion, with respect to such 
Collateral, to extend the time of payment, arrange for payment in 
installments or otherwise modify the terms of the Hedge Agreement or 
release Counterparty from its obligations to make such payments, without 
incurring responsibility to, or affecting any liability of, Assignor under 
the Hedge Agreement;

it being specifically understood and agreed, however, that Agent shall not 
be obligated in any manner whatsoever to give any notices of default 
(except as may be specifically required herein or in the Credit Agreement) 
or to exercise any such power or authority or be in any way responsible for 
the preservation, maintenance, collection of or realizing upon the 
Collateral, or any portion thereof, or any of Assignor’s rights therein.  
The foregoing appointment is irrevocable and continuing and any such 
rights, powers and privileges shall be exclusive in Agent, its successors 
and assigns until this Assignment terminates as provided in Paragraph 13, 
below.

(c)Notwithstanding anything contained in this Paragraph 4 to the contrary, 
provided no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur 
as a result thereof, Assignor shall have a license (revocable upon the 
occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default) to receive 
and retain the Collateral attributable to payments made to Assignor by 
Counterparty except as a result of a default, event of default, termination 
event or similar occurrence under the Hedge Agreement that is an Event of 
Default under the Credit Agreement.

5.Warranties and Covenants.  Assignor does hereby warrant and represent to, 
and covenants and agrees with, Agent as follows:

(a)Power and Authority.  Assignor has, and shall maintain throughout the 
term of this Assignment, all necessary power, authority and legal right to 
execute and deliver this Assignment, to own and grant a security interest 
in the Collateral, to assign to Agent the security interest granted hereby.

(b)Performance.  All duties, obligations and responsibilities required to 
be performed by Assignor as of the date hereof under the Hedge Agreement 
have been performed, and no default or condition which with the passage of 
time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default exists 
under the Hedge Agreement.

M-4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)Hedge Agreement.  Except for the Loan Documents, Assignor is not a party 
to, nor is Assignor bound by or subject to, any indenture, contract or 
other agreement which purports to prohibit, restrict, limit, or control the 
transfer or pledge of the Collateral.  The Hedge Agreement has been duly 
authorized, executed and delivered by Assignor and is in full force and 
effect.  Assignor has paid to Counterparty all fees or other amounts at any 
time payable with respect to the Hedge Agreement.  A true, correct and 
complete copy of the Hedge Agreement, together with any amendments thereto, 
is attached hereto as Exhibit “A” and made a part hereof, and there are no 
other agreements or understandings which modify, alter or supplement the 
terms thereof.  At any time while an Event of Default exists, Assignor 
shall not modify, amend, cancel, release, surrender, terminate or permit 
the modification, amendment, cancellation, release, surrender, termination 
of, the Hedge Agreement, or cause or permit the occurrence of a 
“Termination Event” (as such term is defined in the Hedge Agreement), 
without the prior written consent of Agent.  Nothing herein shall limit the 
terms of Section 12.1(f) of the Credit Agreement.

(d)Title.  Assignor is and shall remain the sole, lawful, beneficial and 
record owner of the Collateral, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, 
claims, pledges, encumbrances, charges or rights of third parties and 
rights of set-off or recoupment whatsoever (other than those in favor of 
Agent hereunder), and Assignor has the full and complete right, power and 
authority to create a security interest in the Collateral in favor of 
Agent, in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Assignment.  No 
Person has any option, right of first refusal, right of first offer or 
other right to acquire all or any portion of the Collateral.

(e)Priority.  This Assignment, together with the UCC financing statements, 
creates a valid and binding first priority security interest in the 
Collateral securing the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations, 
and all filings and other actions necessary to perfect and protect such 
security interests have been duly made and taken.  Assignor has not 
performed, and Assignor will not perform or, to the extent Assignor has the 
legal right, whether by contract, at law or in equity, to prevent such 
action, permit any other Person to perform, any acts which might prevent 
Agent from enforcing any of the terms and conditions of this Assignment or 
which would limit Agent in any such enforcement.

(f)Note.  All original notes and other documents or instruments (if any) 
evidencing, constituting, guaranteeing or securing any of the Collateral or 
any right to receive the Collateral have been endorsed to and delivered to 
Agent.

(g)Perfection of Security Interest.

(i)(1) Assignor’s correct legal name (including, without limitation, 
punctuation and spacing) indicated on the public record of Assignor’s 
jurisdiction, mailing address, identity or corporate structure, principal 
residence or chief executive office, jurisdiction of organization, 
organizational identification number, and federal tax identification 
number, are as set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto and by this 
reference made a part hereof, (2) Assignor has been using or operating 
under said name and identity or corporate structure without change for the 
time period set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto and (3) in order to 
perfect the pledge and security interests granted herein against Assignor, 
a UCC Financing Statement must be filed with the Secretary of State of the 
State of Delaware.  Assignor covenants and agrees that

M-5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Assignor shall not change any of the matters addressed by clauses (1), (2) 
and (3) of this paragraph unless it has given Agent thirty (30) days prior 
written notice of any such change and caused to be filed at the request of 
Agent or authorized the Agent or Agent’s counsel to file such additional 
financing statements or other instruments to be filed in such jurisdictions 
as Agent may deem necessary or advisable in its sole discretion to prevent 
any filed financing statement from becoming misleading or losing its 
perfected status.

(ii)Assignor agrees to do such further acts and things, and to execute and 
deliver such additional conveyances, assignments, agreements, documents, 
endorsements, assurances and instruments as Agent may at any time 
reasonably request in connection with the administration or enforcement of 
this Assignment or related to the Collateral or any part thereof or in 
order to better assure and confirm unto Agent its rights, powers and 
remedies hereunder.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, at 
any time and from time to time, Assignor shall, at the reasonable request 
of Agent, make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or authorize the 
execution and delivery of and where appropriate, cause to be recorded 
and/or filed and from time to time thereafter to be re-recorded and/or 
refiled at such time in such offices and places as shall be deemed 
desirable by Agent all such other and further assignments, security 
agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, endorsements, 
assurances, certificates and other documents as Agent from time to time may 
reasonably require for the better assuring, conveying, assigning and 
confirming to Agent the Collateral and the rights hereby conveyed or 
assigned or intended now or hereafter to be conveyed or assigned, and for 
carrying out the intention or facilitating the performance of the terms of 
this Assignment.  Upon any failure of Assignor to do so, Agent may make, 
execute, record, file, rerecord and/or refile, acknowledge and deliver any 
and all such further assignments, security agreements, financing 
statements, continuation statements, endorsements, assurances, instruments, 
certificates and documents for and in the name of Assignor, and Assignor 
hereby irrevocably appoints Agent the agent and attorney-in-fact coupled 
with an interest with full power of substitutions of Assignor so to do.  
This power is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable.  Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Assignor will obtain such 
acknowledgments, waivers of lien, estoppel certificates or subordination 
agreements as Agent may require to insure the priority of its security 
interest in the Collateral.

(iii)Schedule 1 correctly sets forth all names and tradenames that Assignor 
has used within the last five years, and also correctly sets forth the 
locations of all of the chief executive offices of Assignor over the last 
five years.

(iv)Assignor shall, at any time and from time to time, take such steps as 
Agent may reasonably request for Agent (1) to obtain an acknowledgment, in 
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, of any bailee having 
possession of any of the Collateral, stating that the bailee holds 
possession of such Collateral on behalf of Agent, (2) to obtain “control” 
of any investment property, deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights, or 
electronic chattel paper (as such terms are defined by the Uniform 
Commercial Code as enacted in the State of New York (the “UCC”) with 
corresponding provisions thereof defining what constitutes “control” for 
such items of collateral) in each case in which such items are included as 
Collateral, with any agreements establishing control to be in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, and (3) otherwise to insure the 
continued perfection and priority of the Agent’s security interest in any 
of the Collateral and of the preservation of its rights therein.  If

M-6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Assignor shall at any time acquire a “commercial tort claim” (as such term 
is defined in the UCC) with respect to the Collateral or any portion 
thereof, Assignor shall promptly notify Agent thereof in writing, providing 
a reasonable description and summary thereof, and shall execute a 
supplement to this Assignment in form and substance acceptable to Agent 
granting a security interest in such commercial tort claim to Agent.

(v)Assignor hereby authorizes Agent, its counsel or its representative, at 
any time and from time to time, at Assignor’s expense, to file financing 
statements, amendments and continuations that describe or relate to the 
Collateral or any portion thereof in such jurisdictions as Agent may deem 
necessary or desirable in order to perfect the security interests granted 
by Assignor under this Assignment, and such financing statements may 
contain, among other items as Agent may deem advisable to include therein, 
the federal tax identification number and organizational number of 
Assignor.

(h)No Suits or Proceedings.  There are no material actions, suits or 
proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Assignor, threatened against or 
affecting the Collateral, or involving the validity or enforceability of 
this Assignment or the priority of the lien thereof, at law or in equity, 
or before any governmental or administrative agency.

6.General Covenants.  Assignor covenants and agrees that, so long as this 
Assignment is continuing:

(a)No Further Encumbrance.  Assignor shall not, without the prior written 
consent of Agent, which consent may be withheld by Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion, directly, indirectly or by operation of law, sell, 
transfer, assign, dispose of, pledge, convey, option, mortgage, hypothecate 
or encumber any of the Collateral.

(b)Defense of Collateral.  Assignor shall at all times defend the 
Collateral against all claims and demands of all persons at any time 
claiming any interest in the Collateral adverse to Agent’s interest in the 
Collateral as granted hereunder.

(c)Performance of Duties.  Assignor shall perform all of its duties, 
responsibilities and obligations under the Hedge Agreement and with respect 
to the Collateral shall diligently and in good faith protect the value of 
the Collateral.

(d)Payment of Taxes.  Assignor shall pay all taxes and other charges 
against the Collateral, shall not use the Collateral illegally, and shall 
not suffer to exist any loss, theft, damage or destruction of the 
Collateral and shall not suffer to exist any levy, seizure or attachment of 
the Collateral.

(e)Enforcement of Hedge Agreement.  Assignor, promptly upon the request of 
Agent, shall promptly take such actions as Agent may reasonably require to 
enforce or cause to be enforced the terms of the Hedge Agreement or any 
other contract, agreement or instrument included in, giving rise to, 
creating, establishing, evidencing or relating to the Collateral or to 
collect or enforce any claim for payment or other right or privilege 
assigned to Agent hereunder.

(f)[Intentionally Omitted].

M-7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(g)Location of Records.  Except for those items of the Collateral that are 
delivered to Agent as provided herein, all original records of Assignor 
relative to the Collateral are and will be kept at the office of Assignor 
located in Davidson County, Nashville, Tennessee.  Assignor shall give 
Agent not fewer than thirty (30) days prior written notice of any proposed 
change in the name of Assignor and any proposed change in the location of 
the Collateral or of such records, and Assignor will not, without the prior 
written consent of Agent, move the Collateral or such records to a location 
outside of Davidson County, Nashville, Tennessee, or keep duplicate records 
with respect to the Collateral at any address outside such county.

(h)Evidence of Indebtedness.  If any amounts are due from Counterparty to 
Assignor, including, without limitation, any amounts in respect of 
Collateral payable to Assignor in the future and the obligation to pay or 
repay such amount is to be evidenced by a separate document or instrument, 
then as evidence of such obligations, Assignor shall (i) cause Counterparty 
to issue Assignor a promissory note bearing the legend attached hereto as 
Exhibit ”B”, which note shall provide that all payments due under such 
promissory note are to be paid directly to Agent as required by, and 
applied as provided in, this Assignment or the Loan Documents until the 
Secured Obligations are paid in full or this Assignment is otherwise 
terminated as provided herein (and Agent may hold such sums as additional 
collateral for Secured Obligations not yet due and payable), or (ii) 
execute or cause to be executed such documents, instruments or agreements 
as Agent may reasonably require in order to ensure that such payments are 
to be paid directly to Agent as required by this Assignment.  No other 
evidence of such obligations shall be executed by Counterparty to Assignor.

(i)Delivery of Notes.  Assignor shall promptly deliver to Agent any note or 
other document or instrument entered into after the date hereof which 
evidences, constitutes, guarantees or secures any of the Collateral or any 
right to receive Collateral, which notes or other documents and instruments 
shall be accompanied by such endorsements or assignments as Agent may 
require to transfer title to Agent.

(j)Assignor Remains Liable.  Anything herein to the contrary 
notwithstanding, (i) Assignor shall remain liable under the Hedge Agreement 
and all other contracts, agreements and instruments included in, giving 
rise to, creating, establishing, evidencing or relating to the Collateral 
to the extent set forth therein to perform all of its duties and 
obligations (including, without limitation, the making of any payment to 
Counterparty) to the same extent as if this Assignment had not been 
executed, (ii) the exercise by Agent of any of its rights hereunder shall 
not release Assignor from any of its duties or obligations under the Hedge 
Agreement, or any such contracts, agreements and instruments, and (iii) 
neither Agent nor any of the Lenders shall have any obligation or liability 
under the Hedge Agreement or any such contract, agreement or instrument by 
reason of this Assignment, and Agent shall not be obligated to perform any 
of the obligations or duties of Assignor thereunder or to take any action 
to collect or enforce any claim for payment or other right or privilege 
assigned to Agent hereunder.

(k)Notices of Default.  So long as this Assignment shall remain in effect, 
Assignor shall, immediately upon receipt, forward to Agent duplicate copies 
of any and all notices of default or other events permitting the 
acceleration or early termination of the Hedge Agreement, or of any other 
failure by Assignor to perform any obligation under the Hedge Agreement.

M-8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
7.Events of Default.  An Event of Default shall exist hereunder upon the 
occurrence and continuance of any of the following:

(a)Assignor shall fail to duly and fully comply with any covenant, 
condition or agreement in Paragraphs 5(d), 6(a), 6(h) or 6(i) of this 
Assignment; or

(b)Assignor shall fail to, or Assignor shall fail to cause any other Person 
to, duly and fully comply with any other covenant, condition or agreement 
of this Assignment (other than those specified in this Paragraph 7 or any 
default excluded from any provision of a grace period or cure of defaults 
contained in any other of the Loan Documents), and such failure is not 
cured in the applicable time period provided in the Credit Agreement;

(c)The occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default under any of the 
other Loan Documents; or

(d)Any amendment to or termination of a financing statement with respect to 
the Collateral naming Assignor as a debtor and Agent as secured party, or 
any correction statement with respect thereto, is filed in any jurisdiction 
by, or such filing is caused by, or at the instance of, Assignor or is 
filed by, or such filing is caused by, or at the instance of, any 
principal, member, partner, shareholder or officer of Assignor.

8.Remedies.  

(a)Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Agent may take any action 
deemed by Agent to be necessary or appropriate to the enforcement of the 
rights and remedies of Agent under this Assignment and the Loan Documents, 
including, without limitation, the exercise of its rights and remedies with 
respect to any or all of the Collateral.  The remedies of Agent shall 
include, without limitation, all rights and remedies specified in the Loan 
Documents and this Assignment, all remedies of Agent under applicable 
general or statutory law, and the remedies of a secured party under the UCC 
and regardless of whether the UCC has been enacted or enacted in that form 
in any other jurisdiction in which such right or remedy is asserted.  In 
addition to such other remedies as may exist from time to time, whether by 
way of set off, banker’s lien, consensual security interest or otherwise, 
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Agent is authorized at any time 
and from time to time, without notice to or demand upon Assignor (any such 
notice or demand being expressly waived by Assignor) to charge any and all 
deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any 
time held and other obligations at any time owing by Agent to or for the 
credit of or the account of Assignor against any and all of the Secured 
Obligations, irrespective of whether or not Agent shall have made any 
demand for payment and although such Secured Obligations may be unmatured.  
Any notice required by law, including, but not limited to, notice of the 
intended disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral, shall be 
reasonable and properly given if given in the manner prescribed for the 
giving of notice herein, and, in the case of any notice of disposition, if 
given at least ten (10) days prior to such disposition.  Agent may require 
Assignor to assemble the Collateral and make it available to Agent at any 
place to be designated by Agent which is reasonably convenient to both 
parties.  It is expressly understood and agreed that Agent shall be 
entitled to dispose of the Collateral at any public or private sale or 
sales, without recourse to judicial proceedings and without either demand, 
appraisement, advertisement or notice (except

M-9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
such notice as is otherwise required under this Assignment) of any kind, 
all of which are expressly waived, and that Agent shall be entitled to bid 
and purchase at any such sale.  In the event that Agent is the successful 
bidder at any public or private sale of any note or other document or 
instrument evidencing Assignor’s right to receive the Collateral, Agent 
shall be entitled to credit the amount bid by Agent against the obligations 
evidenced by such note, document or instrument rather than the Secured 
Obligations.  To the extent the Collateral consists of marketable 
securities, Agent shall not be obligated to sell such securities for the 
highest price obtainable, but shall sell them at the market price available 
on the date of sale.  Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of the 
Collateral if it shall determine not to do so regardless of the fact that 
notice of sale of the Collateral may have been given.  Agent may, without 
notice or publication, adjourn any public sale from time to time by 
announcement at the time and place fixed for sale, and such sale may, 
without further notice, be made at the time and place to which the same was 
so adjourned.  Each such purchaser at any such sale shall hold the 
Collateral sold absolutely free from claim or right on the part of 
Assignor.  In the event that any consent, approval or authorization of any 
governmental agency or commission will be necessary to effectuate any such 
sale or sales, Assignor shall execute all such applications or other 
instruments as Agent may deem reasonably necessary to obtain such consent, 
approval or authorization.  Agent may notify any account debtor or obligor 
with respect to the Collateral to make payment directly to Agent, and may 
demand, collect, receipt for, settle, compromise, adjust, sue for, 
foreclose or realize upon the Collateral as Agent may determine whether or 
not the Secured Obligations or the Collateral are due, and for the purpose 
of realizing Agent’s rights therein, Agent may receive, open and dispose of 
mail addressed to Assignor and endorse notes, checks, drafts, money orders, 
documents of title or other evidences of payment, shipment or storage of 
any form of Collateral on behalf and in the name of Assignor, as its 
attorney-in-fact.  In addition, Assignor hereby irrevocably designates and 
appoints Agent its true and lawful attorney-in-fact either in the name of 
Agent or Assignor to (i) sign Assignor’s name on any Collateral, drafts 
against account debtors, assignments, any proof of claim in any bankruptcy 
or other insolvency proceeding involving any account debtor, any notice of 
lien, claim of lien or assignment or satisfaction of lien, or on any 
financing statement or continuation statement under the UCC; (ii) send 
verifications of accounts receivable to any account debtor; and (iii) in 
connection with a transfer of the Collateral as described above, sign in 
Assignor’s name any documents necessary to transfer title to the Collateral 
to Agent or any third party.  All acts of said attorney-in-fact are hereby 
ratified and approved, and Agent shall not be liable for any mistake of law 
or fact made in connection therewith.  This power of attorney is coupled 
with an interest and shall be irrevocable so long as any amounts remain 
unpaid on any of the Secured Obligations.  All remedies of Agent shall be 
cumulative to the full extent provided by law, all without liability except 
to account for property actually received, but the Agent shall have no duty 
to exercise such rights and shall not be responsible for any failure to do 
so or delay in so doing.  Pursuit by Agent of certain judicial or other 
remedies shall not abate nor bar other remedies with respect to the Secured 
Obligations or to other portions of the Collateral.  Agent may exercise its 
rights to the Collateral without resorting or regard to other collateral or 
sources of security or reimbursement for the Secured Obligations.

(b)If Assignor fails to perform any agreement or covenant contained in this 
Assignment beyond any applicable period for notice and cure, Agent may 
itself perform, or cause to be performed, any agreement or covenant of 
Assignor contained in this Assignment which Assignor shall fail to perform, 
and the cost of such performance, together with any

M-10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees actually incurred 
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in any appeal) by Agent in 
connection therewith, shall be payable by Assignor within ten (10) days of 
written demand therefor and shall constitute a part of the Secured 
Obligations and, if not paid within such ten (10) days of written demand, 
shall bear interest at the Default Rate until paid.

(c)Whether or not an Event of Default has occurred and whether or not Agent 
is the absolute owner of the Collateral, Agent may take such action as 
Agent may deem necessary to protect the Collateral or its security interest 
therein, Agent being hereby authorized to pay, purchase, contest and 
compromise any encumbrance, charge or lien which in the reasonable judgment 
of Agent appears to be prior or superior to its security interest, and in 
exercising any such powers and authority to pay necessary out-of-pocket 
expenses, employ counsel and pay reasonable attorney’s fees.  Any such 
advances made or expenses incurred by Agent shall be deemed advanced under 
this Assignment, shall increase the indebtedness evidenced and secured 
hereby, shall be payable within ten (10) days of written demand therefor 
and, if not paid within such ten (10) days of written demand, shall bear 
interest at the Default Rate until paid.

(d)Notwithstanding anything in this Assignment or any other Loan Document 
to the contrary, any reference in this Assignment or any other Loan 
Document to “the continuance of a default” or “the continuance of an Event 
of Default” or any similar phrase shall not create or be deemed to create 
any right of Assignor or any other party to cure any default following the 
expiration of any applicable grace or notice and cure period.

9.Duties of Agent.  The powers conferred on Agent hereunder are solely to 
protect its interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon 
it to exercise any such powers.  Agent’s duty with reference to the 
Collateral shall be solely to use slight care in the custody and 
preservation of the Collateral, which shall not include any steps necessary 
to preserve rights against prior parties.  Agent shall have no 
responsibility or liability for the collection of any Collateral or by 
reason of any invalidity, lack of value or uncollectability of any of the 
payments received by it.

10.Indemnification.  

(a)It is specifically understood and agreed that this Assignment shall not 
operate to place any responsibility or obligation whatsoever upon Agent or 
the Lenders pursuant to the Hedge Agreement, and that in accepting this 
Assignment, Agent and the Lenders neither assume nor agree to perform at 
any time whatsoever any obligation or duty of Assignor relating to the 
Collateral or under the Hedge Agreement, all of which obligations and 
duties shall be and remain with and upon Assignor.

(b)Assignor agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Agent and the Lenders 
harmless from and against any and all claims, expenses, losses and 
liabilities growing out of or resulting from this Assignment (including, 
without limitation, enforcement of this Assignment) or acts taken or 
omitted to be taken by the Agent or the Lenders hereunder or in connection 
therewith, except claims, expenses, losses or liabilities resulting from 
the Agent’s or such

M-11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Lender’s gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined by a 
court of competent jurisdiction after the expiration of all applicable 
appeal periods.

(c)Assignor, within ten (10) days of written demand shall pay to the Agent 
the amount of any and all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including, 
without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel 
actually incurred (including those incurred in any appeal), and of any 
experts and agents, which the Agent may incur in connection with (i) the 
administration of this Assignment, (ii) the sale of, collection from, or 
other realization upon, any of the Collateral, (iii) the exercise or 
enforcement of any of the rights of the Agent hereunder, or (iv) the 
failure by Assignor to perform or observe any of the provisions hereof.

11.Security Interest Absolute.  All rights of Agent, and the security 
interests hereunder, and all of the obligations secured hereby, shall be 
absolute and unconditional, irrespective of:

(a)Any lack of validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents or any 
other agreement or instrument relating thereto;

(b)Any change in the time (including the extension of the maturity date of 
the Note), manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or 
any of the Secured Obligations or any other amendment or waiver of or any 
consent to any departure from this Assignment or the Loan Documents;

(c)Any exchange, release or nonperfection of any other collateral for the 
Secured Obligations, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to 
departure from the Loan Documents with respect to all or any part of the 
Secured Obligations; or

(d)Any other circumstance (other than payment of the Secured Obligations in 
full) that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a 
discharge of, Assignor or any third party for the Secured Obligations or 
any part thereof.

12.Amendments and Waivers.  No amendment or waiver of any provision of this 
Assignment nor consent to any departure therefrom shall in any event be 
effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Agent and 
Assignor, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the 
specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.  No delay 
or omission of Agent to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing upon 
any Event of Default shall exhaust or impair any such right, power or 
remedy or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Event of Default, 
or acquiescence therein; and every right, power and remedy given by this 
Assignment to Agent may be exercised from time to time and as often as may 
be deemed expedient by Agent.  Failure on the part of Agent to complain of 
any act or failure to act which constitutes an Event of Default, 
irrespective of how long such failure continues, shall not constitute a 
waiver by Agent of Agent’s rights hereunder or impair any rights, powers or 
remedies consequent on any Event of Default.  To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, Assignor hereby waives to the extent permitted by law all 
rights which Assignor has or may have under and by virtue of the UCC, and 
any federal, state, county or municipal statute, regulation, ordinance, 
Constitution or charter, now or hereafter existing, similar in effect 
thereto, providing any right of Assignor to notice and to a judicial 
hearing prior to seizure by Agent of any of the

M-12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Collateral.  Assignor hereby waives and renounces for itself, its heirs, 
successors and assigns, presentment, demand, protest, advertisement or 
notice of any kind (except for any notice required by law or the Loan 
Documents) and all rights to the benefits of any statute of limitations and 
any moratorium, reinstatement, marshaling, forbearance, valuation, stay, 
extension, homestead, redemption and appraisement now provided or which may 
hereafter be provided by the Constitution and laws of the United States and 
of any state thereof, both as to itself and in and to all of its property, 
real and personal, against the enforcement of this Assignment and the 
collection of any of the Secured Obligations.

13.Continuing Security Interest; Release of Collateral.  This Assignment 
shall create a continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall (a) 
subject to the provisions of Section 5.8 of the Credit Agreement, remain in 
full force and effect until the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the 
Secured Obligations and the termination of the obligation of the Lenders to 
provide further advances under the Credit Agreement, (b) be binding upon 
Assignor and its permitted successors and assigns, and (c) inure, together 
with the rights and remedies of Agent hereunder, to the benefit of Agent 
and the Lenders and their respective successors, transferees and assigns.  
Upon (i) the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Secured 
Obligations and the termination of the obligation of the Lenders to provide 
further advances under the Credit Agreement and issue Letters of Credit, or 
(ii) satisfaction of the Release of Security Conditions in accordance with 
the Credit Agreement, the security interest granted hereby shall terminate 
and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to Assignor.  Upon any such 
termination, Agent will at Assignor’s expense execute and deliver to 
Assignor such documents as Assignor shall reasonably request to evidence 
such termination.

14.Modifications, Etc.  Assignor hereby consents and agrees that Agent may 
at any time and from time to time, without notice to or further consent 
from Assignor, either with or without consideration, surrender any property 
or other security of any kind or nature whatsoever held by it or by any 
person, firm or corporation on its behalf or for its account, securing the 
Secured Obligations; substitute for any Collateral so held by it, other 
collateral of like kind; agree to modification of the terms of the Loan 
Documents; extend or renew the Loan Documents for any period; grant 
releases, compromises and indulgences with respect to the Loan Documents 
for any period or to any persons or entities now or hereafter liable 
thereunder or hereunder; release any guarantor, endorser or any other 
Person liable with respect to the Secured Obligations; or take or fail to 
take any action of any type whatsoever; and no such action which Agent 
shall take or fail to take in connection with the Loan Documents, or any of 
them, or any security for the payment of the Secured Obligations or for the 
performance of any obligations or undertakings of Assignor, nor any course 
of dealing with Assignor or any other person, shall release Assignor’s 
obligations hereunder, affect this Assignment in any way or afford Assignor 
any recourse against Agent.

15.[Intentionally omitted].

16.Governing Law; Terms.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL, PURSUANT TO NEW YORK 
GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTION 5‑1401, BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

M-13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
17.Notices.  Each notice, demand, election or request provided for or 
permitted to be given pursuant to this Assignment shall be deemed to have 
been properly given or served if given to Assignor in the manner provided 
in the Credit Agreement.

18.No Unwritten Agreements.  THE WRITTEN LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF 
PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.  THERE 
ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.

19.Counterparts.  This Assignment and any amendment hereof may be executed 
in several counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each 
of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, and all of 
which together shall constitute one instrument.  In proving this Assignment 
it shall not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such 
counterpart signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought.

20.Miscellaneous.  Time is of the essence of this Assignment.  Title or 
captions of paragraphs hereof are for convenience only and neither limit 
nor amplify the provisions hereof.  References to a particular paragraph 
refer to that paragraph of this Assignment unless otherwise indicated.  If, 
for any circumstances whatsoever, fulfillment of any provision of this 
Assignment shall involve transcending the limit of validity presently 
prescribed by applicable law, the obligation to be fulfilled shall be 
reduced to the limit of such validity; and if any clause or provision 
herein operates or would prospectively operate to invalidate this 
Assignment, in whole or in part, then such clause or provision only shall 
be held for naught, as though not herein contained, and the remainder of 
this Assignment shall remain operative and in full force and effect.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

 

M-14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Agent have executed this Assignment under 
seal on the date first above written.

AGENT:

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Agent


By:
Name:
Title:
(SEAL)
 

[Signatures Continued On Next Page]

 

 

M-15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ASSIGNOR:
 
MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership


By:  MedEquities OP GP, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, its general partner


By:
Name:
Title:


 

 

M-16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT “A”


HEDGE AGREEMENT

 

 

 

 
A-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT “B”


PROMISSORY NOTE LEGEND

“THIS NOTE HAS BEEN PLEDGED BY MEDEQUITIES REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, 
LP, A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (“ASSIGNOR”), TO KEYBANK NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION, AS AGENT (“AGENT”) PURSUANT TO AN ASSIGNMENT OF HEDGE 
AGREEMENT DATED AS OF ________, 201__ (AS THE SAME MAY BE MODIFIED, AMENDED 
OR RESTATED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE “ASSIGNMENT”).  ALL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO 
ASSIGNOR PURSUANT TO THIS NOTE SHALL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO AGENT AS REQUIRED 
BY THE ASSIGNMENT.”

 
-18-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table of Contents
Page
 
§1.
DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION1
 
 
§1.1
Definitions1
 
 
§1.2
Rules of Interpretation44
 
§2.
THE CREDIT FACILITY46
 
 
§2.1
Revolving Credit Loans46
 
 
§2.2
Commitment to Lend Term Loan A and Term Loan B.47
 
 
§2.3
Facility Unused Fee48
 
 
§2.4
Reduction and Termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments49
 
 
§2.5
Swing Loan Commitment49
 
 
§2.6
Interest on Loans52
 
 
§2.7
Requests for Loans53
 
 
§2.8
Funds for Loans54
 
 
§2.9
Use of Proceeds55
 
 
§2.10
Letters of Credit55
 
 
§2.11
Increase in Total Commitment58
 
 
§2.12
Extension of Revolving Credit Maturity Date62
 
 
§2.13
Defaulting Lenders63
 
§3.
REPAYMENT OF THE LOANS66
 
 
§3.1
Stated Maturity66
 
 
§3.2
Mandatory Prepayments.67
 
 
§3.3
Optional Prepayments68
 
 
§3.4
Partial Prepayments68
 
 
§3.5
Effect of Prepayments68
 
§4.
CERTAIN GENERAL PROVISIONS68
 
 
§4.1
Conversion Options68
 
 
§4.2
Fees69
 
 
§4.3
Funds for Payments69
 
 
§4.4
Computations74
 
 
§4.5
Suspension of LIBOR Rate Loans74
 
 
§4.6
Illegality75
 
 
§4.7
Additional Interest75
 
 
§4.8
Additional Costs, Etc.75
 
 
§4.9
Capital Adequacy76
 
 
§4.10
Breakage Costs77
 
 
§4.11
Default Interest; Late Charge77
 
 
§4.12
Certificate77
 
 
§4.13
Limitation on Interest77
 
 
§4.14
Certain Provisions Relating to Increased Costs78
 
§5.
COLLATERAL SECURITY; GUARANTORS79
 
 
§5.1
Collateral79
 
 
§5.2
Appraisal79
 
 
§5.3
Addition of Borrowing Base Assets79
 
 
§5.4
Release of Borrowing Base Assets81
 
 
§5.5
Additional Guarantors81
 
 
§5.6
Release of Certain Guarantors82
 

 
-i-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table of Contents
(continued)
Page
 
 
§5.7
[Intentionally Omitted.]83
 
 
§5.8
Release of Collateral83
 
§6.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES84
 
 
§6.1
Corporate Authority, Etc.84
 
 
§6.2
Governmental Approvals85
 
 
§6.3
Title to Properties85
 
 
§6.4
Financial Statements85
 
 
§6.5
No Material Changes85
 
 
§6.6
Franchises, Patents, Copyrights, Etc.86
 
 
§6.7
Litigation86
 
 
§6.8
No Material Adverse Contracts, Etc.86
 
 
§6.9
Compliance with Other Instruments, Laws, Etc.87
 
 
§6.10
Tax Status87
 
 
§6.11
No Event of Default87
 
 
§6.12
Investment Company Act87
 
 
§6.13
Setoff, Etc.87
 
 
§6.14
Certain Transactions87
 
 
§6.15
Employee Benefit Plans88
 
 
§6.16
Disclosure88
 
 
§6.17
Trade Name; Place of Business89
 
 
§6.18
Regulations T, U and X89
 
 
§6.19
Environmental Compliance89
 
 
§6.20
Subsidiaries; Organizational Structure91
 
 
§6.21
Leases91
 
 
§6.22
Property91
 
 
§6.23
Brokers93
 
 
§6.24
Other Debt93
 
 
§6.25
Solvency93
 
 
§6.26
No Bankruptcy Filing93
 
 
§6.27
No Fraudulent Intent93
 
 
§6.28
Transaction in Best Interests of the Borrower and Guarantors; 
Consideration93
 
 
§6.29
Contribution Agreement94
 
 
§6.30
Representations and Warranties of Guarantors94
 
 
§6.31
OFAC94
 
 
§6.32
Healthcare Representations95
 
 
§6.33
Ground Lease96
 
§7.
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS97
 
 
§7.1
Punctual Payment97
 
 
§7.2
Maintenance of Office97
 
 
§7.3
Records and Accounts97
 
 
§7.4
Financial Statements, Certificates and Information97
 
 
§7.5
Notices101
 
 
§7.6
Existence; Maintenance of Properties103
 

 
-ii-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table of Contents
(continued)
Page
 
 
§7.7
Insurance; Condemnation104
 
 
§7.8
Taxes; Liens109
 
 
§7.9
Inspection of Properties and Books109
 
 
§7.10
Compliance with Laws, Contracts, Licenses, and Permits110
 
 
§7.11
Further Assurances110
 
 
§7.12
Management111
 
 
§7.13
Leases of the Property111
 
 
§7.14
Business Operations111
 
 
§7.15
Healthcare Laws and Covenants112
 
 
§7.16
Registered Servicemark114
 
 
§7.17
Ownership of Real Estate114
 
 
§7.18
Distributions of Income to the Borrower114
 
 
§7.19
Plan Assets114
 
 
§7.20
Borrowing Base Assets114
 
 
§7.21
Operators’ Agreements118
 
 
§7.22
[Intentionally Omitted.]118
 
 
§7.23
Assignment of Interest Rate Protection118
 
 
§7.24
Sanctions Laws and Regulations118
 
 
§7.25
Preservation of Right to Pledge Borrowing Base Assets119
 
§8.
NEGATIVE COVENANTS119
 
 
§8.1
Restrictions on Indebtedness119
 
 
§8.2
Restrictions on Liens, Etc.121
 
 
§8.3
Restrictions on Investments122
 
 
§8.4
Merger, Consolidation124
 
 
§8.5
Sale and Leaseback125
 
 
§8.6
Compliance with Environmental Laws125
 
 
§8.7
Distributions126
 
 
§8.8
Asset Sales127
 
 
§8.9
Restriction on Prepayment of Indebtedness127
 
 
§8.10
Zoning and Contract Changes and Compliance127
 
 
§8.11
Derivatives Contracts127
 
 
§8.12
Transactions with Affiliates127
 
 
§8.13
Equity Pledges128
 
 
§8.14
Management Fees128
 
 
§8.15
Burdensome Agreements128
 
§9.
FINANCIAL COVENANTS128
 
 
§9.1
Borrowing Base Availability128
 
 
§9.2
Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Gross Asset Value128
 
 
§9.3
Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Fixed Charges129
 
 
§9.4
Minimum Consolidated Tangible Net Worth129
 
 
§9.5
[Intentionally Omitted]129
 
 
§9.6
Aggregate Occupancy Rate129
 
 
§9.7
Remaining Lease Term129
 
 
§9.8
[Intentionally Omitted.]129
 

 
-iii-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table of Contents
(continued)
Page
 
 
§9.9
Minimum Property Requirement129
 
 
§9.10
Concentration Limits129
 
§10.
CLOSING CONDITIONS130
 
 
§10.1
Loan Documents130
 
 
§10.2
Certified Copies of Organizational Documents130
 
 
§10.3
Resolutions130
 
 
§10.4
Incumbency Certificate; Authorized Signers130
 
 
§10.5
Opinion of Counsel131
 
 
§10.6
Payment of Fees131
 
 
§10.7
Performance; No Default131
 
 
§10.8
Representations and Warranties131
 
 
§10.9
Proceedings and Documents131
 
 
§10.10
Eligible Real Estate Qualification Documents131
 
 
§10.11
Compliance Certificate and Borrowing Base Certificate131
 
 
§10.12
Appraised Values131
 
 
§10.13
Consents131
 
 
§10.14
Contribution Agreement132
 
 
§10.15
[Intentionally Omitted.]132
 
 
§10.16
Good Standing132
 
 
§10.17
Insurance132
 
 
§10.18
Other132
 
§11.
CONDITIONS TO ALL BORROWINGS132
 
 
§11.1
Prior Conditions Satisfied132
 
 
§11.2
Representations True; No Default132
 
 
§11.3
Borrowing Documents132
 
§12.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT; ACCELERATION; ETC.132
 
 
§12.1
Events of Default and Acceleration132
 
 
§12.2
Certain Cure Periods; Limitation of Cure Periods136
 
 
§12.3
Termination of Commitments136
 
 
§12.4
Remedies136
 
 
§12.5
Distribution of Proceeds137
 
 
§12.6
Collateral Account138
 
§13.
SETOFF139
 
§14.
THE AGENT140
 
 
§14.1
Authorization140
 
 
§14.2
Employees and Agents140
 
 
§14.3
No Liability140
 
 
§14.4
No Representations140
 
 
§14.5
Payments141
 
 
§14.6
Holders of Notes142
 
 
§14.7
Indemnity142
 
 
§14.8
The Agent as Lender142
 
 
§14.9
Resignation142
 
 
§14.10
Duties in the Case of Enforcement143
 

 
-iv-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table of Contents
(continued)
Page
 
 
§14.11
Request for Agent Action143
 
 
§14.12
Bankruptcy144
 
 
§14.13
Reliance by the Agent144
 
 
§14.14
Approvals144
 
 
§14.15
The Borrower Not Beneficiary145
 
 
§14.16
Reliance on Hedge Provider145
 
§15.
EXPENSES145
 
§16.
INDEMNIFICATION146
 
§17.
SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS, ETC.147
 
§18.
ASSIGNMENT AND PARTICIPATION147
 
 
§18.1
Conditions to Assignment by Lenders147
 
 
§18.2
Register148
 
 
§18.3
New Notes148
 
 
§18.4
Participations149
 
 
§18.5
Pledge by Lender150
 
 
§18.6
No Assignment by the Borrower150
 
 
§18.7
Disclosure150
 
 
§18.8
Mandatory Assignment151
 
 
§18.9
Amendments to Loan Documents151
 
 
§18.10
Titled Agents151
 
§19.
NOTICES151
 
§20.
RELATIONSHIP154
 
§21.
GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION AND SERVICE154
 
§22.
HEADINGS155
 
§23.
COUNTERPARTS155
 
§24.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT, ETC.155
 
§25.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL AND CERTAIN DAMAGE CLAIMS155
 
§26.
DEALINGS WITH THE BORROWER156
 
§27.
CONSENTS, AMENDMENTS, WAIVERS, ETC.156
 
§28.
SEVERABILITY158
 
§29.
TIME OF THE ESSENCE158
 
§30.
NO UNWRITTEN AGREEMENTS158
 
§31.
REPLACEMENT NOTES158
 
§32.
NO THIRD PARTIES BENEFITED158
 
§33.
PATRIOT ACT159
 
§34.
WAIVER OF CLAIMS159
 
§35.
CONSENT TO AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT; EFFECT OF AMENDMENT AND 
RESTATEMENT.159
 
§36.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND CONSENT TO BAIL-IN OF EEA FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS.160
 
 

 
-v-
 
 