 EX-10.9 16 a2234454zex-10_9.htm EX-10.9
Exhibit 10.9
 
FIRST AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE AGREEMENT
 
This AMENDMENT (the Amendment) to the Executive Agreement (the 
Agreement), dated September 1, 2014, by and between BioXcel Corporation, 
a Delaware corporation (the Company) and Vimal Mehta (the Executive) is 
effective as of September 1, 2017 (the Amendment Effective Date). 
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to 
them in the Agreement.
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, on September 1, 2014, Executive and the Company entered into the 
Agreement; and
 
WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement to increase 
Executives Base Compensation;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of and for the mutual promises and 
covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Agreement is hereby 
amended as follows:
 
1.                                      Section 4 of the Agreement is 
hereby amended such that Executives Base Compensation shall be increased 
from $125,000 to $240,000 on the Amendment Effective Date.
 
2.                                      Section 7 of the Agreement is 
hereby amended such that Executives car lease allowance from the Company 
shall be increased from up to $750 per month to $1,250 per month on the 
Amendment Effective Date.
 
2.                                      Miscellaneous
 
(A)                               This Amendment shall be construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut without 
giving effect to the conflict of laws rules thereof or the actual domiciles 
of the parties.
 
(B)                               Except as amended hereby, the terms and 
provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the 
Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed. On and after the date 
of this Amendment, each reference in the Agreement to the Agreement, 
hereinafter, herein, hereinafter, hereunder, hereof, or words of 
like import shall mean and be a reference to the Agreement as amended by 
this Amendment.
 
(C)                               This Amendment may be executed in one or 
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of 
which taken together shall constitute a single Amendment.
 
[signature page follows]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of 
the 21st day of December, 2017.
 
 
 
BIOXCEL CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Krishnan Nandabalan
 
 
Name: Krishnan Nandabalan
 
 
Title:    President and CSO
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Vimal Mehta
 
 
Name: Vimal Mehta
 
 
Title:    CEO
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

