 EX-10 2 exhibit101vahlsingalkmdebtse.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 - SETTLEMENT 
AGREEMENT
DEBT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT

THIS DEBT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is entered into effective 
as of the 12th day of January, 2016 (the Effective Date), by and between 
ERWIN VAHLSING (Creditor); and, ALKAME HOLDINGS, INC. (ALKM). Creditor 
and ALKM are sometimes referred to collectively herein as the Parties, 
and each individually as a Party.

RECITALS

A.
Creditor has previously provided services to ALKM, which services have been 
completed and Creditor has performed in all full. Creditor is entitled to 
all amounts due and outstanding.

B.
ALKM owes Creditor the sum of Eight Two Thousand Five Hundred Thirty 
Dollars and Four Cents ($82,530.04) as of the Effective Date, without 
offset, deduction, or interest (the Owed Amount).

C.
The parties desire to convert the Owed Amount into a convertible promissory 
note, as provided for herein (the Note), with no additional payment of 
any other consideration. Upon issuance, the Note shall represent the 
obligation owed to Creditor by ALKM in place of the Owed Amount.

D.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants 
contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, 
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.
Owed Amount. The Owed Amount is true and correct as of the Effective Date. 
Creditor has performed all services required of it and is fully and legally 
entitled to payment of the entire Owed Amount with no deductions, 
reductions, set-offs, or defenses of any kind in favor of ALKM.

2.
Issuance of the Note. The Note shall be issued and delivered upon execution 
of this Agreement, in the form of Exhibit A, attached hereto and 
incorporated herein by reference. The Note is being issued solely in 
exchange for and as payment of the Owed Amount. Creditor shall be entitled 
to all rights and preference under the Note and shall not be further 
obligated to provide any further services or consideration of any kind for 
the Note.

3.
Creditors Rights. The Owed Amount represents all amounts owed by ALKM to 
Creditor as of the Effective Date, with no other amounts owed. Upon 
delivery of the Note to Creditor, the Owed Amount shall be represented by 
the Note, and all rights of Creditor with regard to the Owed Amount shall 
be represented by the Note. Creditors sole remedy shall be to proceed 
under the Note and not under any other remedy for collection of the Owed 
Amount.

4.
Closing and Agreement. Subject to and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement, Creditor hereby agrees to accept 
the Note as full and complete replacement of the Owed Amount, and ALKM 
hereby agrees to issue and deliver the Note to Creditor and his duly 
appointed assigns in place of the Owed Amount. The closing of the 
transactions contemplated hereunder (the Closing) shall take place 
immediately upon delivery of the Note.

5.
Terms and Conditions Concerning the Note. In addition to all other terms 
and conditions contained herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows with 
regard to the Note:

a.
The Note shall be dated and deemed issued as of the Effective Date.

b.
The Note shall accrue interest as of the Effective Date.

c.
The Note provides for a conversion feature in favor of Creditor.
 
d.
The Note is assignable, in full or in part, by Creditor.

6.
Representations of Creditor. Creditor hereby represents and covenants to 
ALKM that as of the Effective Date:

a.
Creditor has all requisite authority to execute and deliver this Agreement 
and any other document contemplated by this Agreement and to perform its 
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions hereunder. This 
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Creditor and constitutes 
the legal, valid, and binding obligations of Creditor, enforceable against 
Creditor in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be 
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent 
conveyance or transfer, moratorium, or similar laws affecting the 
enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles 
relating to enforceability (regardless of whether considered in a 
proceeding at law or in equity).

b.
Creditor has not assigned any portion of the Owed Amount to any other 
person.

c.
Creditor is an accredited investor within the meaning of Regulation D, 
Rule 501(a), promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under 
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

d.
Creditor understands that neither the Note nor the shares to be issued upon 
conversion of the Note have been, and may not be, registered under the 
Securities Act by reason of a specific exemption from the registration 
provisions of the Securities Act, the availability of which depends upon, 
among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the 
accuracy of Creditors representations as expressed herein or otherwise 
made pursuant hereto.

e.
Creditor has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in 
securities of companies similar to the ALKM and acknowledges that it can 
protect its own interests. Creditor has such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters so it is capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of its investment in ALKM.

f.
Neither Creditor nor any of its officers and directors, if a legal entity, 
are now, or have been in the last 90-days, officers or directors of ALKM, 
or beneficial holders of 10% or more of the equity securities of the 
Company, or in any way an affiliate of the Company, as such term is defined 
under the Securities Act.

6.
Representations of ALKM. ALKM hereby represents and covenants to Creditor 
that as of the Effective Date:

a.
ALKM has all requisite authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the 
Note, and any other document contemplated by this Agreement and to perform 
its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions hereunder. 
This Agreement and the Note have been duly executed and delivered by ALKM 
and constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligations of ALKM, 
enforceable against ALKM in accordance with its terms, except as 
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium, or similar 
laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by 
equitable principles relating to enforceability (regardless of whether 
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).
 
 
1
 
 
 
              b.    The consummation by ALKM of the transactions herein 
contemplated, including the execution, delivery and consummation of this 
Agreement and the issuance of the Note, will not:

(i)
Violate any judgment, statute, law, code, act, order, writ, rule, 
ordinance, regulation, governmental consent or governmental requirement, or 
determination or decree of any arbitrator, court, or other governmental 
agency or administrative body, which now or at any time hereafter may be 
applicable to and enforceable against the relevant party, work, or activity 
in question or any part thereof applicable to or binding upon ALKM or any 
of its assets;
 
               Violate (i) the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation or 
Bylaws of ALKM; or, (ii) any material agreement, contract, mortgage, 
indenture, bond, bill, note, or other material instrument or writing 
binding upon ALKM or to which ALKM is subject;

(iii)
Accelerate or constitute an event entitling the holder of any indebtedness 
of ALKM to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness or to increase the 
rate of interest presently in effect with respect to such indebtedness; or

(iv)
Result in the breach of, constitute a default under, constitute an event 
which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default under, 
or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or 
encumbrance upon any part of the assets of ALKM or any other assets of ALKM 
under any agreement, commitment, contract (written or oral) or other 
instrument to which ALKM is a party, or by which any of its assets (or any 
part thereof) is bound or affected.

c.
No consents, approvals or other authorizations or notices, other than those 
which have been obtained and are in full force and effect, are required by 
any state or federal regulatory authority or other person or entity in 
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Note 
and the performance of any obligations contemplated thereby.

7.
Additional Provisions.

a.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which 
when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement, it 
being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. In 
the event that any signature is delivered by Fax or by E-Mail, such 
signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of that Party (or on 
whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as 
an original thereof. Any photographic, photocopy, or similar reproduction 
copy of this Agreement, with all signatures reproduced on one or more sets 
of signature pages, shall be considered for all purposes as if it were an 
executed counterpart of this Agreement.

b.
This Agreement, and all references, documents, or instruments referred to 
herein, contains the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties in 
respect to the subject matter contained herein. The Parties have expressly 
not relied upon any promises, representations, warranties, agreements, 
covenants, or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or 
referred to herein. This Agreement supersedes (i) any and all prior written 
or oral agreements, understandings, and negotiations between the Parties 
with respect to the subject matter contained herein; and, (ii) any course 
of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms 
hereof.

c.
Each and every provision of this Agreement is severable and independent of 
any other term or provision of this Agreement. If any term or provision 
hereof is held void or invalid for any reason by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the remainder of this 
Agreement.

d.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, 
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule 
(whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would 
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State 
of New York. If any court action is necessary to enforce the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that the New York 
Supreme Court, New York County, shall be the sole jurisdiction and venue 
for the bringing of such action.

e.
The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any 
of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with 
their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, it is agreed 
that the Parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to 
prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms 
and provisions of this Agreement, this being in addition to any other 
remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The remedies of the 
Parties under this Agreement are cumulative and shall not exclude any other 
remedies to which any person may be lawfully entitled.
 
f.
No failure by any Party to insist on the strict performance of any 
covenant, duty, agreement, or condition of this Agreement or to exercise 
any right or remedy on a breach shall constitute a waiver of any such 
breach or of any other covenant, duty, agreement, or condition.

g.
In the event of any legal action (including arbitration) to enforce or 
interpret the provisions of this Agreement, the non-prevailing Party shall 
pay the reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses including 
expert witness fees of the prevailing Party in such amount as the court 
shall determine. In addition, such non-prevailing Party shall pay 
reasonable attorneys fees incurred by the prevailing Party in enforcing, 
or on appeal from, a judgment in favor of the prevailing Party. The 
preceding sentence is intended by the Parties to be severable from the 
other provisions of this Agreement and to survive and not be merged into 
such judgment.

h.
The facts recited in the section entitled Recitals are hereby 
conclusively presumed to be true as between and affecting the Parties.

i.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the 
Parties and their respective successors and assigns.

j.
This Agreement is the result of negotiations by and between the Parties, 
and each Party has had the opportunity to be represented by independent 
legal counsel of its choice. This Agreement is the product of the work and 
efforts of all Parties, and shall be deemed to have been drafted by all 
Parties. In the event of a dispute, no Party shall be entitled to claim 
that any provision should be construed against any other Party by reason of 
the fact that it was drafted by one particular Party.

k.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, 
Subsection, Exhibit, or Schedule, such reference shall be to said item of 
this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The Exhibits and Schedules 
identified in this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and made 
a part hereof as if set out in full herein.

l.
Each Party agrees (i) to furnish upon request to each other Party such 
further information; (ii) to execute and deliver to each other Party such 
other documents; and, (iii) to do such other acts and things, all as 
another Party may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the 
intent of this Agreement and the transactions envisioned hereunder. 
However, this provision shall not require that any additional 
representations or warranties be made and no Party shall be required to 
incur any material expense or potential exposure to legal liability 
pursuant to this section.

m.
All notices, requests and demands hereunder shall be in writing and 
delivered by hand, by Electronic Transmission, by mail, or by recognized 
commercial over-night delivery service (such as Federal Express or UPS), 
and shall be deemed given (a) if by hand delivery, upon such delivery; (b) 
if by Electronic Transmission, upon telephone confirmation of receipt of 
same; (c) if by mail, fortyeight (48) hours after deposit in the United 
States mail, first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid; 
or, (d) if by recognized commercial over-night delivery service, upon such 
delivery.
 
2
 

 
1.
Each Party hereby expressly consents to the use of Electronic Transmission 
for communications and notices under this Agreement. For purposes of this 
Agreement, Electronic Transmission means a communication (i) delivered by 
Fax or E-Mail when directed to the Fax number or E-Mail address, 
respectively, for that recipient on record with the sending Party; and, 
(ii) that creates a record that is capable of retention, retrieval, and 
review, and that may thereafter be rendered into clearly legible tangible 
form.

2.
Any Party may alter the Fax number, E-Mail address, physical address, or 
postage address to which communications or copies are to be sent by giving 
notice of such change of address to the other Parties in accordance with 
the provisions of this section.

n.
For purposes of this Agreement, (i) those words, names, or terms which are 
specifically defined herein shall have the meaning specifically ascribed to 
them; (ii) wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term 
stated either in the singular or plural shall include the singular and 
plural; (iii) wherever from the context it appears appropriate, the 
masculine, feminine, or neuter gender, shall each include the others; (iv) 
the words hereof, herein, hereunder, and words of similar import, 
when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole, and 
not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (v) all references to 
Dollars or $ shall be construed as being United States Dollars; (vi) the 
term including is not limiting and means including without limitation; 
and, (vii) all references to all statutes, statutory provisions, 
regulations, or similar administrative provisions shall be construed as a 
reference to such statute, statutory provision, regulation, or similar 
administrative provision as in force at the date of this Agreement and as 
may be subsequently amended.   

EXECUTION

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this DEBT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT has been duly executed 
by the Parties. Each of the undersigned Parties hereby represents and 
warrants that it (i) has the requisite power and authority to enter into 
and carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as all 
transactions contemplated hereunder; and, (ii) it is duly authorized and 
empowered to execute and deliver this Agreement.


DEBT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is entered into effective as of 
the 12th day of January, 2016 (the Effective Date), by and between ERWIN 
VAHLSING (Creditor); and, (ALKM). Creditor and ALKM are sometimes 
referred to collectively herein as the Parties, and each individually as 
a Party.

CREDITOR:
ALKM:

ALKAME HOLDINGS, INC.
______________________
ERWIN VAHLSING
BY:  __________________________
NAME:  _______________________

TITLE:  _______________________



3