 EX-10.1 2 ex10x1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 

                 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE

This Fifth Amendment to Office Building Lease, effective 9 November, 2017, 
is entered into between 6797 Winchester, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, successor in interest to Borealis Medical, LLC, ("Landlord"), and 
Encision, Inc., a Colorado Corporation ("Tenant"),  and is made with 
reference to the following facts:

A. Landlord's predecessor in interest and Tenant entered into a Lease 
Agreement dated June 3, 2004, as amended on November 20, 2006, March 29, 
2009, May 18, 2011 and November 7, 2013 (collectively the "Lease") for 
commercial real property located at 6797 Winchester Circle, Boulder 
Colorado, 80301, the present square footage of which is 29,000 rentable 
square feet, commonly referred to as Suites A. B, C, and D ("Premises").

B.  Landlord and Tenet wish to amend the Lease as set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby  acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree 
that the Lease is amended as follows:

1. Term. Landlord and Tenant agree to extend the term of the Lease for an 
additional five (5) years commencing on August 1, 2019 and ending on July 
31, 2024 ("Extended Term"), Pursuant to the Fourth Amendment, Tenant 
received two (2) Renewal Periods, one of which is being used for this 
Extended Term. Tenant retains one (1) remaining Renewal Period of five (5) 
years, which remains subject to the terms and conditions stated in the 
Fourth Amendment

2.  Rent.  Minimum Rent during the Extended Term shall be as follows:

Year
  	
Base Rent Rate
(not including NNN and utilities)
  	  	
Monthly Base Rent
(not including NNN and utilities)
 
Year 1 (August 1, 2019 – July 31, 2020)
  	
 
$11.50
  	  	
 
$27,791.67
 
Year 2 (August 1, 2020 – July 31, 2021)
  	
 
$12.00
  	  	
 
$29,000.00
 
Year 3 (August 1, 2021 – July 31, 2022)
  	
 
$12.50
  	  	
 
$30,208.33
 
Year 4 (August 1, 2022 – July 31, 2023)
  	
 
$13.00
  	  	
 
$31,416.67
 
Year 5 (August 1, 2023 – July 31, 2024)
  	
 
$13.50
  	  	
 
$32,625.00
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------



3.   Base  Rent Abatement. Upon commencement of  the Extended Term, Base 
Rent shall  be abated for two (2) months  for  a  total  abatement amount 
of $55,583.33. Tenant remains obligated to pay NNN and utility expenses 
during the abatement period.

4.   Right of First Refusal.  Tenant's First Right, which was scheduled to 
automatically terminate as of July 31, 2019 pursuant to Section 8 of the 
Fourth Amendment, is reinstated for the Extended Term, subject to the terms 
and conditions as stated in Section 8 of the Fourth Amendment, and shall 
now automatically terminate on the earlier of either the last day of the 
Extended Term (July 31, 2017) or Lease termination.

5.  Tenant Improvements. Except as provided below, the Premises is leased 
in "AS-IS" condition.

     A.
     Improvement Allowance. Landlord shall provide a tenant improvement
     allowance of $5.00 per rentable square foot (a total of $145,000.00)
     ('TI Allowance"). Any costs in excess of the TI Allowance shall be the
     sole responsibility of Tenant. The parties acknowledge that any
     pre-existing un·used allowance funds have expired. Tenant is
     responsible for all costs associated with the design and construction
     of permanent improvements to the Premises (and Property to the extent
     required by the City of Boulder,as described in subsection (C) below),
     and may use the TI Allowance towards payment of these hard and soft
     costs. Tenant shall provide Landlord with final invoices, lien
     releases and certificates of occupancy (if required) or other City of
     Boulder sign offs on a percent completion basis. Provided that no
     default by Tenant then exists, Landlord shall have thirty (30) days
     after receipt thereof to remit portions of the TI Allowance owed to
     Tenant, expect to the extant Landlord reasonably disputes the payment.
     Any unused portion of the TI Allowance will expire January 1, 2020.

     B.
     Construction Process; Design Costs. The terms and conditions stated in
     subsections (c) and (d) of Section 6 of Amendment Four shall govern
     use of TI allowance funds and construction, except as expressly
     modified by this Fifth Amendment. Landlord shall approve the Tenant
     plans and contractor prior to initiation of construction, work and
     otherwise subject to the terms for the Lease. In addition to oversight
     and approval rights, Landlord is entitled to conduct at its own
     expense, an independent structural review prior to commencement of
     demolition or construction work and take any additional steps or
     require reasonable modification of Tenant's  proposed plans to ensure
     that any proposed Tenant Improvement will not jeopardize the
     structural integrity of the Premises and Building. To the extent
     Landlord renders services on Tenant's behalf, Landlord shall charge a
     market rate-construction management fee for any services rendered. The
     preliminary revised space plan, with one revision, shall be provided
     at Landlord's sole cost and expense to Tenant (not as part of the TI
     Allowance).

------------------------------------------------------------------------





    C.
    City of Boulder Upgrade. Should Tenant's tenant improvement work
    trigger the City of Boulder to require additional work to the Premises
    or Property, as a condition to issuance of any permit Tenant must
    obtain to complete its tenant improvements, Tenant shall be solely
    responsible for the cost of such work regardless of whether such work
    relates to the scope of tenant improvement work contemplated by Tenant.
    Tenant shall inform Landlord of any additional required work the City
    of Boulder requires and shall coordinate the completion of such
    additional work with Landlord.

6.  Operating Expenses. Any cap on any component of the Operating Expenses 
established in Section 5 of the Fourth Amendment is lifted. The 2017 annual 
Operating Expenses are estimated to be $4.75 per rentable square foot, 
subject to change based upon actual cost.

7.  Successor in Interest.  Tenant acknowledges that the Landlord is the 
successor in interest to Borealis Medical, LLC and attorns to it as its 
Landlord.

8.  Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined in this Fifth Amendment, 
initially capitalized terms used herein have the same meaning given them in 
the Lease.

9.  Effect of the Fifth Amendment.  Except as expressly modified herein, 
the Lease is unmodified, is hereby ratified and affirmed, will remain in 
full force and effect in accordance with its terms and will apply to the 
Premises. This Lease shall be binding upon the parties. If there is any 
inconsistency between the terms of the Lease and the terms of this Fifth 
Amendment, the provisions of this Fifth Amendment will govern and control 
the rights and obligations of Landlord and Tenant.

10.  Broker.  Jason P. Kruse of the Colorado Group, Inc. is acting as 
Landlord's broker. Eric Brynestad of JLL is acting as Tenant's broker and 
shall be compensated a fee of three percent (3%) of the net lease value for 
any term (limited to five years) beyond July 31, 2019 (approximately 
$70,000.00). Tenant shall be responsible for any commissions to their agent 
in excess of the three percent Landlord and Tenant each warrant and 
represent to the other that neither party has employed any other real 
estate broker or agent in connection with this Lease. Each party agrees to 
indemnify and hold the other harmless from any loss or cost suffered or 
incurred by it as a result of the other's representation herein being 
inaccurate.

11. Counterparts, Facsimile Signature. This Fifth Amendment may be executed 
in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original 
and all such counterparts taken together will constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Fifth Amendment may be executed and delivered by one party 
to the other by facsimile  or e-mail (PDF) transmission, and counterparts 
executed and delivered in such manner will be fully binding and enforceable 
to the same effect as if an original had been executed and delivered 
instead.


------------------------------------------------------------------------






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:  11-14-17
  	
LANDLORD:
 
 
6797 Winchester, L.LC
A Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
By: GOTTSTEIN PROPERTIES, LLC
An Alaska Limited Liability Company
Its Sole Member
 
By:  /a/ Robert A. Mintz
Robert A. Mintz
Its:  Authorized Agent
 
  	  	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:  9 Nov 2017
  	
TENANT:
 
ENCISION, INC.
A Colorado Corporation
 
 
By:  /s/ Gregory J. Trudel
Gregory J. Trudel
President and CEO
 


 

------------------------------------------------------------------------