 EX-10.33 8 a2234485zex-10_33.htm EX-10.33
Exhibit 10.33
 
SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is made 
as of February [·], 2018, by and among CRG Partners III L.P., CRG Partners 
III - Parallel Fund A L.P., CRG Partners III  Parallel Fund B (Cayman) 
L.P. and CRG Partners III (Cayman) L.P. (together, CRG or the 
Purchasers, with each of the purchasing entities, a Purchaser) and 
Avinger, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).
 
WHEREAS, the Purchasers (or Affiliates thereof) and the Company have 
executed that certain non-binding term sheet, dated as of January 23, 2018 
(as the same may be amended or supplemented, the Term Sheet), whereby the 
parties agree that CRG shall convert a portion of its currently outstanding 
debt (including outstanding principal amounts, together with prepayment 
premium and back end fees payable in respect of such principal amounts, but 
excluding any accrued but unpaid interest thereon) in the amounts set forth 
on Schedule A hereto (the Conversion, with such converted amount, the 
Conversion Amount);
 
WHEREAS, as consideration for the Conversion, the Company shall issue to 
the Purchasers in a private placement offering (the Offering) the 
Companys Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the 
Preferred Stock), with the rights and preferences as set forth in that 
certain Certificate of Designation of the Company (the Series A 
Certificate of Designation) in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in 
the amounts set forth on Schedule A hereto (the Shares);
 
WHEREAS, the Offering is being made to accredited investors, as defined 
in Regulation D (Regulation D) as promulgated by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act in 
reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by 
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act); and
 
WHEREAS, prior to or contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, the parties hereto are executing and delivering (i) a 
Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit B (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which, among 
other things, the Company agrees to provide certain registration rights 
with respect to the shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 
(the Common Stock) issuable upon conversion of Preferred Shares (the 
Underlying Shares and together with the Shares, the Securities)) in 
accordance with their terms, and (ii) an Amendment No. 2 to Term Loan 
Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Loan Amendment), which 
modifies the terms of the Companys outstanding debt to CRG;
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the 
respective representations and warranties, covenants and agreements 
contained herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:
 
    1.                                      Purchase. The Purchasers hereby
    purchase the number of Shares in consideration for the Conversion,
    equal to the Conversion Amount divided by the Series A Offering Price
    (as defined below), subject to the terms and conditions of this
    Agreement and on the basis of the representations, warranties,
    covenants and agreements contained herein.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    2.                                      Closing; Delivery.
 
        (a)                                 Closing. The purchase and sale
        of the Shares shall take place simultaneously with the satisfaction
        of each of the conditions set forth in Section 7 and Section 8 (to
        the extent not waived in accordance therewith), at the offices of
        Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., 650 Page Mill Road, Palo
        Alto, California 94304, or such other time and place as is mutually
        agreed to by the Company and CRG (a Closing, and the date on
        which such Closing occurs hereinafter referred to as the Closing
        Date).
 
        (b)                                 Transaction Documents. On or
        before the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall review, complete and
        execute this Agreement and the Investor Certification attached
        hereto as Exhibit D, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Loan
        Amendment (collectively with the Series A Certificate of
        Designation, the Transaction Documents).
 
        (c)                                  Conversion. Immediately upon
        the Closing, the Conversion shall be effected.
 
    3.                                      Representations and Warranties
    of the Company. Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule
    delivered to the Purchasers concurrently with the execution of this
    Agreement, the Company hereby represents and warrants to each
    Purchaser, as of the Closing Date, the following:
 
        (a)                                 Organization and Qualification
        . The Company and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation or
        other business entity duly organized, validly existing and in good
        standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, and
        has the requisite corporate power to own its properties and to
        carry on its business as now being conducted. The Company and each
        of its subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to
        do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which
        the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification
        necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified
        or be in good standing would not have a material adverse effect on
        the assets, business, conditions (financial or otherwise), results
        of operations or future prospects of the Company and its
        subsidiaries taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Effect). Each
        subsidiary of the Company is identified on Schedule 3(a) attached
        hereto.
 
        (b)                                 Authorization, Enforcement,
        Compliance with Other Instruments.
 
      (i)                    The Company has the requisite corporate power
      and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
      Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and each of the other
      agreements and documents that are exhibits hereto or thereto or are
      contemplated hereby or thereby or necessary or desirable to effect
      the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby and to issue the
      Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof;
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      (ii)                   the execution and delivery by the Company of
      each of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the
      transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without
      limitation, the issuance of Securities, have been, or will be at the
      time of execution of such Transaction Document, duly authorized by
      the Companys Board of Directors, and no further consent or
      authorization is, or will be at the time of execution of such
      Transaction Document, required by the Company, its respective Board
      of Directors or its stockholders;
 
      (iii)                  each of the Transaction Documents will be duly
      executed and delivered by the Company; and
 
      (iv)                  the Transaction Documents when executed will
      constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company
      enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms,
      except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of
      equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
      moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting
      generally, the enforcement of creditors rights and remedies.
 
        (c)                                  Capitalization. The authorized
        capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of
        Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock. All of the
        outstanding shares of Common Stock and of the stock of each of the
        Companys subsidiaries have been duly authorized, validly issued
        and are fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens.
        The Underlying Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Preferred
        Stock have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
        and when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of this
        Agreement and as set forth in the Series A Certificate of
        Designation, such shares will be validly issued and outstanding,
        fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens and the
        holders shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of
        Common Stock. Immediately after giving effect to the Closing, the
        pro forma outstanding capitalization of the Company will be as set
        forth under Pro Forma Capitalization in Schedule 3(c). After
        giving effect to the Closing:
 
      (i)                  no shares of capital stock of the Company or any
      of its subsidiaries will be subject to preemptive rights or any other
      similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by
      the Company;
 
      (ii)                   except as set forth on Schedule 3(c)(ii) there
      will be no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe
      to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
      securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of
      the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments,
      understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its
      subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of
      capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;
 
      (iii)                  all of the shares of capital stock set forth
      on Schedule 3(c) under Pro Forma Capitalization shall have the
      rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions set forth in the
      Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as in effect as of the date
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      hereof (the Certificate of Incorporation), as amended by the Series
      A Certificate of Designation and by that certain Certificate of
      Designation of the Company setting forth the rights and preferences
      of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B
      Certificate of Designation), in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
      E.
 
      (iv)                  there will be no outstanding debt securities
      other than indebtedness as set forth in Schedule 3(c)(iii);
 
      (v)                   other than pursuant to the Registration Rights
      Agreement or as set forth in Schedule 3(c)(iv), there will be no
      agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its
      subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their
      securities under the Securities Act;
 
      (vi)                  there will be no outstanding registration
      statements, and there will be no outstanding comment letters from the
      SEC or any other regulatory agency;
 
      (vii)                 except as provided in this Agreement or as set
      forth in Schedule 3(c)(vi), there will be no securities or
      instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions, including
      the right to adjust the exercise, exchange or reset price under such
      securities, that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities;
      and
 
      (viii)                no co-sale right, right of first refusal or
      other similar right will exist with respect to the Securities or the
      issuance and sale thereof. Upon request, the Company will make
      available to the Purchasers true and correct copies of the Companys
      Certificate of Incorporation and the Companys Bylaws, as in effect
      as of the date hereof (the Bylaws), and the terms of all securities
      exercisable for Common Stock or other capital stock of the Company
      and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto
      other than stock options issued to officers, directors, employees and
      consultants.
 
        (d)                                 Issuance of Shares. The Shares
        are duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms
        hereof, shall be duly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and are
        free and clear from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to
        the issue thereof. Any Underlying Shares will have been duly
        authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the
        Shares into shares of Common Stock, will be validly issued, fully
        paid and nonassessable, and are free and clear from all taxes,
        liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof.
 
        (e)                                  No Conflicts. The execution,
        delivery and performance of each of the Transaction Documents by
        the Company, and the consummation by the Company of the
        transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in
        a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (or
        equivalent constitutive document) of the Company or any of its
        subsidiaries or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a
        breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event
        which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
        under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
        acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or
        instrument to which the Company or any subsidiary is a party,
        except for those which would not reasonably be expected to have a
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) result in a material violation of
        any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
        U.S. federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable
        to the Company or any subsidiary or by which any property or asset
        of the Company or any subsidiary is bound or affected. Neither the
        Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any term of
        or in default under its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or any
        other constitutive documents. Except for those violations or
        defaults which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
        Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any subsidiary is in
        violation of any term of or in default under any contract,
        agreement, mortgage, indebtedness, indenture, instrument, judgment,
        decree or order or any statute, rule or regulation applicable to
        the Company or any subsidiary. The business of the Company and its
        subsidiaries is not being conducted, and shall not be conducted in
        violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
        entity, except for any violation which would not reasonably be
        expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
        Adverse Effect. Except as specifically contemplated by this
        Agreement and as required under the Securities Act and any
        applicable state securities laws and the rules of the Principal
        Market, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is required
        to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any
        filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in
        order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations
        under or contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction
        Documents in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. Except as
        set forth on Schedule 3(e), neither the execution and delivery by
        the Company of the Transaction Documents, nor the consummation by
        the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,
        will require any notice, consent or waiver under any contract or
        instrument to which the Company or any subsidiary is a party or by
        which the Company or any subsidiary is bound or to which any of
        their assets is subject. The Company is unaware of any facts or
        circumstance, which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
 
        (f)                                   Absence of Litigation. Except
        as set forth on Schedule 3(f), there is no action, suit, claim,
        inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding (including any partial
        proceeding such as a deposition) or investigation before or by any
        court, public board, governmental or administrative agency,
        self-regulatory organization, arbitrator, regulatory authority,
        stock market, stock exchange or trading facility (an Action) now
        pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or
        affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries. For the purpose
        of this Agreement, the knowledge of the Company means the knowledge
        of the officers of the Company (both actual or knowledge that they
        would have had upon reasonable investigation).
 
        (g)                                  Acknowledgment Regarding
        Purchasers Purchase of the Shares. The Company acknowledges and
        agrees that each Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an
        arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents
        and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
 
        (h)                                 No General Solicitation.
        Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor, to the
        knowledge of the Company, any person acting on its or their behalf,
        has
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising
        (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer
        or sale of the Shares. With respect to a Purchaser, any investment
        fund or managed account that is managed on a discretionary basis by
        the same investment manager as such Purchaser will be deemed to be
        an Affiliate of such Purchaser. For purposes of this Agreement, 
        Affiliate means, with respect to any person, any other person
        that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
        controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such
        person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144
        under the Securities Act (Rule 144).
 
        (i)                                     No Integrated Offering.
        Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor to the
        knowledge of the Company, any person acting on its or their behalf
        has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any
        security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under
        circumstances that would require registration of the Shares under
        the Securities Act or cause this offering of the Shares to be
        integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the
        Securities Act.
 
        (j)                                    Employee Relations. Neither
        Company nor any subsidiary is involved in any labor dispute nor, to
        the knowledge of the Company, is any such dispute threatened.
        Neither Company nor any subsidiary is party to any collective
        bargaining agreement. The Companys and/or its subsidiaries
        employees are not members of any union, and the Company believes
        that its and its subsidiaries relationship with their respective
        employees is good.
 
        (k)                                 Intellectual Property Rights.
        Except as set forth on Schedule 3(k), the Company and each of its
        subsidiaries owns, possesses, or has rights to, all Intellectual
        Property necessary for the conduct of the Companys and its
        subsidiaries business as now conducted, except as such failure to
        own, possess or have such rights would not reasonably be expected
        to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) there are no
        unreleased liens or security interests which have been filed, or
        which the Company has received notice of, against any of the
        patents owned or licenses to the Company. Furthermore, (A) to the
        Companys knowledge, there is no infringement, misappropriation or
        violation by third parties of any such Intellectual Property,
        except as such infringement, misappropriation or violation would
        not result in a Material Adverse Effect; (B) there is no pending
        or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, action, suit,
        proceeding or claim by others challenging the Companys or any of
        its subsidiaries rights in or to any such Intellectual Property,
        and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a
        reasonable basis for any such claim; (C) the Intellectual Property
        owned by the Company and its subsidiaries, and to the Companys
        knowledge, the Intellectual Property licensed to the Company and
        its subsidiaries, has not been adjudged invalid or unenforceable,
        in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys
        knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others
        challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any such
        Intellectual Property, and, to the Companys knowledge, there are
        no facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim;
        (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
        action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company or any
        of its subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates or otherwise
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        violates any Intellectual Property or other proprietary rights of
        others, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
        received any notice of such claim and, to the Companys knowledge,
        there are no other facts which would form a reasonable basis for
        any such claim, except for any action, suit, proceeding or claim as
        would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
        and (E) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company or
        any of its subsidiaries is in or has ever been in violation of any
        term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement,
        invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement,
        non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any
        restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis
        of such violation relates to such employees employment with the
        Company or any of its subsidiaries or actions undertaken by the
        employee while employed with the Company or any of its
        subsidiaries, except as such violation would not reasonably be
        expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as would not
        reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (A) the
        Company and its subsidiaries have disclosed to the U.S. Patent and
        Trademark Office (USPTO) all information known to the Company to be
        relevant to the patentability of its inventions in accordance with
        37 C.F.R. Section 1.56, and (B) neither the Company nor any of its
        subsidiaries made any misrepresentation or concealed any
        information from the USPTO in any of the patents or patent
        applications owned or licensed to the Company, or in connection
        with the prosecution thereof, in violation of 37 C.F.R. Section
        1.56. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
        Adverse Effect and to the Companys knowledge, (A) there are no
        facts that are reasonably likely to provide a basis for a finding
        that the Company or any of its subsidiaries does not have clear
        title or valid license or sublicense rights to the patents or
        patent applications owned or licensed to the Company or other
        proprietary information rights as being owned by, or licensed or
        sublicensed to, as the case may be, the Company or any of its
        subsidiaries, (B) no valid issued U.S. patent is or would be
        infringed by the activities of the Company or any of its
        subsidiaries relating to products currently or proposed to be
        manufactured, used or sold by the Company or any of its
        subsidiaries and (C) there are no facts with respect to any issued
        patent owned or licensed to the Company that would cause any claim
        of any such patent not to be valid and enforceable in accordance
        with applicable regulations. Intellectual Property shall mean all
        patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and
        service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses,
        inventions, trade secrets, domain names, technology and know-how.
 
        (l)                                     Environmental Laws.
 
      (i)                    The Company and each subsidiary has complied
      with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below), except for
      violations of Environmental Laws that, individually or in the
      aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have
      a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending or, to the knowledge
      of the Company, threatened civil or criminal litigation, notice of
      violation, formal administrative proceeding, or investigation,
      inquiry or information request, relating to any Environmental Law
      involving the Company or any subsidiary, except for
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      litigation, notices of violations, formal administrative proceedings
      or investigations, inquiries or information requests that,
      individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not
      reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. For
      purposes of this Agreement, Environmental Law means any national,
      state, provincial or local law, statute, rule or regulation or the
      common law relating to the environment or occupational health and
      safety, including without limitation any statute, regulation,
      administrative decision or order pertaining to (i) treatment,
      storage, disposal, generation and transportation of industrial, toxic
      or hazardous materials or substances or solid or hazardous waste;
      (ii) air, water and noise pollution; (iii) groundwater and soil
      contamination; (iv) the release or threatened release into the
      environment of industrial, toxic or hazardous materials or
      substances, or solid or hazardous waste, including without limitation
      emissions, discharges, injections, spills, escapes or dumping of
      pollutants, contaminants or chemicals; (v) the protection of wild
      life, marine life and wetlands, including without limitation all
      endangered and threatened species; (vi) storage tanks, vessels,
      containers, abandoned or discarded barrels, and other closed
      receptacles; (vii) health and safety of employees and other persons;
      and (viii) manufacturing, processing, using, distributing, treating,
      storing, disposing, transporting or handling of materials regulated
      under any law as pollutants, contaminants, toxic or hazardous
      materials or substances or oil or petroleum products or solid or
      hazardous waste. As used above, the terms release and environment
      shall have the meaning set forth in the Comprehensive Environmental
      Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended.
 
      (ii)                   To the knowledge of the Company, there is no
      material environmental liability with respect to any solid or
      hazardous waste transporter or treatment, storage or disposal
      facility that has been used by the Company or any subsidiary.
 
      (iii)                  The Company and its subsidiaries (i) have
      received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them
      under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
      businesses except to the extent that the failure to have such
      permits, licenses or other approvals would not have a Material
      Adverse Effect, and (ii) are in compliance, in all material respects,
      with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or
      approval.
 
        (m)                             Authorizations; Regulatory
        Compliance. The Company and each of its subsidiaries holds, and is
        operating in compliance with, all authorizations, licenses,
        permits, approvals, clearances, registrations, exemptions,
        consents, certificates and orders of any governmental authority and
        supplements and amendments thereto (collectively, Authorizations
        ) required for the conduct of its business and all such
        Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and neither
        the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in material violation of
        any terms of any such Authorizations, except, in each case, as
        would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
        and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received
        notice of any revocation or modification of any such Authorization,
        or has reason to believe that any such Authorization will not be
        renewed in the ordinary course, except to the extent that any such
        revocation, modification, or non-renewal would not be reasonably
        expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each of
        its subsidiaries is in
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign
        laws, regulations, orders and decrees, except as would not
        reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither
        the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any unresolved
        FDA Form 483, notice of adverse filing, warning letter, untitled
        letter or other correspondence or notice from the U.S. Food and
        Drug Administration (FDA), or any other federal, state, local, or
        foreign governmental or regulatory authority, alleging or asserting
        noncompliance with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21
        U.S.C. § 301 et seq.) or comparable applicable law. The Company and
        each of its subsidiaries, and to the Companys knowledge, each of
        their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, is and
        has been in material compliance with applicable health care laws,
        including, to the extent applicable, without limitation, the
        Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. § 301 et seq.), the
        federal Anti-kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b(b)), the civil
        False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. § 3729 et seq.), the criminal False
        Claims Law (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b(a)), the Civil Monetary Penalties
        Law (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7a), the Health Insurance Portability and
        Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. § 1320d et seq.), as amended
        by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
        Health Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. § 17921 et seq.), the exclusion laws
        (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7), Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security
        Act), Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act), and the
        Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by
        the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of
        2010, including without limitation the Physician Payments Sunshine
        Act (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7h), and the regulations promulgated
        pursuant to such laws, and comparable state laws (collectively, 
        Health Care Laws). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
        has received notice of any ongoing claim, action, suit, proceeding,
        hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action
        from any Governmental Authority or third party alleging that any
        product operation or activity is in material violation of any
        Health Care Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any
        such Governmental Authority or third party is considering any such
        claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or
        proceeding. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
        received notice that any governmental authority has taken, is
        taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or
        revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such
        governmental authority is considering such action. The Company and
        each of its subsidiaries has filed, obtained, maintained or
        submitted all reports, documents, forms, notices, applications,
        records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments thereto
        as required by any Health Care Laws or Authorizations and that all
        such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records,
        claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete,
        correct and not misleading on the date filed (or were corrected or
        supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor
        any of its subsidiaries has, either voluntarily or involuntarily,
        initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to be initiated,
        conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement,
        safety alert, post sale warning, dear doctor letter, or other
        notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy
        of any product or any alleged product defect or violation and, to
        the Companys knowledge, no third party has
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        initiated or conducted any such notice or action. Neither the
        Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any corporate
        integrity agreement, deferred prosecution agreement, monitoring
        agreement, consent decree, settlement order, or similar agreements,
        or has any reporting obligations pursuant to any such agreement,
        plan or correction or other remedial measure entered into with any
        Governmental Authority. Neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor
        their officers, directors, employees, agents or contractors has
        been or is currently suspended, disbarred or excluded from
        participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs or any other
        state or federal health care program or in human clinical research.
 
        (n)                                 Title. Neither the Company nor
        any of its subsidiaries owns any real property. Except as set forth
        on Schedule 3(n), each of the Company and its subsidiaries has good
        and marketable title to all of its personal property and assets,
        free and clear of any restriction, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge,
        lien, security interest or other charge, claim or encumbrance which
        would have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on
        Schedule 3(n), with respect to properties and assets it leases,
        each of the Company and its subsidiaries is in compliance with such
        leases and holds a valid leasehold interest free of any liens,
        claims or encumbrances which would have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
        (o)                                 No Material Restrictions,
        Breaches, etc. Neither Company nor any subsidiary is subject to any
        charter, corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment,
        decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the
        Companys officers has had, or is reasonably expected in the future
        to have, a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Company nor any
        subsidiary is in breach of any contract or agreement which breach,
        in the judgment of the Companys officers, has had, or is
        reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
        (p)                                 Tax Status. The Company and
        each subsidiary has made and filed (taking into account any valid
        extensions) all federal and state income and all other tax returns,
        reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it
        is subject and (unless and only to the extent that the Company or
        such subsidiary has set aside on its books provisions reasonably
        adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) has
        paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that
        are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
        returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in
        good faith and has set aside on its books provision reasonably
        adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the
        periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. To
        the knowledge of the Company, there are no unpaid taxes in any
        material amount claimed to be due from the Company or any
        subsidiary by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the
        officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.
 
        (q)                                 Certain Transactions. Except
        for arms length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any
        subsidiary makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon
        terms no less favorable than it could obtain from third parties,
        none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company or any
        subsidiary is a party to any transaction with the Company or any
        subsidiary (other than for services as
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
         
        employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
        agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of
        services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
        property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
        officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the
        Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in
        which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
        interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.
 
        (r)                                    Rights of First Refusal.
        Except as set forth on Schedule 3(c)(i) or Schedule 3(r), the
        Company is not obligated to offer the securities offered hereunder
        on a right of first refusal basis or otherwise to any third parties
        including, but not limited to, current or former stockholders of
        the Company, underwriters, brokers, agents or other third parties.
 
        (s)                                   Insurance. The Company has
        insurance policies of the type and in amounts customarily carried
        by organizations conducting businesses or owning assets similar to
        those of the Company and its subsidiaries. There is no material
        claim pending under any such policy as to which coverage has been
        questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriter of such policy.
 
        (t)                                    SEC Reports. The Company has
        filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
        required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange
        Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), including pursuant to
        Section 15(d) thereof (or that it would have been required to file
        by Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if its duty to file thereunder
        had not been automatically suspended) (collectively, the SEC
        Reports) for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such
        shorter period since the Company was first required by law or
        regulation to file such material).
 
        (u)                                 Financial Statements. The
        financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports
        comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
        requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
        thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
        statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a
        consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be
        otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes
        thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not
        contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all
        material respects the financial position of the Company and its
        consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole as of and for the dates
        thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the
        periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
        to normal, year-end audit adjustments. The pro forma financial
        information and the related notes, if any, included in the SEC
        Reports have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance with
        the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the
        regulations promulgated thereunder and fairly present in all
        material respects the information shown therein, and the
        assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the
        adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the
        transactions and circumstances referred to therein.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (v)                                 Material Changes. Since the
        respective date of the latest balance sheet of the Company included
        in the financial statements contained within the SEC Reports,
        except as specifically disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there have
        been no events, occurrences or developments that have had or would
        reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with
        respect to the Company, (ii) the Company has not incurred any
        material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade
        payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities incurred in the
        ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B)
        liabilities not required to be reflected in the financial
        statements of the Company pursuant to GAAP or to be disclosed in
        filings made with the SEC, (iii) the Company has not materially
        altered its method of accounting or the manner in which it keeps
        its accounting books and records, (iv) the Company has not declared
        or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to
        its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to
        purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock (other than in
        connection with repurchases of unvested stock issued to employees
        of the Company), (v) the Company has not issued any equity
        securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except Common
        Stock issued in the ordinary course pursuant to existing Company
        stock option or stock purchase plans or executive and director
        corporate arrangements disclosed in the SEC Reports, (vi) there has
        not been any change or amendment to, or any waiver of any material
        right under, any material contract under which the Company, or any
        of its assets are bound or subject, and (vii) except for the
        issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no
        event, liability or development has occurred or exists with respect
        to the Company, its businesses, properties, operations or financial
        condition, as applicable, that would be required to be disclosed by
        the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this
        representation is made that has not been publicly disclosed in the
        SEC Reports.
 
        (w)                               Transactions With Affiliates and
        Employees. None of the officers or directors of the Company and, to
        the Companys knowledge, none of the employees of the Company, is a
        party to any transaction with the Company or to a transaction
        contemplated by the Company (other than for services as employees,
        officers and directors) that would be required to be disclosed by
        the Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
        under the Securities Act, except as contemplated by the Transaction
        Documents or set forth in the SEC Reports.
 
        (x)                                 Listing and Maintenance
        Requirements.  The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section
        12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action
        designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under
        the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that
        the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as
        set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the previous
        twelve (12) months, received (i) written notice from the Nasdaq
        Global Market (or such other market or exchange on which the Common
        Stock is then listed or traded) (the Principal Market) that the
        Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
        requirements of Principal Market that would result in immediate
        delisting or (ii) any notification, Staff Delisting Determination,
        or Public Reprimand Letter (as
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        such terms are defined in applicable listing rules of the Principal
        Market) that requires a public announcement by the Company of any
        noncompliance or deficiency with respect to such listing or
        maintenance requirements. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports,
        the Company is in compliance with all listing and maintenance
        requirements of the Principal Market on the date hereof.
 
        (y)                                 Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is
        in compliance in all material respects with all of the provisions
        of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which are applicable to it.
 
        (z)                                  Disclosure Controls. The
        Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and
        procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the
        Exchange Act) and such controls and procedures are effective in
        ensuring that material information relating to the Company,
        including its subsidiaries, is made known to the principal
        executive officer and the principal financial officer.
 
        (aa)                          Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. There
        is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the
        Company and an unconsolidated or other off-balance sheet entity
        that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its SEC Reports
        (including, for purposes hereof, any that are required to be
        disclosed in a Form 10) and is not so disclosed or that otherwise
        would have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
        (bb)                          Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither
        the Company and its subsidiaries, nor to the Companys knowledge,
        any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company and its
        subsidiaries, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for
        unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
        expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii)
        made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government
        officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political
        parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose
        fully any contribution made by the Company (or made by any person
        acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in
        violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any
        provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
        (cc)                            Brokers Fees. Neither of the
        Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability or obligation
        to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, finder or agent with
        respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
        (dd)                          Disclosure Materials. The SEC Reports
        and the Disclosure Materials taken as a whole do not contain an
        untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
        fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
        statements therein not misleading.
 
        (ee)                            Investment Company. The Company is
        not required to be registered as, and is not an Affiliate of, and
        immediately following the Closing will not be required to register
        as, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
        Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (ff)                              Reliance. The Company
        acknowledges that the Purchaser is relying on the representations
        and warranties made by the Company hereunder and that such
        representations and warranties are a material inducement to the
        Purchaser purchasing the Shares. The Company further acknowledges
        that without such representations and warranties of the Company
        made hereunder, the Purchasers would not enter into this Agreement.
 
        (gg)                            U.S. Real Property Holding
        Corporation. The Company is not now and has never been at any point
        since January 1, 2013 a United States real property holding
        corporation as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
        amended (the Code), and any applicable regulations promulgated
        thereunder.
 
    4.                                      Representations, Warranties and
    Agreements of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser represents and warrants
    to, and agrees with, the Company the following:
 
        (a)                                 Organization; Authority.  Such
        Purchaser is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly
        existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
        its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate,
        partnership, limited liability company or similar power and
        authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
        contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its
        obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
        performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated
        hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
        partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as
        applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. This Agreement has been
        duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such
        Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the
        valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable
        against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by
        general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
        reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
        affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as
        limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
        performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
        (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be
        limited by applicable law.
 
        (b)                                 Own Account. Such Purchaser
        understands that the Securities are restricted securities and
        have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable
        state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal
        for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
        reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the
        Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no
        present intention of distributing any of such Securities in
        violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
        law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings
        with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution
        of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any
        applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
        not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant
        to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with
        applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is
        acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its
        business.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (c)                                  Purchaser Status. At the time
        such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the
        date hereof it is, and on each date on which it converts any
        Shares, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined
        in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the
        Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined
        in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.
 
        (d)                                 Experience of Such Purchaser.
        Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives,
        has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and
        financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
        risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so
        evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser
        is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
        Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete
        loss of such investment. Such Purchaser and its advisors, if any,
        have been furnished with all materials relating to the business,
        financial condition and results of operations of the Company, and
        materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities, that
        have been requested by such Purchaser or its advisors, if any. Such
        Purchaser acknowledges and understands that its investment in the
        Securities involves a significant degree of risk.
 
        (e)                                  General Solicitation. Such
        Purchaser is not purchasing the Shares as a result of any
        advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the
        Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or
        broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or,
        to such Purchasers knowledge, any other general solicitation or
        general advertisement.
 
        (f)                                   Access to Information. Such
        Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review
        the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules
        thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the
        opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of,
        and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company
        concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares
        and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to
        information about the Company and its financial condition, results
        of operations, business, properties, management and prospects
        sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
        opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company
        possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense
        that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with
        respect to the investment.
 
        (g)                                  Certain Transactions and
        Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions
        contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not directly or
        indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to
        any understanding with such Purchaser, executed any purchases or
        sales, including Short Sales (as defined below), of the securities
        of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that
        such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from
        the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting
        forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder
        and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof.
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a
        multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
        assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the
        investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other
        portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth
        above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets
        managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision
        to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement. Other than to
        other persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers
        representatives (including, without limitation, its officers,
        directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents
        and affiliates), bound by a duty of confidentiality to such
        Purchaser and whom such Purchaser has taken reasonable actions to
        cause them to maintain such confidentiality, such Purchaser has
        maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in
        connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms
        of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the
        avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
        representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
        to the identification of the availability of, or securing of,
        available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or
        similar transactions in the future. For purposes of this Agreement,
        Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of
        Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to
        include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of
        Common Stock).
 
        (h)                                 No Governmental Review. Such
        Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency
        or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or
        made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the
        fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor
        have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the
        offering of the Securities.
 
        (i)                                     No Conflicts. The
        execution, delivery and performance by such Purchaser of this
        Agreement and the consummation by such Purchaser of the
        transactions contemplated hereby will not (i) result in a violation
        of the organizational documents of such Purchaser or (ii) conflict
        with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or
        lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to
        others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
        cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which
        such Purchaser is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any
        law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal
        and state securities laws) applicable to such Purchaser, except in
        the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such that are not
        material and do not otherwise affect the ability of such Purchaser
        to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
        (j)                                    No Legal, Tax or Investment
        Advice. Such Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement
        or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to
        the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Shares
        constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Such Purchaser has
        consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its
        sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection
        with its purchase of the Shares.
 
    5.                                      Transfer Restrictions. The
    Purchaser acknowledges and agrees as follows:
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (a)                                 Neither the Shares nor the
        Underlying Shares have been registered for sale under the
        Securities Act, in reliance on the private offering exemption in
        Section 4(a)(2) thereof; other than as expressly provided in the
        Registration Rights Agreement, the Company does not currently
        intend to register the Shares under the Securities Act at any time
        in the future; and the undersigned will not immediately be entitled
        to the benefits of Rule 144 with respect to the Shares or the
        Underlying Shares.
 
        (b)                                 The Purchaser understands that
        there are substantial restrictions on the transferability of the
        Securities that the certificates representing the Securities shall
        bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and
        a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such
        certificates or other instruments):
 
        THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
        REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
        SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND NEITHER SUCH
        SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED,
        ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A REGISTRATION
        STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES
        ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR (2) AN EXEMPTION
        FROM SUCH REGISTRATION EXISTS AND THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION
        OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH
        SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED
        IN THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
        STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
        LAWS.
 
        THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN
        RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND A LOCK-UP PERIOD IN THE EVENT OF A
        PUBLIC OFFERING AS SET FORTH IN THE SERIES A PURCHASE AGREEMENT
        BETWEEN THE ISSUER AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THESE SHARES, A COPY
        OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER.
        SUCH TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS AND LOCK-UP PERIOD ARE BINDING ON
        TRANSFEREES OF THESE SHARES.
 
        In addition, if any Purchaser is an Affiliate of the Company,
        certificates evidencing the Securities issued to such Purchaser
        shall bear a customary Affiliates legend.
 
        The first paragraph of the legend set forth above shall be removed
        and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to
        the holder of the Securities upon which it is stamped, if (a) such
        Securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement under the
        Securities Act, or (b) such holder delivers to the Company an
        opinion of counsel, reasonably acceptable to the Company, that a
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        disposition of the Securities is being made pursuant to an
        exemption from such registration and that the Securities, after
        such transfer, shall no longer be restricted securities within
        the meaning of Rule 144.
 
    6.                                      Covenants and Other Rights.
 
        (a)                                 Listing of Common Stock. The
        Company shall promptly secure the listing of the Underlying Shares
        upon each national securities exchange and automated quotation
        system that requires an application by the Company for listing, if
        any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to
        official notice of issuance) and shall maintain such listing, so
        long as any other shares of Common Stock shall be so listed. The
        Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the
        Common Stocks listing on the Principal Market. Neither the Company
        nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action that would be
        reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the
        Common Stock on the Principal Market, unless the Common Stock is
        immediately thereafter traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the
        NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global
        Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company shall pay all
        fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations
        under this Section 6(a).
 
        (b)                                 Stockholder Approval.  As
        promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of this
        Agreement, and in any event no later than May 15, 2018, the Company
        shall prepare and file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement on
        Schedule 14A (as amended or supplemented from time to time, such
        definitive proxy statement the Proxy Statement) and hold a
        meeting of its stockholders no later than June 30, 2018, to obtain
        the approval of its stockholders of the issuance of the Underlying
        Shares upon conversion of the Shares, and such other stockholder
        approvals as may be required under the rules and regulations of
        Nasdaq (such approvals, the Stockholder Approval). The Company
        shall cause the Proxy Statement to comply as to form in all
        material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
        rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each of the Company
        and Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to respond as
        promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments of the SEC with
        respect to the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement shall include a
        recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that the
        Companys stockholders vote in favor of the issuance of the
        Underlying Shares.  The Company shall promptly notify the
        Purchasers in writing upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC
        or its staff or any request from the SEC or its staff for
        amendments or supplements to any preliminary proxy statement filed
        prior to the Proxy Statement or on the Proxy Statement and shall
        promptly provide the Purchasers with a copy of all written
        correspondence between the Company or any representatives of the
        Company, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff, on the other
        hand, with regard to the such materials. The Company shall give the
        Purchasers and their counsel a reasonable opportunity to review and
        comment on any preliminary proxy statement and the Proxy Statement,
        including all amendments and supplements thereto, prior to filing
        such documents with the SEC.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (c)                                  Market Standstill.  Each
        Purchaser hereby agrees not to offer, sell, contract to sell,
        pledge or otherwise dispose of, (or enter into any transaction that
        is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the
        disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic
        disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by such Purchaser
        or any affiliate of such Purchaser or any person in privity with
        such Purchaser or any affiliate of such Purchaser), directly or
        indirectly, including the filing (or participation in the filing)
        of a registration statement with the SEC in respect of, or
        establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or
        decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section
        16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
        promulgated thereunder with respect to, any shares of capital stock
        of the Company or any securities convertible into, or exercisable
        or exchangeable for such capital stock, or publicly announce an
        intention to effect any such transaction, until one (1) year after
        the date of the underwriting agreement for the Public Offering (as
        defined below) (the Lock-Up Period), other than: (i) transactions
        relating to shares of Common Stock or other securities acquired in
        the Public Offering or in open market transactions after the
        completion of the Public Offering; (ii) transfers of shares of
        Common Stock or any security convertible into Common Stock as a
        bona fide gift or charitable contribution; (iii) conversion of the
        Preferred Stock into Common Stock; (iv) transfers of Common Stock
        or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock to
        any affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the
        Securities Act, as amended), limited partners, general partners,
        limited liability company members or stockholders of such
        Purchaser, or to any wholly owned subsidiary of such Purchaser,
        provided that in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant
        to this clause (iv) the recipient agrees to be bound in writing by
        the same restrictions set forth herein for the duration of the
        Lock-Up Period and any such transfer shall not involve a
        disposition for value; (v) transfers pursuant to a bona fide third
        party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar
        transaction made to all holders of the Companys securities
        involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company
        occurring after the consummation of the Public Offering that has
        been approved by the board of directors of the Company; provided,
        that if the tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such
        transaction is not completed, the securities shall remain subject
        to the restrictions contained in this Section 6(c) agreement; and
        (vi) transfers of the Preferred Stock or Underlying Shares in
        connection with any transfer by Purchaser of its interests in the
        loans under the Loan Agreement, as such may be amended from time to
        time, and provided that in the case of any transfer or distribution
        pursuant to this clause (vi) the recipient agrees to be bound in
        writing by the same restrictions set forth herein for the duration
        of the Lock-Up Period. The foregoing provisions shall apply only if
        all officers and directors of the Company are subject to the same
        restrictions and the Company uses commercially reasonable efforts
        to obtain a similar agreement from all stockholders individually
        owning more than five percent (5%) of the Companys outstanding
        Common Stock. Any discretionary waiver or termination of the
        restrictions of any or all of such agreements by the Company or the
        underwriters shall apply pro rata to all Purchasers subject to such
        agreements, based on the number of shares subject to such
        agreements.  For purposes of this Section 6(c), change of control
        means
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        the consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger,
        consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is
        that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
        Act), or group of persons, other than the Company, becomes the
        beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the
        Exchange Act) of more than 50% of total voting power of the voting
        stock of the Company.
 
        (d)                                 Tax Treatment of Preferred
        Stock.  The Company covenants and agrees that, unless required
        pursuant to a final determination (within the meaning of Section
        1313 of the Code, (i) the Preferred Stock constitutes stock that
        participates in corporate growth to a significant extent within the
        meaning of Section 1.305-5(a) of the Treasury Regulations and
        therefore shall not be treated as preferred stock for purposes of
        Section 305 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder,
        and (ii) for U.S. federal and applicable state income and
        withholding tax purposes no dividends shall be treated as having
        been paid with respect to the Preferred Stock unless and until paid
        in cash with respect to the Preferred Stock. Each of the parties
        hereto shall file all tax returns and determine all taxes
        consistent with such treatment and shall not take any action that
        is inconsistent with such treatment unless otherwise required by a
        final determination (within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the
        Code).
 
    7.                                      Conditions to Companys
    Obligations at Closing. The Companys obligation to complete the sale
    and issuance of the Shares and deliver the Shares to each Purchaser,
    individually shall be subject to the following conditions to the extent
    not waived by the Company:
 
        (a)                                 Representations and Warranties
        . The representations and warranties made by the Purchasers in
        Section 4 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects
        when made, and shall be true and correct in all material respects
        on the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if they had
        been made on and as of said date.
 
        (b)                                 Performance. Each Purchaser
        shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and
        covenants herein required to be performed by them on or prior to
        such Closing Date.
 
        (c)                                  Receipt of Executed Documents
        . Each Purchaser shall have executed and delivered to the Company
        each of the Transaction Documents that requires its signature.
 
    8.                                      Conditions to Purchasers
    Obligations at Closing. Each Purchasers obligation to accept delivery
    of the Shares and to effect the Conversion shall be subject to the
    following conditions to the extent not waived by CRG:
 
        (a)                                 Representations and Warranties
        Correct. The representations and warranties made by the Company in
        Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects
        (except to the extent any such representation and warranty is
        qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect,
        in which case, such
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
         
        representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all
        respects as so qualified) as of, and as if made on, the date of
        this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent any
        such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier
        date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true
        and correct as of such earlier date.
 
        (b)                                 Performance. The Company shall
        have performed in all material respects all obligations and
        covenants herein required to be performed by it on or prior to such
        Closing Date.
 
        (c)                                  Receipt of Executed
        Transaction Documents. (i) The Company shall have executed and
        delivered to the Purchasers each of the Transaction Documents, and
        (ii) CRG shall have executed and delivered to the Company each of
        the Transaction Documents that require its signature.
 
        (d)                                 Certificate. The Chief
        Executive Officer of the Company shall execute and deliver to the
        Purchasers to the effect that the representations and warranties of
        the Company in Section 3 hereof are true and correct (except to the
        extent any such representation and warranty is qualified by
        materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, in which case,
        such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all
        respects as so qualified) as of, and as if made on, the date of
        this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and that the Company has
        satisfied in all material respects all of the conditions set forth
        in this Section 8.
 
        (e)                                  Opinion.  Purchasers shall
        have received any opinions of the Companys counsel that are
        requested by Purchaser, dated as of the Closing Date, in a form
        reasonably satisfactory to Purchasers.
 
        (f)                                   Good Standing. The Company
        and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation or other business
        entity duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
        the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation.
 
        (g)                                  Judgments. No judgment, writ,
        order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge,
        justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court or judge, or
        any order of or by any governmental authority, shall have been
        issued, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted by
        any governmental authority, enjoining or preventing the
        consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
        (h)                                 No Suspension. No suspension of
        trading shall have been imposed by the Nasdaq Capital Market, the
        SEC or any other governmental regulatory body with respect to
        public trading in the Common Stock.
 
        (i)                                     Public Offering. The
        Company shall contemporaneously close an underwritten public
        offering of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and warrants
        with gross equity proceeds of at least $15,000,000, as set forth in
        the Form S-1 File No.: 333-222517, or such other amount or equity
        financing satisfactory to CRG (the Public Offering). The lower of
        (a) the closing price per share of the
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Common Stock on the day of pricing the Public Offering and (b) the
        initial conversion price of the Series B Convertible Preferred
        Stock is referred to as the Offering Date Price and the price per
        share of the Preferred Stock shall equal [·] times the Offering
        Date Price is referred to as the Series A Offering Price.
 
        (j)                                    Series A Certificate of
        Designation. The Company shall have filed the Series A Certificate
        of Designation with the State of Delaware.
 
        (k)                                 Nasdaq LAS. The Company shall
        have provided the Purchasers with a written confirmation from the
        Principal Market that the staff of the Principal Market shall have
        completed its review of the Listing of Additional Shares
        Notification form submitted by the Company in connection with the
        transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other
        Transaction Documents (the Listing of Additional Shares Form).
 
    9.                                      Indemnification.
 
        (a)                                 The Company agrees to indemnify
        and hold harmless each Purchaser, and its directors, officers,
        shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any
        other persons with a functionally equivalent role of a person
        holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any
        other title), each person who controls such Purchaser (within the
        meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the
        Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents,
        members, partners or employees (and any other persons with a
        functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles
        notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such
        controlling person, from and against all losses, liabilities,
        claims, damages, costs, fees and expenses whatsoever (including,
        but not limited to, any and all expenses incurred in investigating,
        preparing or defending against any litigation commenced or
        threatened) based upon or arising out of the Companys actual or
        alleged false acknowledgment, representation or warranty, or
        misrepresentation or omission to state a material fact, or breach
        by the Company of any covenant or agreement made by the Company,
        contained herein or in any other any other Disclosure Materials;
        provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such
        case to the extent and only to the extent that any such loss,
        liability, claim, damage, cost, fee or expense arises out of or is
        based upon the inaccuracy of any representations made by such
        indemnified party in this Agreement.
 
        (b)                                 Each Purchaser, severally and
        not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and
        its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees
        and agents (and any other persons with a functionally equivalent
        role of a person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
        title or any other title), each person who controls such
        indemnified person (within the meaning of Section 15 of the
        Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the
        directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or
        employees (and any other persons with a functionally equivalent
        role of a person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
        title or any other title) of such controlling person, from and
        against all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs, fees and
        expenses
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all expenses
        incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any
        litigation commenced or threatened, and including in settlement of
        any litigation, but only if such settlement is effected with the
        written consent of Purchaser) insofar as such losses, liabilities,
        claims, damages, costs, fees and expenses are primarily based upon
        or primarily arise out of the Purchasers actual or alleged false
        acknowledgment, representation or warranty, or misrepresentation or
        omission to state a material fact, or material breach by the
        Purchaser of any covenant or agreement made by the Purchaser,
        contained herein or in any other document delivered by the
        Purchaser in connection with this Agreement.
 
        (c)                                  Promptly after receipt by an
        indemnified party under this Section 9 of notice of the
        commencement of any Action, such indemnified party will, if a claim
        in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party
        under this Section 9, notify the indemnifying party in writing of
        the commencement thereof; but the omission so to notify the
        indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it
        may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section
        9. In case any such Action is brought against any indemnified
        party, and it notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement
        thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate
        therein, and to the extent that it may elect by written notice
        delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the
        aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense
        thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party;
        provided, however, if the defendants in any such Action include
        both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and either
        (i) the indemnifying party or parties and the indemnified party or
        parties mutually agree or (ii) representation of both the
        indemnifying party or parties and the indemnified party or parties
        by the same counsel is inappropriate under applicable standards of
        professional conduct due to actual or potential differing interests
        between them, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right
        to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to
        otherwise participate in the defense of such Action on behalf of
        such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the
        indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to
        assume the defense of such Action and approval by the indemnified
        party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such
        indemnified party under this Section 9 for any reasonable legal or
        other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in
        connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the indemnified
        party shall have employed counsel in connection with the assumption
        of legal defenses in accordance with the proviso to the next
        preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the
        indemnifying party shall not be liable for the expenses of more
        than one separate counsel in such circumstance), (ii) the
        indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to
        the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a
        reasonable time after notice of commencement of the Action or (iii)
        the indemnifying party has authorized the employment of counsel for
        the indemnified party at the expense of the indemnifying party. No
        indemnifying party shall (i) without the prior written consent of
        the indemnified parties (which consent shall not be unreasonably
        withheld), settle or compromise
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending
        or threatened Action in respect of which indemnification or
        contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the
        indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such Action)
        unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an
        unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability
        arising out of such Action, or (ii) be liable for any settlement of
        any such Action effected without its written consent (which consent
        shall not be unreasonably withheld), but if settled with its
        written consent or if there be a final judgment of the plaintiff in
        any such Action, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify and
        hold harmless any indemnified party from and against any loss or
        liability by reason of such settlement or judgment.
 
    10.                               Binding Effect. The Purchaser hereby
    acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement shall be binding upon and
    inure to the benefit of the parties and their heirs, executors,
    administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted
    assigns.
 
    11.                               Independent Nature of Purchasers
    Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under this
    Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other
    Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the
    performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under this
    Agreement. Nothing contained herein and no action taken by any
    Purchaser pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers
    as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of
    entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
    acting in concert or as a group, or are deemed affiliates (as such term
    is defined under the Exchange Act) with respect to such obligations or
    the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each Purchaser shall
    be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including
    without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it
    shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an
    additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.
 
    12.                               No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This
    Agreement is intended only for the benefit of the parties hereto and
    their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the
    benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other
    Person.
 
    13.                               Amendments and Waivers. Except as set
    forth in Section 7 and Section 8, any term of this Agreement may be
    amended, terminated or waived only with the written consent of the
    Company and each of the Purchasers. Any amendment or waiver effected in
    accordance with this Section 13 shall be binding upon each Purchaser
    and each transferee of the Shares (or the Common Stock issuable upon
    conversion thereof), each future holder of all such securities, and the
    Company.
 
    14.                               Notices. Any notice, consents,
    waivers or other communication required or permitted to be given
    hereunder shall be in writing and will be deemed to have been
    delivered: (i) upon receipt, when personally delivered; (ii) upon
    receipt when sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
    prepaid; (iii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided
    confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically
    generated and kept on file by the sending party); (iv) when sent, if by
    e-mail, (provided that such sent e-mail is kept on file (whether
    electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party
    does not receive an automatically generated message from the
    recipients
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    e-mail server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such
    recipient); or (v) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight
    courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case,
    properly addressed to the party to receive the same. For purposes of
    this Agreement, Business Day means a day, other than a Saturday or
    Sunday, on which banks in New York City are open for the general
    transaction of business. The addresses, facsimile numbers and email
    addresses for such communications shall be:
 
        (a)                                 if to the Company, at
 
        Avinger, Inc.
        400 Chesapeake Drive
        Redwood City, CA 94063
        Attention: Chief Executive Officer
        Facsimile: 650-363-2401
        E-mail: jsoinski@avinger.com
 
        with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
        Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.L
        650 Page Mill Road
        Palo Alto, CA 94304
        Attention: Philip Oettinger
        Facsimile: 650-461-6811
        Email: poettinger@wsgr.com
 
        or
 
        (b)                                 if to CRG, at
 
        CRG
        1000 Main Street, Suite 2500
        Houston, TX 77002
        Attention: General Counsel
        Facsimile: 713-209-7351
        Email: adorenbaum@crglp.com
 
        with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
        Cooley LLP
        101 California St., 5th Floor
        San Francisco, CA 94111
        Attention: Gian Michele aMarca
        Facsimile: (415) 693-2222
        Email: gmamarca@cooley.com
 
        (or, in any case, to such other address as the party shall have
        furnished in writing in accordance with the provisions of this
        Section 14). Any notice or other communication given by certified
        mail shall be deemed given at the time of
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        certification thereof, except for a notice changing a partys
        address which shall be deemed given at the time of receipt thereof.
 
    15.                               Assignability. This Agreement and the
    rights, interests and obligations hereunder are not transferable or
    assignable by the Purchaser, and the transfer or assignment of the
    Shares shall be made only in accordance with all applicable laws.
 
    16.                               Applicable Law. This Agreement shall
    be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
    of New York, without reference to the principles thereof relating to
    the conflict of laws.
 
    17.                               Arbitration. The parties agree to
    submit all controversies to arbitration in accordance with the
    provisions set forth below and understand that:
 
        (a)                                 Arbitration shall be final and
        binding on the parties.
 
        (b)                                 The parties are waiving their
        right to seek remedies in court, including the right to a jury
        trial.
 
        (c)                                  Pre-arbitration discovery is
        generally more limited and different from court proceedings.
 
        (d)                                 The arbitrators award is not
        required to include factual findings or legal reasoning and any
        partys right to appeal or to seek modification of rulings by
        arbitrators is strictly limited.
 
        (e)                                  The panel of arbitrators will
        typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are
        affiliated with the securities industry.
 
        (f)                                   All controversies which may
        arise between the parties concerning this Agreement shall be
        determined by arbitration pursuant to the rules then pertaining to
        the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in New York City, New
        York. Judgment on any award of any such arbitration may be entered
        in the Supreme Court of the State of New York or in any other court
        having jurisdiction of the person or persons against whom such
        award is rendered. Any notice of such arbitration or for the
        confirmation of any award in any arbitration shall be sufficient if
        given in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The
        parties agree that the determination of the arbitrators shall be
        binding and conclusive upon them. The prevailing party, as
        determined by such arbitrators, in a legal proceeding shall be
        entitled to collect any costs, disbursements and reasonable
        attorneys fees from the other party. Prior to filing an
        arbitration, the parties hereby agree that they will attempt to
        resolve their differences first by submitting the matter for
        resolution to a mediator, acceptable to all parties, and whose
        expenses will be borne equally by all parties. The mediation will
        be held in the County of New York, State of New York, on an
        expedited basis. If the parties cannot successfully resolve their
        differences through mediation within sixty (60) days from the
        receipt of the written notice of a matter from the notifying party,
        the matter will be resolved by
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        arbitration. The arbitration shall take place in the County of New
        York, State of New York, on an expedited basis.
 
    18.                               Form D; Blue Sky Qualification. The
    Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities
    and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser.
    The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
    determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to
    qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchaser at such Closing under
    applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United
    States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon
    request of any Purchaser.
 
    19.                               Use of Pronouns. All pronouns and any
    variations thereof used herein shall be deemed to refer to the
    masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or plural as the identity of the
    person or persons referred to may require.
 
    20.                               Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity
    . The Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser or
    an Affiliate of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser or
    an Affiliate of any Purchaser in any press release or filing with the
    SEC (other than the Registration Statement) or any regulatory agency or
    principal trading market, without the prior written consent of such
    Purchaser, except (i) as required by federal securities law in
    connection with (A) any registration statement contemplated by the
    Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing of final Transaction
    Documents with the SEC or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is
    required by law, request of the staff of the SEC or of any regulatory
    agency or principal trading market regulations, in which case the
    Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior written notice of such
    disclosure permitted under this sub-clause (ii) from and after the
    issuance of the Press Release, no Purchaser shall be in possession of
    any material, non-public information received from the Company or any
    of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents, that is not
    disclosed in the Press Release unless a Purchaser shall have executed a
    written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such
    information. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other
    Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company as
    described in this Section 20, such Purchaser will maintain the
    confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with such
    transactions (including the existence and terms of such transactions).
 
    21.                               Non-Public Information. Except for
    information (including the terms of this Agreement and the transactions
    contemplated hereby) that will be disclosed in any filing with the SEC
    within four (4) Business Days of the Closing, the Company shall not and
    shall cause each of its officers, directors, employees and agents, not
    to, provide any Purchaser with any material, non-public information
    regarding the Company without the express written consent of such
    Purchaser.
 
    22.                               Miscellaneous.
 
        (a)                                 This Agreement, together with
        the other Transaction Documents and any confidentiality agreement
        between the Purchaser and the Company, constitute the entire
        agreement between the Purchaser and the Company with respect to the
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Offering and supersede all prior oral or written agreements and
        understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. The
        terms and provisions of this Agreement may be waived, or consent
        for the departure therefrom granted, only by a written document
        executed by the party entitled to the benefits of such terms or
        provisions.
 
        (b)                                 The representations and
        warranties of the Company and the Purchasers made in this Agreement
        shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and delivery of the
        Shares.
 
        (c)                                  If the Shares are certificated
        and any certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is
        mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or
        cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon
        cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a
        new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence
        reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Companys transfer
        agent of such loss, theft or destruction and the execution by the
        holder thereof of a customary lost certificate affidavit of that
        fact and an agreement to indemnify and hold harmless the Company
        and the Companys transfer agent for any losses in connection
        therewith or, if required by the transfer agent, a bond in such
        form and amount as is required by the transfer agent. The
        applicants for a new certificate or instrument under such
        circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs
        associated with the issuance of such replacement Shares. If a
        replacement certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is
        requested due to a mutilation thereof, the Company may require
        delivery of such mutilated certificate or instrument as a condition
        precedent to any issuance of a replacement.
 
        (d)                                 Each of the parties hereto
        shall pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any
        attorneys, accountants, appraisers or others engaged by such party)
        in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
        hereby, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are
        consummated.
 
        (e)                                  This Agreement may be executed
        in one or more original or facsimile or by an e-mail which contains
        a portable document format (.pdf) file of an executed signature
        page counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but
        all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument
        and which shall be enforceable against the parties actually
        executing such counterparts. The exchange of copies of this
        Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile transmission or in
        .pdf format shall constitute effective execution and delivery of
        this Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the
        original Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the parties
        transmitted by facsimile or by e-mail of a document in pdf format
        shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.
 
        (f)                                   Each provision of this
        Agreement shall be considered separable and, if for any reason any
        provision or provisions hereof are determined to be invalid or
        contrary to applicable law, such invalidity or illegality shall not
        impair the operation of or affect the remaining portions of this
        Agreement.
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (g)                                  Paragraph titles are for
        descriptive purposes only and shall not control or alter the
        meaning of this Agreement as set forth in the text.
 
        (h)                                 Each Purchaser hereby agrees to
        furnish the Company such other information as the Company may
        request prior to the Closing with respect to its purchase of Shares
        hereunder.
 
    23.                               Public Disclosure. No Purchaser nor
    any officer, manager, director, member, partner, stockholder, employee,
    Affiliate, affiliated person or entity of a Purchaser shall make or
    issue any press releases or otherwise make any public statements or
    make any disclosures to any third person or entity with respect to the
    transactions contemplated herein and will not make or issue any press
    releases or otherwise make any public statements of any nature
    whatsoever with respect to the Company without the Companys express
    prior approval. The Company has the right to withhold such approval in
    its sole discretion.
 
[Signature Page to Follow]
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed, or caused to be executed 
on their behalf by an agent there unto duly authorized, this Agreement as 
of the date first above written.
 
 
COMPANY:
 
 
 
AVINGER, INC.
 
 
 
By
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
[Signature Page to the Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed, or caused to be executed 
on their behalf by an agent there unto duly authorized, this Agreement as 
of the date first above written.
 
 
CRG:
 
 
 
 
 
CRG PARTNERS III L.P.
 
By CRG PARTNERS III GP L.P., its General Partner
 
By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
Nathan Hukill
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
CRG PARTNERS IIIPARALLEL FUND A L.P.
 
By CRG PARTNERS IIIPARALLEL FUND A GP L.P., its General Partner
 
  By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
Nathan Hukill
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory
 
[Signature Page to the Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed, or caused to be executed 
on their behalf by an agent there unto duly authorized, this Agreement as 
of the date first above written.
 
 
CRG:
 
 
 
 
CRG PARTNERS III  PARALLEL FUND B (CAYMAN) L.P.
 
By CRG PARTNERS III (CAYMAN) GP L.P., its General Partner
 
By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
Nathan Hukill
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
Witness
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
CRG III (CAYMAN) L.P.
 
By CRG Partners III (CAYMAN) GP L.P., its General Partner
 
By CRG Partners III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
Nathan Hukill
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
Witness
 
 
Name:
 
 
[Signature Page to the Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE A
 
Purchaser
 
Principal Amount
(including PIK)
 
Back-End Fee
 
Prepayment
Premium
 
Accrued
Interest
 
Conversion
Amount (total)
 CRG Partners III, L.P.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CRG Partners III  Parallel Fund A L.P.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CRG Partners III  Parallel Fund B (Cayman) L.P.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CRG III (Cayman) L.P.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
SERIES A CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT B
 
FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT C
 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO TERM LOAN AGREEMENT
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT D
 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR CERTIFICATION
 
Accredited Investor Certification.  The undersigned makes one of the 
following representations regarding its net worth and certain related 
matters and has checked the applicable representation:
 
          o                                                       (i)      
                                            The undersigned is a trust with
          total assets in excess of $5,000,000 whose purchase is directed
          by a person with such knowledge and experience in financial and
          business matters that such person is capable of evaluating the
          merits and risks of the prospective investment.
 
          o                                                       (ii)     
                                         The undersigned is a bank,
          insurance company, investment company registered under the United
          States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Companies
          Act), a broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of
          the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, a
          business development company, a Small Business Investment Company
          licensed by the United States Small Business Administration, a
          plan with total assets in excess of $5,000,000 established and
          maintained by a state for the benefit of its employees, or a
          private business development company as defined in Section
          202(a)(22) of the United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940,
          as amended.
 
          o                                                       (iii)    
                                      The undersigned is an employee
          benefit plan and either all investment decisions are made by a
          bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or
          registered investment advisor, or the undersigned has total
          assets in excess of $5,000,000 or, if such plan is a
          self-directed plan, investment decisions are made solely by
          persons who are accredited investors.
 
          o                                                       (iv)     
                                      The undersigned is a corporation,
          partnership, business trust, not formed for the purpose of
          acquiring the Securities, or an organization described in Section
          501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
          Code), in each case with total assets in excess of $5,000,000.
 
          o                                                       (v)      
                                         The undersigned is an entity in
          which all of the equity owners (in the case of a revocable living
          trust, its grantor(s)) qualify under any of the above
          subparagraphs, or, if an individual, each such individual has a
          net worth1, either individually or upon a joint basis with such
          individuals spouse, in excess of $1,000,000 (within the meaning
          of such terms as used in the
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1                                           For purposes of this 
certification, net worth means the excess of total assets, excluding an 
individuals primary residence, at fair market value over total 
liabilities, including such individuals mortgage or any other liability 
secured by his or her primary residence only if and to the extent that it 
exceeds the value of the primary residence.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
          definition of accredited investor contained in Rule 501 under
          the Securities Act), or has had an individual income2 in excess
          of $200,000 for each of the two most recent years, or a joint
          income with such individuals spouse in excess of $300,000 in
          each of those years, and has a reasonable expectation of reaching
          the same income level in the current year.
 
          o                                                       (vi)     
                                      The undersigned cannot make any of
          the representations set forth in paragraphs i through v
          above.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2                                           For purposes of this 
certification, income means adjusted gross income, as reported for 
federal income tax purposes, increased by the following amounts:  (a) the 
amount of any tax exempt interest income received, (b) the amount of losses 
claimed as a limited partner in a limited partnership, (c) any deduction 
claimed for depletion, (d) amounts contributed to an IRA or Keogh 
retirement plan, (e) alimony paid, and (f) any amounts by which income from 
long-term capital gains has been reduced in arriving at adjusted gross 
income pursuant to the provisions of Section 1202 of the Internal Revenue 
Code.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT B
 
SERIES B CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

