 EX-10.2 3 f8k013118bex10-2_droneusa.htm CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE DATED 
JANUARY 26, 2018 ISSUED BY DRONE USA, INC. TO AUCTUS FUND, LLC
Exhibit 10.2
 
NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE 
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR 
SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED 
BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT 
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 
144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE 
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR 
FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.
     
Principal Amount: US$105,000.00 	Issue Date: January 26, 2018
Purchase Price: US$105,000.00 	 
 
CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, DRONE USA, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter 
called the “Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to the order of AUCTUS FUND, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or registered assigns (the 
“Holder”) the sum of US$105,000.00 together with any interest as set forth 
herein, on October 26, 2018 (the “Maturity Date”), and to pay interest on 
the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate of ten percent (10%) (the 
“Interest Rate”) per annum from the date hereof (the “Issue Date”) until 
the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration 
or by prepayment or otherwise. This Note may not be prepaid in whole or in 
part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein with the written 
consent of the Holder which may be withheld for any reason or for no 
reason. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note which is not paid 
when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) twenty four 
percent (24%) per annum or (ii) the maximum amount allowed by law from the 
due date thereof until the same is paid (the “Default Interest”). Interest 
shall commence accruing on the date that the Note is fully paid and shall 
be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days 
elapsed. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into 
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”) in 
accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the 
United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the 
Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in 
accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed 
to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a 
business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day 
which is a business day and, in the case of any interest payment date which 
is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension of the 
due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of 
determining the amount of interest due on such date. As used in this Note, 
the term “business day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are 
authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. Each 
capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the 
meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement 
dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued 
(the “Purchase Agreement”).
 

 

 
This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with 
respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights 
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose 
personal liability upon the holder thereof.
 
The following terms shall apply to this Note:
 
Article I. CONVERSION RIGHTS
 
1.1 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right from time to time, 
and at any time following the Issue Date and ending on the later of (i) the 
Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as 
defined in Article III) pursuant to Section 1.6(a) or Article III, each in 
respect of the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note to 
convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of 
this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as 
such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock 
or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall 
hereafter be changed or reclassified at the Conversion Price (as defined 
below) determined as provided herein (a “Conversion”); provided, however, 
that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of 
this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which 
the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by 
the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may 
be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted 
portion of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other 
security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise 
analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares 
of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note 
with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, 
would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of 
more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of 
the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership 
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Regulations 
13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such 
proviso, provided, further, however, that the limitations on conversion may 
be waived by the Holder (up to a maximum of 9.99%) upon, at the election of 
the Holder, not less than 61 days’ prior notice to the Borrower, and the 
provisions of the conversion limitation shall continue to apply until such 
61st day (or such later date, as determined by the Holder, as may be 
specified in such notice of waiver). The number of shares of Common Stock 
to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by 
dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable 
Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of 
conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Notice of 
Conversion”), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with 
Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by 
facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected 
to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York 
time on such conversion date (the “Conversion Date”). The term “Conversion 
Amount” means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) 
the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus 
(2) at the Holder’s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such 
principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the 
Conversion Date, provided however, that the Borrower shall have the right 
to pay any or all interest in cash plus (3) at the Holder’s option, Default 
Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding 
clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holder’s option, any amounts owed to 
the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof.
 

  	2 	 

 
1.2 Conversion Price.
 
Calculation of Conversion Price. Subject to the adjustments described 
herein, the conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) shall equal the 
lesser of (i) the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) during the 
previous twenty-five (25) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete 
Trading Day prior to the date of this Note and (ii) the Variable Conversion 
Price (as defined herein) (subject to equitable adjustments for stock 
splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the 
Borrower’s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, 
combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary 
distributions and similar events). The “Variable Conversion Price” shall 
mean 65% multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a 
discount rate of 35%). “Market Price” means the lowest Trading Price for 
the Common Stock during the twenty-five (25) Trading Day period ending on 
the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. “Trading 
Price” means, for any security as of any date, the lesser of: (i) the 
lowest trade price on the OTC Pink, OTCQB or applicable trading market as 
reported by a reliable reporting service (“Reporting Service”) designated 
by the Holder or, if the OTC Pink is not the principal trading market for 
such security, the trading price of such security on the principal 
securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or 
traded or, if no trading price of such security is available in any of the 
foregoing manners, the average of the trading prices of any market makers 
for such security that are listed in the “pink sheets” by the National 
Quotation Bureau, Inc., or (ii) the closing bid price on the OTC Pink, 
OTCQB or applicable trading market as reported by a Reporting Service 
designated by the Holder or, if the OTC Pink is not the principal trading 
market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the 
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is 
listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available 
in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of 
any market makers for such security that are listed in the “pink sheets” by 
the National Quotation Bureau, Inc. To the extent the Conversion Price of 
the Borrower’s Common Stock closes below the par value per share, the 
Borrower will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the 
stockholders to reduce the par value to the lowest value possible under 
law. The Borrower agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending this 
adjustment. Furthermore, the Conversion Price may be adjusted downward if, 
within three (3) business days of the transmittal of the Notice of 
Conversion to the Borrower, the Common Stock has a closing bid which is 5% 
or lower than that set forth in the Notice of Conversion. If the shares of 
the Borrower’s Common Stock have not been delivered within three (3) 
business days to the Borrower, the Notice of Conversion may be rescinded. 
At any time after the Closing Date, if in the case that the Borrower’s 
Common Stock is not deliverable by DWAC (including if the Borrower’s 
transfer agent has a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of shares of 
the Borrower’s Common Stock specified in a Notice of Conversion), an 
additional 10% discount will apply for all future conversions under all 
Notes. If in the case that the Borrower’s Common Stock is “chilled” for 
deposit into the DTC system and only eligible for clearing deposit, an 
additional 15% discount shall apply for all future conversions under all 
Notes while the “chill” is in effect.  If in the case of both of the above, 
an additional cumulative 25% discount shall apply. Additionally, if the 
Borrower ceases to be a reporting company pursuant to the 1934 Act or if 
the Note cannot be converted into free trading shares after one hundred 
eighty-one (181) days from the Issue Date, an additional 30% discount will 
be attributed to the Conversion Price. If the Trading Price cannot be 
calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the 
Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the 
Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes being 
converted for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in 
order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. “Trading Day” shall 
mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the 
OTC Pink, OTCQB or on the principal securities exchange or other securities 
market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. The Borrower shall 
be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees 
associated with any such issuance. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 
$500.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover 
Holder’s deposit fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. If at any 
time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would 
be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion 
of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for 
such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be 
increased to include Additional Principal, where “Additional Principal” 
means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the 
extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon 
such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have 
been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the 
par value price.
 

  	3 	 

 
While this Note is outstanding, each time any 3rd party has the right to 
convert monies owed to that 3rd party (or receive shares pursuant to a 
settlement or otherwise), including but not limited to under Section 
3(a)(9) and Section 3(a)(10), at a discount to market greater than the 
Conversion Price in effect at that time (prior to all other applicable 
adjustments in the Note), then the H1older, in Holder’s sole discretion, 
may utilize such greater discount percentage (prior to all applicable 
adjustments in this Note) until this Note is no longer outstanding. While 
this Note is outstanding, each time any 3rd party has a look back period 
greater than the look back period in effect under the Note at that time, 
including but not limited to under Section 3(a)(9) and Section 3(a)(10), 
then the Holder, in Holder’s sole discretion, may utilize such greater 
number of look back days until this Note is no longer outstanding. The 
Borrower shall give written notice to the Holder within one (1) business 
day of becoming aware of any event that could permit the Holder to make any 
adjustment described in the two immediately preceding sentences.
 
(a) Conversion Price During Major Announcements. Notwithstanding anything 
contained in Section 1.2(a) to the contrary, in the event the Borrower (i) 
makes a public announcement that it intends to consolidate or merge with 
any other corporation (other than a merger in which the Borrower is the 
surviving or continuing corporation and its capital stock is unchanged) or 
sell or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or 
(ii) any person, group or entity (including the Borrower) publicly 
announces a tender offer to purchase 50% or more of the Borrower’s Common 
Stock (or any other takeover scheme) (the date of the announcement referred 
to in clause (i) or (ii) is hereinafter referred to as the “Announcement 
Date”), then the Conversion Price shall, effective upon the Announcement 
Date and continuing through the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date 
(as defined below), be equal to the lower of (x) the Conversion Price which 
would have been applicable for a Conversion occurring on the Announcement 
Date and (y) the Conversion Price that would otherwise be in effect. From 
and after the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date, the Conversion 
Price shall be determined as set forth in this Section 1.2(a). For purposes 
hereof, “Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date” shall mean, with 
respect to any proposed transaction or tender offer (or takeover scheme) 
for which a public announcement as contemplated by this Section 1.2(b) has 
been made, the date upon which the Borrower (in the case of clause (i) 
above) or the person, group or entity (in the case of clause (ii) above) 
consummates or publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the 
proposed transaction or tender offer (or takeover scheme) which caused this 
Section 1.2(b) to become operative.
 

  	4 	 

 
(b) Pro Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event of a dispute as to the 
number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection with 
a conversion of this Note, the Borrower shall issue to the Holder the 
number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in 
accordance with Section 4.13.
 
1.3 Authorized Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period the 
conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and 
unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive 
rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full 
conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The 
Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved 10 times 
the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the 
Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Notes in effect from time to 
time) (the “Reserved Amount”). The Reserved Amount shall be increased from 
time to time in accordance with the Borrower’s obligations pursuant to 
Section 3(d) of the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower represents that upon 
issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or 
make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of 
shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the 
then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make 
proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of 
shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive 
rights, for conversion of the outstanding Notes. The Borrower (i) 
acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue 
certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, 
and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full 
authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of 
executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary 
certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall 
the Reserved Amount be lower than the initial Reserved Amount, regardless 
of any prior conversions.
 
If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain or replenish the Reserved 
Amount within three (3) business days of the request of the Holder, the 
principal amount of the Note shall increase by Five Thousand and No/100 
United States Dollars ($5,000) (under Holder’s and Borrower’s expectation 
that any principal amount increase will tack back to the Issue Date) per 
occurrence.
 

  	5 	 

 
1.4 Method of Conversion.
 
(a) Mechanics of Conversion. Subject to Section 1.1, this Note may be 
converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time 
after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of 
Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication 
dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 5:00 p.m., New York, New York 
time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the 
principal office of the Borrower.
 
(b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with 
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender 
this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this 
Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records 
showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions 
or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and 
the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon 
each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such 
records of the Borrower shall, prima facie, be controlling and 
determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the 
Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically 
surrenders this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith 
issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, 
registered as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable 
transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining 
unpaid principal amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by 
acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the 
provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this 
Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented 
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.
 
(c) Payment of Taxes. The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax 
which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and 
delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on 
conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or in 
street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver 
any such shares or other securities or property unless and until the person 
or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name 
such shares are to be held for the Holder’s account) requesting the 
issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax 
or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax 
has been paid.
 
(d) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower 
from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable 
means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements 
for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue 
and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the 
Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion 
within three (3) business days after such receipt (the “Deadline”) (and, 
solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount 
hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and the 
Purchase Agreement.
 

  	6 	 

 
(e) Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. Upon receipt by the 
Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the 
holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the 
outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest 
on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the 
Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with 
respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith 
terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, 
cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder 
shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower’s 
obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be 
absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by 
the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any 
provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any 
action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any 
other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, 
counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or 
alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and 
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such 
obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such 
conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall 
be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by 
the Borrower before 5:00 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date.
 
(f) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering 
physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust 
Company (“DTC”) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (“FAST”) program, upon 
request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in 
Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its 
commercially reasonable best efforts to cause its transfer agent to 
electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the 
Holder by crediting the account of Holder’s Prime Broker with DTC through 
its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian (“DWAC”) system.
 
(g) DTC Eligibility & Market Loss. If the Borrower fails to maintain its 
status as “DTC Eligible” for any reason, or, if the Conversion Price is 
less than $0.01 at any time while this Note is outstanding, the principal 
amount of the Note shall increase by Fifteen Thousand and No/100 United 
States Dollars ($15,000) (under Holder’s and Borrower’s expectation that 
any principal amount increase will tack back to the Issue Date). In 
addition, the Variable Conversion Price shall be redefined to mean forty 
percent (40%) multiplied by the Market Price, subject to adjustment as 
provided in this Note.
             
(h) Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Delivery Deadline. Without in 
any way limiting the Holder’s right to pursue other remedies, including 
actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery 
of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is not delivered 
by the Deadline (other than a failure due to the circumstances described in 
Section 1.3 above, which failure shall be governed by such Section) the 
Borrower shall pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day 
beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock 
until the Borrower issues and delivers a certificate to the Holder or 
credit the Holder’s balance account with OTC for the number of shares of 
Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such Holder’s conversion 
of any Conversion Amount (under Holder’s and Borrower’s expectation that 
any damages will tack back to the Issue Date).. Such cash amount shall be 
paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which 
it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to the 
Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has 
accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which 
event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this 
Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common 
Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees that 
the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages 
resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with such 
conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly 
the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision contained in 
this Section 1.4(h) are justified.
 

  	7 	 

 
(i) Rescindment of a Notice of Conversion.  If (i) the Borrower fails to 
respond to Holder within one (1) business day from the Conversion Date 
confirming the details of Notice of Conversion, (ii) the Borrower fails to 
provide any of the shares of the Borrower’s Common Stock requested in the 
Notice of Conversion within three (3) business days from the date of 
receipt of the Note of Conversion, (iii) the Holder is unable to procure a 
legal opinion required to have the shares of the Borrower’s Common Stock 
issued unrestricted and/or deposited to sell for any reason related to the 
Borrower’s standing, (iv) the Holder is unable to deposit the shares of the 
Borrower’s Common Stock requested in the Notice of Conversion for any 
reason related to the Borrower’s standing, (v) at any time after a missed 
Deadline, at the Holder’s sole discretion, or (vi) if OTC Markets changes 
the Borrower’s designation to ‘Limited Information’ (Yield), ‘No 
Information’ (Stop Sign), ‘Caveat Emptor’ (Skull & Crossbones), ‘OTC’, 
‘Other OTC’ or ‘Grey Market’ (Exclamation Mark Sign) or other trading 
restriction on the day of or any day after the Conversion Date, the Holder 
maintains the option and sole discretion to rescind the Notice of 
Conversion (“Rescindment”) with a “Notice of Rescindment.”
 
1.5 Concerning the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such 
shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 
Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished 
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and 
scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the 
effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred 
pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are 
sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor 
rule) (“Rule 144”) or (iv) such shares are transferred to an “affiliate” 
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise 
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an 
Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as 
otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal 
provisions set forth below), until such time as the shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the Act or 
otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to 
the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be 
immediately sold, each certificate for shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an effective 
registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective 
registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, 
shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:
 
    “NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
    CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE
    EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
    AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE
    OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF
    (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE
    SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH
    COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE
    FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS
    SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING
    THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA
    FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY
    THE SECURITIES.”
 

  	8 	 

 
The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to 
the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if (i) 
the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of 
counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in 
comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of 
such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which 
opinion shall be reasonably accepted by the Borrower so that the sale or 
transfer is effected or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder 
under an effective registration statement filed under the Act or otherwise 
may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number 
of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold. In 
the event that the Borrower does not accept the opinion of counsel provided 
by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an 
exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the 
Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 
of the Note.
 
1.6 Effect of Certain Events.
 
(a) Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the 
sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets 
of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or 
series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power 
of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other 
business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as 
defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall 
either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined in Article III) 
pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon 
the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal 
to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III) or (ii) be treated 
pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. “Person” shall mean any individual, 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or 
other entity or organization.
 
(b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this 
Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the Notes, 
there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, 
recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of 
which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same 
or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or 
securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or 
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other 
than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, 
then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive 
upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and 
conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock 
immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or 
assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such 
transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such 
transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth 
herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with 
respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end 
that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for 
adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable 
upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as 
may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter 
deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not affect any 
transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to 
the extent practicable, thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any 
event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date 
of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such 
record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of 
shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of 
assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this 
Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the 
Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 
1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive 
consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.
 

  	9 	 

 
(c) Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make 
any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders 
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of 
capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the 
Borrower’s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of 
capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a “Distribution”), then 
the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note 
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such 
Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been 
payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable 
upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of 
Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders 
entitled to such Distribution.
 
(d) Adjustment Due to Dilutive Issuance. If, at any time when any Notes are 
issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues or sells, or in accordance with 
this Section 1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, except for 
shares of Common Stock issued directly to vendors or suppliers of the 
Borrower in satisfaction of amounts owed to such vendors or suppliers 
(provided, however, that such vendors or suppliers shall not have an 
arrangement to transfer, sell or assign such shares of Common Stock prior 
to the issuance of such shares), any shares of Common Stock for no 
consideration or for a consideration per share (before deduction of 
reasonable expenses or commissions or underwriting discounts or allowances 
in connection therewith) less than the Conversion Price in effect on the 
date of such issuance (or deemed issuance) of such shares of Common Stock 
(a “Dilutive Issuance”), then immediately upon the Dilutive Issuance, the 
Conversion Price will be reduced to the amount of the consideration per 
share received by the Borrower in such Dilutive Issuance.
 

  	10 	 

 
The Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common Stock 
if the Borrower in any manner issues or grants any warrants, rights or 
options (not including employee stock option plans), whether or not 
immediately exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase Common Stock or 
other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock 
(“Convertible Securities”) (such warrants, rights and options to purchase 
Common Stock or Convertible Securities are hereinafter referred to as 
“Options”) and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon 
the exercise of such Options is less than the Conversion Price then in 
effect, then the Conversion Price shall be equal to such price per share. 
For purposes of the preceding sentence, the “price per share for which 
Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options” is determined 
by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the 
Borrower as consideration for the issuance or granting of all such Options, 
plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, 
payable to the Borrower upon the exercise of all such Options, plus, in the 
case of Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options, 
the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration payable upon the 
conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities 
first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number 
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all such Options 
(assuming full conversion of Convertible Securities, if applicable). No 
further adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the actual 
issuance of such Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or upon the 
conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of 
such Options.
 
Additionally, the Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of 
Common Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or sells any Convertible 
Securities, whether or not immediately convertible (other than where the 
same are issuable upon the exercise of Options), and the price per share 
for which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange is less 
than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the Conversion Price shall 
be equal to such price per share. For the purposes of the preceding 
sentence, the “price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such 
conversion or exchange” is determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if 
any, received or receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the 
issuance or sale of all such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum 
aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the 
Borrower upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time such 
Convertible Securities first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) 
the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the 
conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities. No further 
adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the actual issuance of 
such Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of such Convertible 
Securities.
 
(e) Purchase Rights. If, at any time when any Notes are issued and 
outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities or rights to 
purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the “Purchase 
Rights”) pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock, then 
the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms 
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which 
such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of 
shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note 
(without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) 
immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, 
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, 
the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be 
determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.
 

  	11 	 

 
(f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or 
readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in 
this Section 1.6, the Borrower, at its expense, shall promptly compute such 
adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a 
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in 
detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The 
Borrower shall, upon the written request at any time of the Holder, furnish 
to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment or 
readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the 
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other 
securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion 
of the Note.
 
1.7 [Intentionally Omitted].
 
1.8 Status as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a 
Holder, (i) the shares covered thereby (other than the shares, if any, 
which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder’s 
allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be 
deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder’s rights 
as a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and 
terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares 
of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available 
at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to 
comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a 
Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior 
to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with 
respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then 
(unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of 
Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the 
rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions 
of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such 
unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, 
adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been 
converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and 
remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive 
Conversion Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required 
thereby for such Conversion Default and any subsequent Conversion Default 
and (ii) the right to have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent 
conversions determined in accordance with Section 1.3) for the Borrower’s 
failure to convert this Note.
 
1.9 Prepayment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Note, the Borrower may prepay the amounts outstanding hereunder pursuant to 
the following terms and conditions:
 
(a) At any time during the period beginning on the Issue Date and ending on 
the date which is ninety (90) days following the Issue Date, the Borrower 
shall have the right, exercisable on not less than three (3) Trading Days 
prior written notice to the Holder of the Note to prepay the outstanding 
Note (principal and accrued interest), in full by making a payment to the 
Holder of an amount in cash equal to 135%, multiplied by the sum of: (w) 
the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and 
unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note plus (y) 
Default Interest, if any.
 

  	12 	 

 
(b) At any time during the period beginning the day which is ninety one 
(91) days following the Issue Date and ending on the date which is one 
hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date, the Borrower shall have 
the right, exercisable on not less than three (3) Trading Days prior 
written notice to the Holder of the Note to prepay the outstanding Note 
(principal and accrued interest), in full by making a payment to the Holder 
of an amount in cash equal to 150%, multiplied by the sum of: (w) the then 
outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid 
interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note plus (y) Default 
Interest, if any.
 
(c) After the expiration of one hundred eighty (180) days following the 
date of the Note, the Borrower shall have no right of prepayment.
 
1.10 Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an “Optional Prepayment Notice”) 
shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses 
and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay 
the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be not more than three 
(3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the 
date fixed for prepayment (the “Optional Prepayment Date”), the Borrower 
shall make payment of the applicable prepayment amount to or upon the order 
of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower at 
least one (1) business day prior to the Optional Prepayment Date. If the 
Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the 
applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note within two (2) 
business days following the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall 
forever forfeit its right to prepay the Note pursuant to this Section 1.9.
 
Article II. CERTAIN COVENANTS
 
2.1 Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any 
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder’s 
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any 
dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other 
securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of 
Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b) 
directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or 
distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions 
pursuant to any shareholders’ rights plan which is approved by a majority 
of the Borrower’s disinterested directors.
 
2.2 Restriction on Stock Repurchases. So long as the Borrower shall have 
any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder’s 
written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash 
or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in any one 
transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock 
of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire 
any such shares.
 
2.3 Borrowings. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under 
this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, 
create, incur, assume guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or 
otherwise become liable upon the obligation of any person, firm, 
partnership, joint venture or corporation, except by the endorsement of 
negotiable instruments for deposit or collection, or suffer to exist any 
liability for borrowed money, except (a) borrowings in existence or 
committed on the date hereof and of which the Borrower has informed Holder 
in writing prior to the date hereof, (b) indebtedness to trade creditors 
financial institutions or other lenders incurred in the ordinary course of 
business or (c) borrowings, the proceeds of which shall be used to repay 
this Note.
 

  	13 	 

 
2.4 Sale of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under 
this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, 
sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets 
outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent to the disposition of 
any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of 
disposition.
 
2.5 Advances and Loans. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation 
under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written 
consent, lend money, give credit or make advances to any person, firm, 
joint venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, 
directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except 
loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the date hereof 
and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to the date 
hereof, (b) made in the ordinary course of business or (c) not in excess of 
$100,000.
 
2.6 Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction. So long as this Note is 
outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or 
arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or 
pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities 
Act (a “3(a)(9) Transaction”) or Section 3(a)(l0) of the Securities Act (a 
“3(a)(l0) Transaction”). In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or 
makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 
3(a)(l0) Transaction while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages 
charge of 25% of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not 
less than Fifteen Thousand Dollars $15,000, will be assessed and will 
become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the 
form of cash payment or addition to the balance of this Note.
 
2.7 Preservation of Existence, etc. The Borrower shall maintain and 
preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its 
existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of 
its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum 
assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each 
jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it 
or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification 
necessary.
 
2.8 Non-circumvention. The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that the 
Borrower will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of 
Incorporation or Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, 
consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of 
securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the 
observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all 
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all 
action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder.
 

  	14 	 

 
2.9 Repayment from Proceeds. While any portion of this Note is outstanding, 
if the Borrower receives cash proceeds from any source or series of related 
or unrelated sources, including but not limited to, from payments from 
customers, the issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding 
warrants of the Borrower, the issuance of securities pursuant to an equity 
line of credit of the Borrower or the sale of assets, the Borrower shall, 
within one (1) business day of Borrower’s receipt of such proceeds, inform 
the Holder of such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right 
in its sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply all or 
any portion of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding 
amounts owed under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this 
provision shall constitute an Event of Default. In the event that such 
proceeds are received by the Holder prior to the Maturity Date, the 
required prepayment shall be subject to the terms of Section 1.9 herein.
 
Article III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
If any of the following events of default (each, an “Event of Default”) 
shall occur:
 
3.1 Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the 
principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at 
maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise.
 
3.2 Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue shares of 
Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it 
will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the 
conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, 
(ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) 
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of 
Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant 
to this Note as and when required by this Note, (iii) directs its transfer 
agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent 
in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any 
certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon 
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by 
this Note, (iv) fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to 
remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) 
any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in 
respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued 
to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and 
when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or 
threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this 
paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written 
announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be 
rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall 
have delivered a Notice of Conversion, (v) fails to remain current in its 
obligations to its transfer agent, (vi) causes a conversion of this Note is 
delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to 
its transfer agent, (vii) fails to repay Holder, within forty eight (48) 
hours of a demand from the Holder, any amount of funds advanced by Holder 
to Borrower’s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, and/or 
(viii) fails to maintain the Reserved Amount.
 

  	15 	 

 
3.3 Failure to Deliver Transaction Expense Amount. The Borrower fails to 
deliver the Transaction Expense Amount (as defined in the Purchase 
Agreement) to the Holder within three (3) business days of the date such 
amount is due.
 
3.4 Breach of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or 
other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral 
documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such 
breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after written notice thereof 
to the Borrower from the Holder.
 
3.5 Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or 
warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or 
certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith 
(including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or 
misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has 
(or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the 
rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.
 
3.6 Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower 
shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence 
proceedings for its dissolution, or apply for or consent to the appointment 
of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property 
or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed for 
the Borrower or for a substantial part of its property or business without 
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such 
appointment.
 
3.7 Judgments. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered 
or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of 
its property or other assets for more than $50,000, and shall remain 
unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless 
otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be 
unreasonably withheld.
 
3.8 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation 
proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief 
under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be 
instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower, or 
the Borrower admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as 
they mature, or have filed against it an involuntary petition for 
bankruptcy relief, all under federal or state laws as applicable or the 
Borrower admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they 
mature, or have filed against it an involuntary petition for bankruptcy 
relief, all under international, federal or state laws as applicable.
 
3.9 Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the 
listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC Pink, OTCQB, Nasdaq 
National Market, Nasdaq Small Cap Market, New York Stock Exchange, NYSE 
MKT, or an equivalent replacement exchange.
 
3.10 Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to 
comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including but 
not limited to becoming delinquent in its filings); and/or the Borrower 
shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange 
Act.
 

  	16 	 

 
3.11	Liquidation.	Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower 
or any substantial portion of its business.
 
3.12 Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or 
Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such 
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower’s 
ability to continue as a “going concern” shall not be an admission that the 
Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.
 
3.13 Maintenance of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any 
material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other 
assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the 
future), or any disposition or conveyance of any material asset of the 
Borrower.
 
3.14	Financial Statement Restatement.	The restatement of any financial 
statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from 
two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no 
longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison 
to the unrestated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse 
effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the 
Purchase Agreement.
 
3.15	Reverse Splits.	 The Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its 
Common Stock without twenty (20) days prior written notice to the Holder.
 
3.16 Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes 
to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the 
effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer 
Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the 
Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to 
irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed 
by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.
 
3.17 Cessation of Trading. Any cessation of trading of the Common Stock on 
at least one of the OTC Pink, OTCQB, Nasdaq National Market, Nasdaq Small 
Cap Market, New York Stock Exchange, NYSE MKT, or an equivalent replacement 
exchange, and such cessation of trading shall continue for a period of five 
consecutive (5) Trading Days.
 
3.18 Cross-Default.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 
this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default 
by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any 
of the Other Agreements (as defined herein), after the passage of all 
applicable notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the 
Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, 
in which event the Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to 
apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note 
and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement 
or hereunder. “Other Agreements” means, collectively, all agreements and 
instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit 
of, (2) the Holder (and any affiliate of the Holder) or any other third 
party, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, 
the term “Other Agreements” shall not include the agreements and 
instruments defined as the Documents. Each of the loan transactions will be 
cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other 
existing and future debt of Borrower to the Holder.
 

  	17 	 

 
3.19 Bid Price. The Borrower shall lose the “bid” price for its Common 
Stock ($0.0001 on the “Ask” with zero market makers on the “Bid” per Level 
2) and/or a market (including the OTC Pink, OTCQB or an equivalent 
replacement exchange).
 
3.20 OTC Markets Designation. OTC Markets changes the Borrower’s 
designation to ‘No Information’ (Stop Sign), ‘Caveat Emptor’ (Skull and 
Crossbones), or ‘OTC’, ‘Other OTC’ or ‘Grey Market’ (Exclamation Mark 
Sign).
 
3.21 Inside Information. Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, 
directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual 
transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, 
directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information concerning 
the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not 
immediately cured by Borrower’s filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation 
FD on that same date.
 
3.22 Unavailability of Rule 144. If, at any time on or after the date which 
is six (6) months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i) obtain 
a standard “144 legal opinion letter” from an attorney reasonably 
acceptable to the Holder, the Holder’s brokerage firm (and respective 
clearing firm), and the Borrower’s transfer agent in order to facilitate 
the Holder’s conversion of any portion of the Note into free trading shares 
of the Borrower’s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and (ii) thereupon 
deposit such shares into the Holder’s brokerage account.
 
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in Sections 3.1, 3.2, 
3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, 3.13, 3.14, 3.15, 
3.16. 3.17, 3.18, 3.19, 3.20, 3.21, and/or 3.22 exercisable through the 
delivery of written notice to the Borrower by such Holders (the “Default 
Notice”), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the 
Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations 
hereunder, an amount equal to (i) 150% (except with respect to SECTION 3.2 
AND/OR 3.22, in which case 150% shall be replaced with 200%) times the sum 
of (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued 
and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date 
of payment (the “Mandatory Prepayment Date”) plus (y) Default Interest, if 
any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any 
amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the 
then outstanding principal amount of this Note to the date of payment plus 
the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be 
known as the “Default Sum”) or (ii) at the option of the Holder, the 
“parity value” of the Default Sum to be prepaid, where parity value means 
(a) the highest number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion 
of or otherwise pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance with Article I, 
treating the Trading Day immediately preceding the Mandatory Prepayment 
Date as the “Conversion Date” for purposes of determining the lowest 
applicable Conversion Price, unless the Default Event arises as a result of 
a breach in respect of a specific Conversion Date in which case such 
Conversion Date shall be the Conversion Date), multiplied by (b) the 
highest Trading Price for the Common Stock during the period beginning on 
the date of first occurrence of the Event of Default and ending one day 
prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date (the “Default Amount”) and all other 
amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all 
without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly 
waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees 
and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise 
all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. Further, if a 
breach of Sections 3.9, 3.10 and/or 3.19 occurs or is continuing after the 
six (6) month anniversary of this Note, then the principal amount of the 
Note shall increase by Fifteen Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars 
($15,000) (under Holder’s and Borrower’s expectation that any principal 
amount increase will tack back to the Issue Date) and the Holder shall be 
entitled to use the lowest Trading Price during the delinquency period as a 
base price for the conversion with the Variable Conversion Price shall be 
redefined to mean forty percent (40%) multiplied by the Market Price (at 
the option of the Holder), subject to adjustment as provided in this Note. 
For example, if the lowest Trading Price during the delinquency period is 
$0.01 per share and the conversion discount is 50%, then the Holder may 
elect to convert future conversions at $0.005 per share. If this Note is 
not paid at Maturity Date, then the outstanding principal due under this 
Note shall increase by Fifteen Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars 
($15,000).
 

  	18 	 

 
The Holder shall have the right at any time, to require the Borrower to 
immediately issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of 
Common Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount divided by the 
Conversion Price then in effect, subject to the terms of this Note. This 
requirement by the Borrower shall automatically apply upon the occurrence 
of an Event of Default without the need for any party to give any notice or 
take any other action.
 
If the Holder shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any 
provisions of this Note, including, without limitation, engaging an 
attorney, then if the Holder prevails in such action, the Holder shall be 
reimbursed by the Borrower for its attorneys’ fees and other costs and 
expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such 
action or proceeding.
 
Article IV. MISCELLANEOUS
 
4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of 
the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise 
thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies 
existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or 
remedies otherwise available.
 

  	19 	 

 
4.2 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other 
communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, 
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) 
deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with 
charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or 
facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such 
party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or 
other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be 
deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with 
accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at 
the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day 
during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the 
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a 
business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be 
received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing 
by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or 
upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The 
addresses for such communications shall be:
 
  If to the Borrower, to:
   
        Drone USA, Inc.
        16 Hamilton Street
        West Haven, CT 06516
  Attn: Michael Bannon
    E-mail: mike@droneusainc.com
 
      If to the Holder:
     
Auctus Fund, LLC
    177 Huntington Avenue, 17th Floor
    Boston, MA 02115
Attn: Lou Posner
    Facsimile: (617) 532-6420
 
  With a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):
 
    Chad Friend, Esq., LL.M.
    Legal & Compliance, LLC
    330 Clematis Street, Suite 217
    West Palm Beach, FL 33401
    e-mail: CFriend@LegalandCompliance.com
 
4.3 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by 
an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term 
“Note” and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall 
mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase 
Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, 
then as so amended or supplemented.
 
4.4 Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its 
successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and 
its successors and assigns. Neither the Borrower nor the Holder shall 
assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior 
written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may 
assign its rights hereunder to any “accredited investor” (as defined in 
Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to 
any of its “affiliates”, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, 
without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note 
to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with 
a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any 
assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following 
conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal 
amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount 
stated on the face hereof.
 

  	20 	 

 
4.5 Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the 
Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof reasonable costs of collection, 
including reasonable attorneys’ fees.
 
4.6 Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to 
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against 
the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be 
brought only in the state courts of Massachusetts or in the federal courts 
located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties to this Note 
hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any 
action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack 
of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. THE BORROWER 
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO 
REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED 
HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other 
party its reasonable attorney’s fees and costs. In the event that any 
provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection 
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule 
of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that 
it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such 
statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or 
unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability 
of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably 
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in 
any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any 
other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or 
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such 
party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and 
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of 
process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to 
limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law.
 
4.7 Certain Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is 
required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding principal amount (or 
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and 
unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower and 
the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of 
cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine and the amount to 
be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty 
and is intended to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the 
opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of 
shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price in 
excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The 
Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages 
is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the 
receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into 
shares of Common Stock.
 

  	21 	 

 
4.8 Purchase Agreement. By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees 
to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.
 
4.9 Notice of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the 
Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock unless 
and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The 
Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification of any meeting of 
the Borrower’s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other 
information sent to shareholders). In the event of any taking by the 
Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining 
shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other 
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire 
(including by way of merger, consolidation, reclassification or 
recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or 
property, or to receive any other right, or for the purpose of determining 
shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any proposed sale, 
lease or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the 
Borrower or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 
Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty 
(20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days 
prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is 
earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the 
purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief 
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, 
distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The 
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring 
notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the 
notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9 
including, but not limited to, name changes, recapitalizations, etc. as 
soon as possible under law.
 
4.10 Usury. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed 
interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the 
applicable provision shall automatically be revised to equal the maximum 
rate of interest or other amount deemed interest permitted under applicable 
law. The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that 
it will not seek to claim or take advantage of any law that would prohibit 
or forgive the Borrower from paying all or a portion of the principal or 
interest on this Note.
         
4.11 Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its 
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by 
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. 
Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach 
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the 
event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of 
this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other 
available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties 
assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing 
or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and 
provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and 
without any bond or other security being required. No provision of this 
Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Borrower, which is 
absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, and interest on, this 
Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the form, herein prescribed.
 

  	22 	 

 
4.12 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid 
or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such 
provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict 
therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule 
of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under 
any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other 
provision hereof.
 
4.13 Dispute Resolution. In the case of a dispute as to the determination 
of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or 
Default Amount, Default Sum, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid 
price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic 
calculation of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) 
(as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed 
determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within two (2) 
Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such 
dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to 
such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances 
giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to 
agree upon such determination or calculation within two (2) Business Days 
of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may 
be) being submitted to the Borrower or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, 
within two (2) Business Days, submit via facsimile (a) the disputed 
determination of the Conversion Price, the closing bid price, the or fair 
market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment 
bank selected by the Borrower and approved by the Holder or (b) the 
disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, 
any prepayment amount or Default Amount, Default Sum to an independent, 
outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to 
the Borrower. The Borrower shall cause at its expense the investment bank 
or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify 
the Borrower and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business 
Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or 
calculations. Such investment bank’s or accountant’s determination or 
calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error.
 
4.14 Terms of Future Financings.  So long as this Note is outstanding, upon 
any issuance by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries of any security 
with any term more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term 
in favor of the holder of such security that was not similarly provided to 
the Holder in this Note, then the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such 
additional or more favorable term and such term, at Holder’s option, shall 
become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder.  The types of 
terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the 
holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing 
conversion discounts, prepayment rate, conversion lookback periods, 
interest rates, original issue discounts, stock sale price, private 
placement price per share, and warrant coverage.
 
4.15 Piggyback Registration Rights. The Borrower shall include on the next 
registration statement the Borrower files with SEC (or on the subsequent 
registration statement if such registration statement is withdrawn) all 
shares issuable upon conversion of this Note. Failure to do so will result 
in liquidated damages of 25% of the outstanding principal balance of this 
Note, but not less than Fifteen Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars 
($15,000), being immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election 
in the form of cash payment or addition to the balance of this Note.
 
[signature page follows]
 

  	23 	 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name 
by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written.
 
  	DRONE USA, INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	                         
  	Name: Michael Bannon
  	Title: Chief Executive Officer
 

  	24 	 

 
EXHIBIT A
NOTICE OF CONVERSION
 
The undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________principal amount 
of the Note (defined below) together with $________________ of accrued and 
unpaid interest thereto, totaling $_____________ into that number of shares 
of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note 
(“Common Stock”) as set forth below, of Drone USA, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Borrower”), according to the conditions of the 
convertible note of the Borrower dated as of January 26, 2018 (the “Note”), 
as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any 
conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.
 
Box Checked as to applicable instructions:
 
  	☐ 	The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable 
pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or 
its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system 
(“DWAC Transfer”).
  	  	 
  	  	
Name of DTC Prime Broker:
Account Number:
         
  	☐ 	The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate 
or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below 
(which numbers are based on the Holder’s calculation attached hereto) in 
the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is 
necessary, on an attachment hereto:
 
  	Name: [NAME] 	  	  	 
  	Address: [ADDRESS] 	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	Date of Conversion:   	  	  	 
  	Applicable Conversion Price: 	$ 	  	 
  	Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued 	  	  	 
  	    Pursuant to Conversion of the Notes:   	  	  	 
  	Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining 	  	  	 
  	    Under the Note after this conversion: 	  	  	 
  	Accrued and unpaid interest remaining: 	  	  	 
         
  	[HOLDER]
  	  	 
  	By: 	                             	 
  	Name: [NAME]
  	Title: [TITLE]
  	Date: [DATE] 	 
 
 
 
 
 