 EX-10.7 14 a2234454zex-10_7.htm EX-10.7
                  Exhibit 10.7
                   
EXECUTIVE AGREEMENT
 
This Executive Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into 
effective as of September 1, 2014 (the Effective Date), by and between 
Vimal Mehta (the Executive) and BioXcel Corporation., a Delaware 
corporation (the Company).
 
R E C I T A L S
 
A.                                         WHEREAS, the Company wishes to 
retain Executive as its Chief Executive Officer; and
 
B.                                         WHEREAS, in order to provide 
Executive with the financial security and sufficient encouragement to 
become retained by the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company (the 
Board) believes that it is in the best interests of the Company to 
provide Executive with certain engagement terms and severance benefits as 
set forth herein.
 
AGREEMENT
 
In consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained and the 
engagement of Executive by the Company, the parties agree as follows:
 
1.                            Definition of Terms. The following terms 
referred to in this Agreement shall have the following meanings:
 
(a)                                      Cause shall mean any of the 
following: (i) the commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or material 
dishonesty which is intended to result in substantial personal enrichment 
of Executive in connection with Executives engagement with the Company; 
(ii) Executives conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere, to a crime 
constituting a felony (other than traffic-related offenses); (iii) 
Executives willful misconduct that is materially injurious to the Company; 
(iv) a material breach of Executives proprietary information agreement 
that is materially injurious to the Company; or (v) Executives (1) 
material failure to perform his duties as an officer of the Company, and 
(2) failure to cure any such failure within thirty (30) days after 
receipt of written notice from the Company delineating the specific acts 
that constituted such material failure and the specific actions necessary, 
if any, to cure such failure.
 
(b)                                      Change of Control shall mean the 
occurrence of any of the following events:
 
(i)                                the date on which any person (as such 
term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) obtains beneficial ownership (as 
defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) or a pecuniary interest in fifty 
percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then 
outstanding securities (Voting Stock);
 
(ii)                             the consummation of a merger, 
consolidation, reorganization, or similar transaction involving the 
Company, other than a transaction: (1) in which substantially all
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
of the holders of the Voting Stock immediately prior to such transaction 
hold or receive directly or indirectly fifty percent (50%) or more of the 
voting stock of the resulting entity or a parent company thereof, in 
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company 
immediately prior to the transaction; or (2) in which the holders of the 
Companys capital stock immediately before such transaction will, 
immediately after such transaction, hold as a group on a fully diluted 
basis the ability to elect at least a majority of the authorized directors 
of the surviving entity (or a parent company); or
 
(iii)                               there is consummated a sale, lease, 
license or disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated 
assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, 
license or disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated 
assets of the Company and its subsidiaries to an entity, fifty percent 
(50%) or more of the combined voting power of the voting securities of 
which are owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same 
proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such 
sale, lease, license or disposition.
 
(c)                                  Disability means a physical or 
mental disability, which prevents Executive from performing Executives 
duties under this Agreement for a period of at least 120 consecutive days 
in any twelve month period or 150 non consecutive days in any twelve month 
period.
 
(d)                                 Good Reason shall mean without 
Executives express written consent any of the following: (i) a significant 
reduction of Executives duties, position or responsibilities relative to 
Executives duties, position or responsibilities in effect immediately 
prior to such reduction, or the removal of Executive from such position, 
duties or responsibilities; (ii) a reduction of Executives compensation as 
in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (iii) the relocation of 
Executive to a facility or a location more than twenty-five (25) miles from 
the Companys then current principal location; (iv) a material breach by 
the Company of this Agreement or any other agreement with Executive that is 
not corrected within fifteen (15) days after written notice from Executive 
(or such earlier date that the Company has notice of such material breach); 
or (v) the failure of the Company to obtain the written assumption of this 
Agreement by any successor contemplated in Section 11 below.
 
2.                            Duties and Scope of Position. During the 
Engagement Term (as defined below), Executive will serve as Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company, reporting to the Board of Directors, and assuming 
and discharging such responsibilities as are commensurate with Executives 
position. During the Engagement Term, Executive will provide services in a 
manner that will faithfully and diligently further the business of the 
Company and will devote a substantial portion of Executives business time, 
attention and energy thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in 
this Agreement shall restrict Executive from managing his investments, 
other business affairs and other matters or serving on civic or charitable 
boards or committees, provided that no such activities unduly interfere 
with the performance of his obligations under this Agreement, provided that 
Executive shall honor the non competition and non solicitation terms as per 
Section 14 below. During the Engagement Term, Executive agrees to disclose 
to the Company those other companies of which he is a member of the Board 
of Directors, an executive officer, or a consultant.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
3.                            Term. The term of Executives engagement 
under this Agreement shall commence as of the date above (the Effective 
Date) and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, unless earlier 
terminated in accordance with Section 8 hereof. The term of Executives 
engagement shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year 
periods until the Executive or the Company delivers to the other party a 
written notice of their intent not to renew the Engagement Term, such 
written notice to be delivered at least sixty (60) days prior to the 
expiration of the then-effective Engagement Term as that term is defined 
below. The period commencing as of the Effective Date and ending three (3) 
years from the Effective Date or such later date to which the term of 
Executives engagement under the Agreement shall have been extended is 
referred to herein as the  Engagement Term  and the end of the Engagement 
Term is referred to herein as the Expiration Date.
 
4.                            Base Compensation. Initially, the Company 
shall pay to Executive a base compensation (the Base Compensation) of 
$125,000 per year (prorated for any partial year), payable in equal 
bimonthly installments. The Base Compensation shall be increased to 
$250,000 per year (prorated for any partial year) after an initial public 
offering of the Companys securities. In addition, each year during the 
term of this Agreement, Executive shall be reviewed for purposes of 
determining the appropriateness of increasing his Base Compensation 
hereunder. For purposes of the Agreement, the term Base Compensation as 
of any point in time shall refer to the Base Compensation as adjusted 
pursuant to this Section 4.
 
5.                            Target Bonus. In addition to his Base 
Compensation, Executive shall be given the opportunity to earn an annual 
bonus (the Bonus) of up to 50% of Base Compensation. The Bonus shall be 
earned by Executive upon the Companys achievement of performance 
milestones for a fiscal year (in each case, the Target Year) to be 
mutually agreed upon by the Executive and the Board or its compensation 
committee. Such performance milestones shall be established by the last day 
of the first month of the Target Year. The Bonus shall be paid by the 
fifteenth day of the second month of the fiscal year immediately following 
the Target Year. In the event Executive is retained by the Company for less 
than the full Target Year for which a Bonus is earned pursuant to this 
Section 5, Executive shall be entitled to receive a pro-rated Bonus for 
such Target Year based on the number of days Executive was retained by the 
Company during such Target Year divided by 365. The determinations of the 
Board or its compensation committee with respect to Bonuses will be final 
and binding.
 
6.                            Stock Option Grant.  250 qualified stock 
options (the Initial Options) shall be granted to Executive under SEC 
rule 701 and pursuant to the Companys stock option plan upon commencement 
of the Engagement Term. Such options will have an exercise price equal to 
fair market value per share on the date of grant and will vest annually in 
equal amounts over a period of three (3) years, with 83.33 shares vesting 
on each one-year anniversary of the date of grant. The option agreement 
will include (i) a Change of Control provision whereby as of immediately 
prior to a Change of Control of the Company, all of the stock options will 
vest and become fully exercisable and (ii) a termination provision whereby 
in the event Executives engagement is terminated voluntarily or for Cause 
by the Company, the unvested stock options will expire forthwith but (iii) 
if such engagement is terminated for any other reason (except death or 
Disability), the options may not be exercised at any time later than six 
(6) months after such termination of Executives engagement. If Executives 
engagement is terminated by death or Disability, the options may be 
exercised within a period of one (1) year after such termination.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
7.                                      Benefits. Executive shall 
participate in all employee welfare and benefit plans and shall receive 
such other fringe benefits as the Company offers to its senior executives 
and directors. Until such time that the Company implements an employee 
health insurance plan, the Company agrees to reimburse Executive for all 
COBRA payments he makes to maintain health insurance coverage for himself 
and his family. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to a car lease 
allowance from the Company during the Engagement Term of up to $750 per 
month.
 
8.                                      Termination.
 
(a)                                      Termination by the Company. 
Subject to the obligations of the Company set forth in Section 8, the 
Company may terminate Executives engagement at any time and for any reason 
(or no reason), and with or without Cause, and without prejudice to any 
other right or remedy to which the Company or Executive may be entitled at 
law or in equity or under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in 
the event the Company desires to terminate the Executives engagement 
without Cause, the Company shall give the Executive not less than sixty 
(60) days advance written notice. Executives engagement shall terminate 
automatically in the event of his death.
 
(b)                                      Termination by Executive. 
Executive may voluntarily terminate the Engagement Term upon sixty (60) 
days prior written notice for any reason or no reason. Executive may 
terminate the engagement for Good Reason without notice.
 
(c)                                       Termination for Death or 
Disability. Subject to the obligations of the Company set forth in Section 
8, Executives engagement shall terminate automatically upon his death. 
Subject to the obligations of the Company set forth in Section 8, in the 
event Executive is unable to perform his duties as a result of Disability 
during the Engagement Term, the Company shall have the right to terminate 
the engagement of Executive by providing written notice of the effective 
date of such termination.
 
    9.                    Payments Upon Termination of Engagement.
 
(a)                                      Termination for Cause, Death or 
Disability or Termination by Executive. In the event that Executives 
engagement hereunder is terminated during the Engagement Term by the 
Company for Cause pursuant to Section 8(a), as a result of Executives 
death or Disability pursuant to Section 8(c), or voluntarily by Executive, 
the Company shall compensate Executive (or in the case of death, 
Executives estate) as follows: on the date of termination the Company 
shall pay to the Executive, if the Executive instructs the Company in 
writing, a lump sum amount equal to (i) any portion of unpaid Base 
Compensation then due for periods prior to the effective date of 
termination; (ii) any Bonus and/or Realization Bonus earned and not yet 
paid through the date of termination; and (iii) within 2-1/2 months 
following submission of proper expense reports by Executive or Executives 
estate, all expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by Executive in 
connection with the business of the Company prior to the date of 
termination.
 
(b)                                      Termination by Company Without 
Cause or by Executive For Good Reason. In the event that Executives 
engagement is terminated during the Engagement Term by the Company without 
Cause pursuant to Section 8(a) or by Executive for Good Reason pursuant to 
Section 8(b), the Company shall compensate Executive, as follows:
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)                           on the date of termination, the Company shall 
pay to the Executive, if the Executive instructs the Company in writing, a 
lump sum amount equal to (A) any portion of unpaid Base Compensation then 
due for periods prior to the effective date of termination; (B) any Bonus 
earned and not yet paid through the date of termination; and (C) within 
2-1/2 months following submission of proper expense reports by Executive, 
all expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by Executive in connection 
with the business of the Company prior to the date of termination; and, 
provided that Executive executes a written release, substantially in the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit B, of any and all claims against the 
Company and all related parties with respect to all matters arising out of 
Executives engagement by the Company, the Company shall pay to the 
Executive the Base Compensation and reimburse Executives payment of COBRA 
premiums for twelve (12) months from the date of termination. In the event 
Executives engagement is terminated without Cause or for Good Reason and a 
Change of Control of the Company occurs within six (6) months of such 
termination, Executive also shall be entitled to the severance benefits set 
forth under Section 9(c).
 
(c)                                  Termination in the Context of a 
Change of Control. Notwithstanding anything in Section 9(a) or 9(b) to the 
contrary, in the event of Executives termination of engagement with the 
Company either (i) by the Company without Cause or Executive for Good 
Reason at any time within six (6) months prior to the consummation of a 
Change of Control if, prior to or as of such termination, a Change of 
Control transaction was Pending (as defined in Section 9(d) below) at any 
time during such six (6)-month period, (ii) by Executive for Good Reason at 
any time within twelve (12) months after the consummation of a Change of 
Control, or (iii) by the Company without Cause at any time within twelve 
(12) months after the consummation of a Change of Control, then, Executive 
shall be entitled to the following payments and other benefits:
 
(i)                                on the date of termination (except as 
specified in clause (D)), the Company shall pay to the Executive, if the 
Executive instructs the Company in writing, a lump sum amount equal to (A) 
any portion of unpaid Base Compensation then due for periods prior to the 
effective date of termination; (B) any Bonus earned and not yet paid 
through the date of termination; and (D) within 2-1/2 months following 
submission of proper expense reports by Executive, all expenses reasonably 
and necessarily incurred by Executive in connection with the business of 
the Company prior to the date of termination;
 
(ii)                             on the date of termination the Company 
shall pay to the Executive, if the Executive instructs the Company in 
writing, a lump sum amount equal to twelve (12) months of Executives Base 
Compensation then in effect as of the day of termination and reimburse 
Executive for the COBRA premiums he pays to maintain health insurance 
coverage for twelve (12) months following the date of termination;
 
(iii)                          notwithstanding any provision of any stock 
incentive plan, stock option agreement, realization bonus, restricted stock 
agreement or other agreement relating to capital stock of the Company, all 
of the shares that are then unvested shall immediately vest and, with 
respect to all options, warrants and other convertible securities of the 
Company beneficially held by Executive, become fully exercisable for (A) a 
period of six months following the date of termination only if at the time 
of such termination there is a Change of Control transaction
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Pending (as defined in Section 9(d) below) or (B) if clause (A) does not 
apply, then such period of time set forth in the agreement evidencing the 
security; and
 
(iv)                         Severance benefits under this Section 9(c) and 
Section 9(b) above shall be mutually exclusive and severance under one such 
section shall prohibit severance under the other.
 
(d)                                      Definition of Pending. For 
purposes of Section 9(c), a Change of Control transaction shall be deemed 
to be Pending each time any of the following circumstances exist: (A) the 
Company and a third party have entered into a confidentiality agreement 
that has been signed by a duly-authorized officer of the Company and that 
is related to a potential Change of Control transaction; or (B) the Company 
has received a written expression of interest from a third party, including 
a binding or non-binding term sheet or letter of intent, related to a 
potential Change of Control transaction.
 
(e)                                       If Executives employment 
terminates for any reason, Executive shall have no obligation to seek other 
employment and there shall be no setoff against amounts due to him under 
this Agreement for income or benefits from any subsequent employment.
 
10.                                    Indemnification. The Company agrees 
to indemnify and hold harmless Executive, to the fullest extent permitted 
by the laws of the State of Connecticut and applicable federal law in 
effect on the date hereof, or as such laws may be amended to increase the 
scope of such permitted indemnification, against any and all Losses if 
Executive was or is or becomes a party to or participant in, or is 
threatened to be made a party to or participant in, any Claim by reason of 
or arising in part out of an Indemnifiable Event, including, without 
limitation, Claims brought by or in the right of the Company, Claims 
brought by third parties, and Claims in which Executive is solely a 
witness. For purposes of this section, Claim means any proceeding, 
threatened or contemplated civil, criminal, administrative or arbitration 
action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therein and any inquiry or 
investigation which could lead to such action, suit or proceeding. 
Indemnifiable Event means any event or occurrence, whether occurring 
before, on or after the effective date of this Agreement, related to the 
fact that Executive was a director, officer, employee or agent of the 
Company or by reason of an action or inaction by Company in any such 
capacity whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any Loss is 
incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement. 
Losses means any and all damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, fines, 
penalties (whether civil, criminal or other), ERISA excise taxes, amounts 
paid or payable in settlement, including any interest, assessments, 
reasonable expenses, including attorneys fees, experts fees, court costs, 
transcript costs, travel expenses, printing, duplication and binding costs, 
and telephone charges, and all other charges paid or payable in connection 
with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating 
(including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate 
in, any Claim. The Company further agrees to maintain a directors and 
officers liability insurance policy covering Executive in an amount, and on 
terms no less favorable to him than the coverage the Company provides other 
senior executives and directors.
 
11.                               Successors. Any successor to the Company 
(whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger, 
consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the 
Companys business and/or assets or otherwise pursuant to a Change of 
Control shall assume
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Companys obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly in 
writing to perform the Companys obligations under this Agreement in the 
same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to 
perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes 
under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the 
Companys business and/or assets (including any parent company to the 
Company), whether or not in connection with a Change of Control, which 
becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law or 
otherwise.
 
12.                Notices. Notices and all other communications 
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to 
have been duly given when personally delivered (if to the Company, 
addressed to its Secretary at the Companys principal place of business on 
a non-holiday weekday between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m.; if to 
Executive, via personal service to his last known residence) or three 
business days following the date it is mailed by U.S. registered or 
certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid.
 
13.            Confidential Information.                 Executive 
recognizes and acknowledges that by reason of Executives engagement by and 
service to the Company before, during and, if applicable, after the 
Engagement Term, Executive will have access to certain confidential and 
proprietary information relating to the Companys business, which may 
include, but is not limited to, trade secrets, trade know-how, product 
development techniques and plans, formulas, customer lists and addresses, 
financing services, funding programs, cost and pricing information, 
marketing and sales techniques, strategy and programs, computer programs 
and software and financial information (collectively referred to herein as 
Confidential  Information). Executive acknowledges that such Confidential 
Information is a valuable and unique asset of the Company and Executive 
covenants that he will not, unless expressly authorized in writing by the 
Company, at any time during the course of Executives engagement use any 
Confidential Information or divulge or disclose any Confidential 
Information to any person, firm or corporation except in connection with 
the performance of Executives duties for and on behalf of the Company and 
in a manner consistent with the Companys policies regarding Confidential 
Information. Executive also covenants that at any time after the 
termination of such engagement, directly or indirectly, he will not use any 
Confidential Information or divulge or disclose any Confidential 
Information to any person, firm or corporation, unless such information is 
in the public domain through no fault of Executive or except when required 
to do so by a court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory 
authority over the business of the Company or by any administrative or 
legislative body (including a committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction 
to order Executive to divulge, disclose or make accessible such 
information. All written Confidential Information (including, without 
limitation, in any computer or other electronic format) which comes into 
Executives possession during the course of Executives engagement shall 
remain the property of the Company. Unless expressly authorized in writing 
by the Company, Executive shall not remove any written Confidential 
Information from the Companys premises, except in connection with the 
performance of Executives duties for and on behalf of the Company and in a 
manner consistent with the Companys policies regarding Confidential 
Information. Upon termination of Executives engagement, the Executive 
agrees to immediately return to the Company all written Confidential 
Information (including, without limitation, in any computer or other 
electronic format) in Executives possession. As a condition of Executives 
engagement with the Company and in order to protect the Companys interest 
in such proprietary information, the Company shall require Executives 
execution of a
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Confidentiality Agreement and Inventions Agreement in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit A, and incorporated herein by this reference
 
14.            Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation.
 
(a)                                 Non-Compete. The Executive hereby 
covenants and agrees that during the Engagement Term and for a period of 
one year following the Expiration Date, the Executive will not, without the 
prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, on his own 
behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, whether or not for 
compensation, engage in any business activity, or have any interest in any 
person, firm, corporation or business, through a subsidiary or parent 
entity or other entity (whether as a shareholder, agent, joint venturer, 
security holder, trustee, partner, Executive, creditor lending credit or 
money for the purpose of establishing or operating any such business, 
partner or otherwise) with any Competing Business in the Covered Area. For 
the purpose of this Section 14(a), (i) Competing Business means any 
business competing with any products and/or services of the Company or its 
affiliates that exist or are in the process of being formed or acquired as 
of the Expiration Date and (ii) Covered Area means all geographical areas 
of the United States and other foreign jurisdictions where Company then has 
offices and/or sells its products directly or indirectly through 
distributors and/or other sales agents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any 
activities associated with MeaHealthXcel, LLC shall be excluded from this 
Section 14(a) and the Executive may own shares of companies whose 
securities are publicly traded, so long as ownership of such securities do 
not constitute more than one percent (1%) of the outstanding securities of 
any such company.
 
(b)                                 Non-Solicitation. The Executive further 
agrees that during the Engagement Term and for a period of one (1) year 
from the Expiration Date, the Executive will not divert any business of the 
Company and/or its affiliates or any customers or suppliers of the Company 
and/or the Companys and/or its affiliates business to any other person, 
entity or competitor, or induce or attempt to induce, directly or 
indirectly, any person to leave his or her employment with the Company 
and/or its affiliates; provided, however, that the foregoing provisions 
shall not apply to a general advertisement or solicitation program that is 
not specifically targeted at such employees.
 
(c)               Remedies. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that his 
obligations provided herein are necessary and reasonable in order to 
protect the Company and its affiliates and their respective business and 
the Executive expressly agrees that monetary damages would be inadequate to 
compensate the Company and/or its affiliates for any breach by the 
Executive of his covenants and agreements set forth herein. Accordingly, 
the Executive agrees and acknowledges that any such violation or threatened 
violation of this Section 14 will cause irreparable injury to the Company 
and that, in addition to any other remedies that may be available, in law, 
in equity or otherwise, the Company and its affiliates shall be entitled to 
obtain injunctive relief against the threatened breach of this Section 14 
or the continuation of any such breach by the Executive without the 
necessity of proving actual damages.
 
15.                               Engagement Relationship. Executives 
engagement with the Company will be at will, meaning that either 
Executive or the Company may terminate Executives engagement at any time 
and for any reason, with or without Cause or Good Reason. Any contrary 
representations that may have been made to Executive are superseded by this 
Agreement. This
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
is the full and complete agreement between Executive and the Company on 
this term. Although Executives duties, title, compensation and benefits, 
as well as the Companys personnel policies and procedures, may change from 
time to time, the at will nature of Executives engagement may only be 
changed in an express written agreement signed by Executive and a duly 
authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive).
 
    16.                          Miscellaneous Provisions.
 
(a)                                      Modifications; No Waiver. No 
provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless 
the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by 
Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than 
Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance 
with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall 
be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same 
condition or provision at another time.
 
(b)                                      Entire Agreement. This Agreement 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties, 
oral or written. No modification, termination or attempted waiver shall be 
valid unless in writing, signed by the party against whom such 
modification, termination or waiver is sought to be enforced.
 
(c)                                       Choice of Law. The validity, 
interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be 
governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the conflicts of law 
rules, of the State of Connecticut.
 
(d)                                      Severability. The invalidity or 
unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which 
shall remain in full force and effect.
 
(e)                                       Counterparts. This Agreement may 
be executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain 
signatures of more than one party, and may be delivered by facsimile or 
other electronic means, but all of which shall be deemed originals and 
taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement.
 
(f)                                        Headings. The headings of the 
Articles and Sections hereof are inserted for convenience only and shall 
not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning 
thereof.
 
(g)                                       Construction of Agreement. In the 
event of a conflict between the text of the Agreement and any summary, 
description or other information regarding the Agreement, the text of the 
Agreement shall control.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in
 the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and
 year first above written.
 
COMPANY:
BioXcel Corporation
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Krishnan Nandabalan
 
Name:
Krishnan Nandabalan
 
Title:
President
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXECUTIVE:
/s/ Vimal D. Mehta
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

