 EX-10.3 6 d496783dex103.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3
 
[LOGO]

LEASE CRUDE OIL PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(BASIC)
Effective Date: June 1, 2017

ARP OKLAHOMA, LLC
Sypy Thomas
425 Houston St, Ste 300
Fort Worth, TX 76102
817 439-7570
sypythomas@atlasenergy.com

Dear Mr. Sypy Thomas,

This Lease Crude Oil Purchase Agreement (Agreement) is between Phillips 
66 Company (Buyer) and ARP OKLAHOMA, LLC (Seller) and covers the sale 
and delivery by Seller and the purchase and receipt by Buyer of the crude 
oil and/or condensate (Product) specified below upon the following terms 
and conditions:
 
1. 	TERM

This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date set forth above 
and shall continue thereafter on a month-to-month basis until cancelled by 
either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice. Any 
termination shall be effective as of the last day of the month in which the 
termination notice was valid
 
2. 	PRODUCT

Oklahoma Sweet Type Crude
 
3. 	QUALITY

Typical quality consistent with the Product specified above.
 
4. 	PRICE

Buyer will purchase the allowable marketable crude oil and/or condensate 
from the leases identified in the Exhibit(s) to this Agreement at the Price 
Schedule Description set forth in Exhibit A.
 
5. 	QUANTITY

Seller agrees to sell to Buyer and Buyer agrees to purchase from Seller all 
of Sellers owned or controlled interest in the production from the leases 
identified in the Exhibit(s) to this Agreement.
 
6. 	PAYMENTS

On or before the fifteenth (15th) day of the month following the month of 
delivery, Buyer shall render to Seller a statement showing total net 
quantity of Product purchased hereunder during the month of delivery. 
Except as provided in Section 7 below, Buyer shall pay for such Product on 
or before the twentieth (20th) day of the month following the month of 
delivery.
 
7. 	DIVISION ORDER

(a) Buyer will hold the basic division order for each of the leases 
identified in the Exhibit(s) to this Agreement and will tender payments to 
interest owners in a manner consistent with division order executed by such 
interest owners. Seller shall: (i) furnish, at its expense, evidence of 
title reasonably acceptable to Buyer; (ii) provide to Buyer the names, 
social security numbers or tax identification numbers and current mailing 
addresses of all interest owners; (iii) indemnify Buyer from all liability 
resulting from payments made to interest owners identified by Seller 
pursuant to clause (ii) above including, but not limited to, attorney fees 
incurred by Buyer or judgments affecting Buyer in connection with any suit 
in respect of ownership of interests in any of the leases identified in the 
Exhibit(s) to this Agreement; and (iv) indemnify Buyer from all liability 
for interest on any payment withheld as permitted by this Agreement or 
applicable law or because, in the reasonable opinion of Buyer, title to an 
interest is not marketable.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) As used in clause (a)(i), above, the term evidence of title reasonably 
acceptable to Buyer may include a Division Order Title Opinion (and any 
necessary supplements thereto) prepared on the basis of an attorneys 
examination of (i) complete abstract coverage of the lands included in the 
subject lease from the inception of title to a time subsequent to the date 
of the first delivery of the Product purchased by Buyer under this 
Agreement, certified by a bonded abstractor authorized to do business in 
the county or counties in which the lands are located, (ii) complete copies 
of the subject leases(s), together with receipts showing the proper payment 
of all delay rentals previously due and payable, and/or (iii) copies of all 
spacing, unitization, or other conservation orders affecting the subject 
lease(s), and/or such other evidence of title to said land or the 
production therefrom as may be reasonably required by Buyer. On or before 
the date that the Product is first delivered to Buyer hereunder, Seller 
shall provide such evidence of title to Buyer at the following address:

Phillips 66 Company
Division Order Dept.
P.O. Box 5400
Bartlesville, OK 74005-5400

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, with 
respect to payables, Buyer shall have the right to (i) withhold payment to 
any interest owner(s) until the total amount owed equals $25, or until 12 
months proceeds have accumulated, whichever occurs first, or as prescribed 
by applicable law; or (ii) initiate an action in the nature of interpleader 
with respect to any interest in dispute and may deposit payments in dispute 
with the court. If any interest has been suspended for more than 12 months, 
and in any event upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, Buyer 
shall have the right to tender any suspended payments in its possession 
directly to Seller which shall constitute full satisfaction of Buyers 
obligations with respect to such payments and in such case, Seller shall be 
solely responsible for remitting payment to the relevant interest owner(s).
 
8. 	TAXES

Buyer will collect, pay and report all applicable state taxes or fees as 
required by law on severance or production of the Product as the first 
purchaser of the Product. Buyer will report and, if required, withhold 
federal tax, on form 1099 or form 1042-s on the applicable royalty and 
interest owners paid by Buyer, based upon the information provided in the 
division order. If applicable, Buyer will also report, and if required, 
withhold state withholding tax on the royalty and/or interest owners paid 
by Buyer.

Seller acknowledges and agrees that it has an ongoing duty to promptly 
inform Buyer in writing (which may be sent electronically to the relevant 
Buyer email address set forth in Section 18) of any tax rate, tax incentive 
rate and/or tax exemption status (collectively referred to herein as Tax 
Information) applicable to the sale of the Product which is the subject of 
this Agreement. Seller agrees to hold Buyer harmless for any losses or 
costs Buyer incurs as a result of misinformation and/or failure to promptly 
apprise Buyer of the relevant Tax Information or any changes thereto.
 
9. 	DELIVERY

Title to all Product sold and delivered to Buyer hereunder shall pass from 
Seller to Buyer as such Product passes the outlet flange of Sellers 
tankage on the lease or leases from which such Product is being purchased. 
Buyer agrees to promptly take delivery of the Product upon availability 
from Sellers tanks or through a pipeline. If Buyer takes delivery by a 
third party common carrier, Buyer shall promptly notify Seller of the 
carriers name and address.
 
10. 	WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY

Seller warrants title, free and clear of all taxes, liens and encumbrances, 
to the Product delivered hereunder and warrants that Product has been 
produced, handled and transported to the delivery point in accordance with 
the laws, rules and regulations of all applicable local, state or federal 
authorities. Seller warrants that the Product delivered hereunder is not 
contaminated by chemicals foreign to virgin crude oil and/or condensate 
including, but not limited to, chlorinated and/or oxygenated hydrocarbons. 
Without prejudice to any other remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may reject 
Product which is found to be so contaminated, and may return contaminated 
Product to Seller at Sellers expense, even after delivery to Buyer.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11. 	MEASUREMENT AND TESTS

Quantities of the Product delivered hereunder shall be delivered from tank 
gauges on 100% tank table basis, or by the use of mutually acceptable 
automatic measuring equipment. Volume and gravity (API) of said quantities 
shall be corrected for temperature to 60 degrees Fahrenheit in accordance 
with the latest  A.S.T.M.-I.P. Petroleum Measurement Tables. Product 
delivered hereunder shall be merchantable and acceptable to the carriers 
involved. Full deduction shall be made for all BS&W content as determined 
by tests conducted according to the latest A.S.T.M. standards. Each party 
shall have the right to have a representative present to witness all 
gauges, tests and measurements; however, in the absence of either partys 
representative, the gauges, tests and measurements of the testing party 
shall be deemed to be correct.
 
12. 	ASSIGNMENT

Neither party shall have the right to assign this Agreement without the 
prior written consent of the other party which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.
 
13. 	FORCE MAJEURE

Neither party shall be liable to the other for failure to perform any other 
obligations herein imposed for the time and to the extent such failure is 
occasioned by an event or circumstance which prevents one party from 
performing its obligations under this Agreement, which event or 
circumstance was not anticipated as of the Effective Date of this 
Agreement, which is not within the reasonable control of, or the result of 
the negligence of, the claiming party, and which, by the exercise of due 
diligence, the claiming party is unable to overcome or avoid or cause to be 
avoided (each, a Force Majeure Event).

The affected party (Affected Party) must give the other party prompt 
written notice of the Force Majeure Event stating the nature of the 
condition and when the condition began and must make commercially 
reasonable attempts to ameliorate, avoid or remove the effects of the Force 
Majeure Event and continue performance under this Agreement as soon as 
possible. During such Force Majeure Event, both parties shall be excused 
from the performance of its obligations under this Agreement (other than 
the obligation to make payments then due or becoming due with respect to 
performance prior to the Force Majeure Event). The Affected Party must 
notify the other party when the Force Majeure Event no longer affects its 
ability to perform under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision in 
this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will a Force Majeure Event 
extend the term of this Agreement beyond the then-effective Term.
 
14. 	HAZARDOUS OR UNSAFE CONDITIONS

Seller shall inform Buyer if any Product has detectable levels of hydrogen 
sulfide gas (H2S). Buyer may refuse to purchase Product from any lease 
location that Buyer determines to be dangerous, hazardous, or unsafe. 
Purchases will not resume until such concerns are addressed and repaired to 
the satisfaction and approval of Buyer. If such hazardous/unsafe conditions 
are not addressed and remediated to the satisfaction of Buyer, Buyer may 
terminate this Agreement with immediate effect and without penalty.
 
15. 	LOGISTICS

Buyers designated transporter is:
 
Name of Transporter
   	
Email
   	
Contact Phone No.
Sentinel Dispatch: 	   	www.crudeoildispatch.com 	   	800-814-1259 ext. 290
Route 3, Box 116, 	   	 	   	
Hennessey, Oklahoma 73742 	   	 	   	

Seller shall notify Buyer when the Product is ready to be transported.
 
16. 	TAXING AUTHORITY

For deliveries in the States listed below. Seller shall advise the 
applicable state taxing authority that the Buyer is

For Oklahoma deliveries, Seller shall advise the Oklahoma Tax Commission 
that the oil purchaser is:

Phillips 66
Purchaser # 22985
Federal Tax ID# 37-1652702
 
17. 	NOTICES

All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be 
in writing and deemed to be properly given if (a) delivered in person, or 
(b) sent by facsimile (provided that a positive transmittal sheet is 
generated and able to be provided), or (c) sent by United States certified 
mail with first class postage prepaid, or (d) delivered by private, prepaid 
courier, and addressed to the appropriate party. A party may change its 
address by providing written notice to the other Party, or to such other 
address as a party shall from time to time designate. The notice details of 
the parties are as follows:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If to BUYER:

Phillips 66
ATTN: CONTRACTS
201 NW 63RD St., Suite 300
Oklahoma City, OK 73116
Fax: 405-879-4855

If to SELLER:

As set forth at the beginning of this Agreement
 
18. 	BUYER CONTACTS
 
  	   	
Name
   	
Phone
   	
Fax
Division Order Contact: 	   	Vicki Catlin (OK & KS) 	   	(918) 977-6839 	   	
(918) 977-6006
   	Greg Buie 	   	(918) 977-5784 	   	(918) 977-6007
   	Pam Blake 	   	(918) 977-5204 	   	(918) 977-9007
Regulatory Issues: 	   	Alex Leitch, Kansas/OK 	   	(918) 977-4359 	   	
(918) 977-8084
   	Kelsey Salinas 	   	(918) 977-7382 	   	
Owner Relations: 	   	Royalty Interests Questions 	   	A-K:(918) 977-6004 	
   	a-koru@p66.com
   	 	   	L-Z: (918) 977-6004 	   	l-zoru@p66.com
   	Operator Questions Only 	   	(918) 977-6030 	   	
 
19. 	GOVERNING LAW/VENUE

This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the State of Texas except for any choice of law requirement that 
otherwise may apply the law from another jurisdiction. Any dispute relating 
to, arising out of, or connected with this Agreement shall be exclusively 
filed and maintained in a State or Federal court located in Houston, Harris 
County, Texas.
 
20. 	SANCTIONS AND CONFLICT OF INTEREST

Sanctions. If either party or its owner(s) is or becomes identified on any 
government export denial, blocked, debarred, Specially Designated 
National, or other similar list, the other party may terminate this 
agreement immediately upon written notice. Each party shall be excused from 
performance of any obligation under this agreement if such performance is 
prohibited under sanctions laws. Each party agrees to Indemnify the other 
for any fines, penalties, claims, losses, damages, costs (including legal 
costs), expenses, and liabilities that may arise as a result of the 
indemnifying partys breach of its obligations under these clauses.

Conflict of Interest. Neither party shall directly or indirectly, pay 
salaries, commissions, or fees, or make payments or rebates to employees or 
officers of the other Party, nor favor employees, officers, or the 
designees thereof of the other party with gifts or entertainment of 
unreasonable cost or value, or with services or goods sold at less than 
full market value, or enter into business arrangements with employees or 
officers of the other party, unless such employees or officers are acting 
as representatives of the other party.

Order of Preference. In the event of a conflict between this section and 
any other provision, the terms of this section shall prevail.
 
21. 	GTCs

All quantity and quality determinations shall be made in accordance with 
Phillips 66 Companys Quality Determination Guidelines (2014) (Measurement 
Guidelines). ConocoPhillips Companys General Provisions for Domestic 
Crude Oil Agreements, issued as of January 1, 1993, and amended as of 
August 1, 2009 (GTCs) shall apply to this Agreement. The specific terms 
set forth in this Agreement, the GTCs and the Measurement Guidelines 
contain the entire agreement of the parties with respect to this 
transaction and no other promises, representations or warranties have been 
made by Seller or Buyer. In the event of a conflict between the Measurement 
Guidelines, the GTCs and/or this Agreement, the Measurement Guidelines 
shall govern unless specifically identified and negated in this Agreement. 
In the event of a conflict between the GTCs and this Agreement, this 
Agreement shall govern.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
22. 	IMAGED AGREEMENT/METHOD OF EXECUTION

This Agreement may be scanned and stored electronically, or stored on 
computer tapes and disks, as may be practicable (Imaged Agreement). The 
Imaged Agreement, if introduced as evidence on paper, in any judicial, 
arbitration, mediation or administrative proceedings, will be admissible as 
between the parties to the same extent and under the same conditions as 
other business records originated and maintained in documentary form. 
Neither party shall object to the admissibility of any Imaged Agreement (or 
photocopies of the transcription of such Imaged Agreement) on the basis 
that such were not originated or maintained in documentary form under 
either the hearsay rule, the best evidence rule or other rule of evidence. 
However, nothing herein shall be construed as a waiver of any other 
objection to the admissibility of such evidence.

This Agreement may be delivered via facsimile or email/pdf, it being the 
express intent of the Parties that such Agreement delivered via facsimile 
or email/pdf shall have the same force and effect as if it was an original.
 
23. 	GOVERNMENTAL OR REGULATORY REQUIRED PRICE ADJUSTMENTS

Buyer and Seller agree that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Agreement, in the event that any governmental or regulatory entity 
(howsoever defined or described) exercising, or entitled or purporting to 
exercise, any administrative, executive, Judicial, legislative, regulatory 
or taxing authority or power over the parties and/or the transaction which 
is the subject of the Agreement, requires that Buyer make payments at a 
price higher than that which is stated in the Agreement, Seller agrees to 
make Buyer whole by reimbursing Buyer for the difference along with any 
associated penalties or interest payments required to be made by Buyer. 
Reimbursements for price differences shall be deducted by Buyer as a credit 
against any future payments to Seller or, at Buyers option, payable by 
Seller within ten (10) business days after receipt of Buyers invoice. 
Reimbursements for penalties or interest shall be payable by Seller within 
ten (10) business days after receipt of Buyers invoice.
 
24. 	MISCELLANEOUS.

Effective January 1, 2015, Phillips 66 Company has implemented a new system 
which has changed the way Sellers new lease numbers look. Sellers will 
still be able to use their existing owner numbers, as well as facility 
numbers in any place that have been used before. In the event of questions, 
please contact your Owner Relations representative.

This Agreement memorializes the understanding previously reached between 
the parties with respect to the purchase of crude oil set forth above. 
Please sign and send this Agreement back to us by US mail, email/PDF, fax 
or courier. However, if we do not receive a countersigned Agreement from 
you within FIVE (5) business days from the date of this Agreement, we shall 
assume your acceptance of the terms herein.
 
  	Best regards,
  	PHILLIPS 66 COMPANY
  	/s/ Danny Rodriguez
  	Danny Rodriguez
  	Lease Representative
  	Mobile (405) 476-8958
  	Work (405) 879-4831
  	Fax (405) 879-4855
  	Danny.R.Rodriguez@P66.com
 
Agreed: 	  	WD
ARP OKLAHOMA, LLC 	  	
By: 	  	/s/ Sypy Thomas
Name: 	  	Sypy Thomas
Title: 	  	VP, Midstream & Marketing

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]