 EX-10.8 14 a17-7305_14ex10d8.htm EX-10.8
Exhibit 10.8
 
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
 
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made effective as of 
February 12, 2018, by and between Cactus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Corporation), and Joel Bender, an individual resident of the State of 
Texas (Indemnitee).
 
RECITALS:
 
WHEREAS, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations 
or business enterprises are subjected to expensive and time-consuming 
litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally 
would have been brought only against the business enterprise itself;
 
WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve as 
directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with 
adequate protection through insurance and adequate indemnification against 
inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their 
service to and activities on behalf of the entity at which they serve;
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board) has 
determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such 
persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Corporation and its 
stockholders and that the Corporation should act to assure such persons 
that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;
 
WHEREAS, (i) the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation (as may be 
amended, the Bylaws) require indemnification of the officers and 
directors of the Corporation, (ii) Indemnitee may also be entitled to 
indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of 
Delaware (DGCL) and (iii) the Bylaws and the DGCL each expressly provide 
that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive and 
thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the 
Corporation and members of the Board, officers and other persons with 
respect to indemnification;
 
WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to the Bylaws and the Amended and 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as may be 
amended, the Certificate of Incorporation) and any resolutions adopted 
pursuant thereto, and shall not diminish or abrogate any rights of 
Indemnitee thereunder; and
 
WHEREAS, (i) Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the 
Bylaws and insurance as adequate in the present circumstances, (ii) 
Indemnitee may not be willing to serve or continue to serve as a director 
or officer of the Corporation without adequate protection, (iii) the 
Corporation desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity, and (iv) 
Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional 
service for or on behalf of the Corporation on the condition that he or she 
be so indemnified.
 
AGREEMENT:
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants 
contained herein, the Corporation and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and 
agree as follows:
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 1.                                           Definitions.  (a) As 
used in this Agreement:
 
Affiliate of any specified Person shall mean any other Person 
controlling, controlled by or under common control with such specified 
Person.
 
Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a 
director, manager, officer, employee or agent of (i) the Corporation, (ii) 
any predecessor and any previous, current or future subsidiary or other 
controlled Affiliate of the Corporation, including, without limitation, 
Cactus Wellhead, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Cactus LLC), 
and its subsidiaries and controlled Affiliates, including, without 
limitation, Cactus Wellhead (Suzhou) Pressure Control Co., Ltd. (Suzhou
), a Chinese limited company, and Cactus Wellhead Australia Pty, Ltd (
CWA), an Australian limited company, or (iii) any other corporation, 
limited liability company, partnership or joint venture, trust, employee 
benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the 
request of the Corporation.
 
Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Corporation who is 
not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which 
indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.
 
Enterprise shall mean (i) the Corporation, (ii) any predecessor and any 
previous, current or future subsidiary or other controlled Affiliate of the 
Corporation, including, without limitation, Cactus LLC and its subsidiaries 
and controlled Affiliates, including, without limitation, Suzhou and CWA, 
and (iii) any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, 
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise at which 
Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a 
director, manager, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary.
 
    Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
    amended.
 
Expenses shall mean all reasonable costs, expenses, fees and charges, 
including, without limitation, attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, 
transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, 
duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, 
delivery service fees, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types 
customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing 
to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness 
in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding.  Expenses also shall 
include, without limitation, (i) expenses incurred in connection with any 
appeal resulting from, incurred by Indemnitee in connection with, arising 
out of, or in respect of or relating to, any Proceeding, including, without 
limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost 
bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) for 
purposes of Section 13(d) hereof only, expenses incurred by Indemnitee in 
connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees 
rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise, (iii) any federal, 
state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the 
actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and (iv) any 
interest, assessments or other charges in respect of the foregoing.  
Expenses shall not include Liabilities.
 
Indemnity Obligations shall mean all obligations of the Corporation to 
Indemnitee under this Agreement, including the Corporations obligations to 
provide indemnification to Indemnitee and advance Expenses to Indemnitee 
under this Agreement.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm of fifty (50) or more 
attorneys, or a member of a law firm of fifty (50) or more attorneys, that 
is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor 
in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent:  (i) the 
Corporation or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party 
(other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this 
Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification 
agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a 
claim for indemnification hereunder; provided, however, that the term 
Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the 
applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a 
conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or Indemnitee 
in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.
 
Liabilities shall mean all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, 
judgments, orders, fines, penalties and other amounts payable in connection 
with, arising out of, or in respect of or relating to any Proceeding, 
including, without limitation, amounts paid in settlement in any Proceeding 
and all costs and expenses in complying with any judgment, order or decree 
issued or entered in connection with any Proceeding or any settlement 
agreement, stipulation or consent decree entered into or issued in 
settlement of any Proceeding.
 
Person shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited 
partnership, limited liability company, trust, governmental agency or body 
or any other legal entity.
 
Proceeding shall mean any threatened, pending or completed action, claim, 
suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, formal or 
informal hearing, inquiry or investigation, litigation, inquiry, 
administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed 
judicial, administrative or arbitration proceeding (including, without 
limitation, any such proceeding under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, or the Exchange Act or any other federal law, state law, statute 
or regulation), whether brought in the right of the Corporation or 
otherwise, and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or 
investigative nature, in each case, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be, 
or is threatened to be, involved as a party, witness or otherwise by reason 
of such Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any actual or alleged 
action taken (or a failure to take action) by Indemnitee or of any action 
(or inaction) on Indemnitees part while acting as director or officer of 
the Corporation, or by reason of his or her Corporate Status, in each case 
whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or 
expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or 
advancement can be provided under this Agreement.
 
Subsidiary Documents shall mean the certificate or articles of 
incorporation, certificate of formation, bylaws, limited liability company 
agreement, partnership agreement, joint venture or trust agreement, and any 
other organizational document or other agreement of any Enterprise, as 
applicable, including, without limitation, Cactus LLC.
 
(b)                                 For the purpose hereof, references to 
fines shall include any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee 
benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Corporation, 
employed and similar terms, shall include any service as a director, 
manager, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties 
on, or involves services by, such director, manager, officer, employee or 
agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or 
beneficiaries; and a Person who acted in good faith and in a manner he or 
she reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and 
beneficiaries of an employee
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the 
best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Agreement.
 
Section 2.                                           Services to the 
Corporation.  Indemnitee agrees to serve as a director, manager, officer, 
employee or agent of the Corporation, as applicable, or, by mutual 
agreement of the Corporation and Indemnitee, as a director, manager, 
officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of another Enterprise, as applicable. 
Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position 
(subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by 
operation of law), in which event the Corporation shall have no obligation 
under this Agreement to continue Indemnitee in such position. This 
Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the 
Corporation (or any Enterprise) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically 
acknowledges that Indemnitees employment with the Corporation (or any 
Enterprise), if any, is at will, and Indemnitee may be discharged at any 
time for any reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise 
provided in any written employment contract between Indemnitee and the 
Corporation (or any Enterprise), other applicable formal severance policies 
duly adopted by the Board, or, with respect to service as a director or 
officer of the Corporation, by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws 
and the DGCL. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue 
in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, manager, 
officer, employee or agent of any Enterprise, as applicable, as provided in 
Section 15 hereof.
 
Section 3.                                           Indemnity in 
Third-Party Proceedings.  The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless 
Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and 
against all Liabilities and Expenses suffered or reasonably incurred (and, 
in the case of retainers, reasonably expected to be incurred) by Indemnitee 
or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with any Proceeding (other than any 
Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a 
judgment in its favor, which is provided for in Section 4 below), or any 
claim, issue or matter therein.
 
Section 4.                                           Indemnity in 
Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation.  The Corporation shall 
indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, from and against all Expenses suffered or incurred (and, in 
the case of retainers, reasonably expected to be incurred) by Indemnitee or 
on Indemnitees behalf in connection with any Proceeding brought by or in 
the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, or any 
claim, issue or matter therein.  No indemnification for Expenses shall be 
made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to 
which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable 
to the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Court of 
Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court) or any court in 
which the Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, 
despite the adjudication of liability, but in view of all the circumstances 
of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to such 
indemnification.
 
Section 5.                                           Indemnification for 
Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding any 
other provisions of this Agreement, and without limiting the rights of 
Indemnitee under any other provision hereof, including any rights to 
indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 hereof, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, to the extent that Indemnitee is 
successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of 
any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Corporation 
shall indemnify
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred (and, in 
the case of retainers, reasonably expected to be incurred) by Indemnitee or 
on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved 
Proceeding, claim, issue or matter.  For purposes of this Section 5 and 
without limitation, the termination of any Proceeding or claim, issue or 
matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall 
be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.
 
Section 6.                                           Indemnification For 
Expenses of a Witness.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the 
extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a 
witness or otherwise a participant in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is 
not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses suffered 
or incurred (or, in the case of retainers, reasonably expected to be 
incurred) by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith.
 
Section 7.                                           Additional 
Indemnification.  Notwithstanding any limitation in Section 3, Section 4 or 
Section 5 hereof, the Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law if Indemnitee is a party to or 
threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by 
or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor) 
against all Liabilities and Expenses suffered or reasonably incurred (and, 
in the case of retainers, reasonably expected to be incurred) by Indemnitee 
in connection with such Proceeding, including but not limited to:
 
(a)                                 the fullest extent permitted by the 
provision of the DGCL that authorizes or contemplates additional 
indemnification by agreement, or the corresponding provision of any 
amendment to or replacement of the DGCL; and
 
(b)                                 the fullest extent authorized or 
permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after 
the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation 
may indemnify its officers and directors.
 
Section 8.                                           Exclusions.  
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Corporation shall not 
be obligated under this Agreement to indemnify or hold harmless Indemnitee:
 
(a)                                 for amounts otherwise indemnifiable by 
the Corporation hereunder as to which payment has actually been made to or 
on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy, constituent document, 
contract or otherwise (other than pursuant to this Agreement), but only to 
the extent of such payments actually made;
 
(b)                                 for an accounting of profits made from 
the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of 
the Corporation within the meaning of Section 16b of the Exchange Act or 
similar provisions of state statutory law or common law;
 
(c)                                  except as provided in Section 13(d) of 
this Agreement, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any 
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part 
of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Corporation or its 
directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board 
authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its 
initiation, (ii) the Corporation provides the indemnification, in
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Corporation under 
applicable law or (iii) such Proceeding is being brought by Indemnitee to 
assert, interpret or enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement (for 
the avoidance of doubt, Indemnitee shall not be deemed, for purposes of 
this subsection, to have initiated or brought any claim by reason of having 
asserted any affirmative defenses in connection with a claim not initiated 
by Indemnitee or having made any counterclaim (whether permissive or 
mandatory) in connection with any claim not initiated by Indemnitee); or
 
(d)                                 if a final decision by a court having 
jurisdiction in the matter that is not subject to appeal shall determine 
that such indemnification is not lawful.
 
Section 9.                                           Advancement.  In 
accordance with the pre-existing requirements of the Bylaws, and 
notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the 
Corporation shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, 
the Expenses reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any 
Proceeding, and such advancement shall be made within thirty (30) days 
after the receipt by the Corporation of a statement or statements 
requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final 
disposition of any Proceeding.  Advances shall be unsecured and interest 
free.  Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to 
repay such advances and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement 
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement.  Advances 
shall include any and all Expenses reasonably incurred pursuing an action 
to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing 
and forwarding statements to the Corporation to support the advances 
claimed.  Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and 
delivery to the Corporation of this Agreement, which shall constitute an 
undertaking providing that Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts 
advanced to the extent that it is ultimately determined by final judicial 
decision from which there is no further right to appeal that Indemnitee is 
not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation.  This Section 9 shall 
not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded 
pursuant to Section 8 hereof.  Nothing in this Section 9 shall limit 
Indemnitees right to advancement pursuant to Section 13(d) of this 
Agreement.
 
Section 10.                                    Procedure for Notification 
and Defense of Claim.
 
(a)                                 Indemnitee shall promptly notify the 
Corporation in writing of any Proceeding with respect to which Indemnitee 
intends to seek indemnification or advancement hereunder following the 
receipt by Indemnitee of written notice thereof.  The written notification 
to the Corporation shall include a description of the nature of the 
Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding.  To obtain 
indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the 
Corporation a written request, including therein or therewith such 
documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and 
is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee 
is entitled to indemnification following the final disposition of such 
Proceeding.  Any delay or failure by Indemnitee to notify the Corporation 
hereunder will not relieve the Corporation from any liability which it may 
have to Indemnitee hereunder or otherwise than under this Agreement, and 
any delay or failure in so notifying the Corporation shall not constitute a 
waiver by Indemnitee of any rights under this Agreement.  The Secretary of 
the Corporation shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for 
indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested 
indemnification.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 In the event Indemnitee is entitled to 
indemnification and/or advancement with respect to any Proceeding, 
Indemnitee may, at Indemnitees option, (i) retain counsel (including local 
counsel) selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Corporation to defend 
Indemnitee in such Proceeding, at the sole expense of the Corporation 
(which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or 
delayed), or (ii) have the Corporation assume the defense of Indemnitee in 
such Proceeding, in which case the Corporation shall assume the defense of 
such Proceeding with counsel selected by the Corporation and approved by 
Indemnitee (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned 
or delayed) within ten (10) days of the Corporations receipt of written 
notice of Indemnitees election to cause the Corporation to do so.  If the 
Corporation is required to assume the defense of any such Proceeding, it 
shall engage legal counsel for such defense, and the Corporation shall be 
solely responsible for all fees and expenses of such legal counsel and 
otherwise of such defense.  Such legal counsel may represent both 
Indemnitee and the Corporation (and any other party or parties entitled to 
be indemnified by the Corporation with respect to such matter) unless, in 
the reasonable opinion of legal counsel to Indemnitee, there is a conflict 
of interest between Indemnitee and the Corporation (or any other such party 
or parties) or there are legal defenses available to Indemnitee that are 
not available to the Corporation (or any such other party or parties).  
Notwithstanding either partys assumption of responsibility for defense of 
a Proceeding, each party shall have the right to engage separate counsel at 
its own expense.  The party having responsibility for defense of a 
Proceeding shall provide the other party and its counsel with all copies of 
pleadings and material correspondence relating to the Proceeding.  
Indemnitee and the Corporation shall reasonably cooperate in the defense of 
any Proceeding with respect to which indemnification is sought hereunder, 
regardless of whether the Corporation or Indemnitee assumes the defense 
thereof.  Indemnitee may not settle or compromise any Proceeding without 
the prior written consent of the Corporation, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  The Corporation may not 
settle or compromise any Proceeding without the prior written consent of 
Indemnitee.
 
Section 11.                                    Procedure Upon Application 
for Indemnification.
 
(a)                                 Upon written request by Indemnitee for 
indemnification pursuant to Section 10(a) hereof, if any determination by 
the Corporation is required by applicable law with respect to Indemnitees 
entitlement thereto, such determination shall be made (i) if Indemnitee 
shall request such determination be made by Independent Counsel, by 
Independent Counsel, and (ii) in all other circumstances, (A) by a majority 
vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the 
Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a 
majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a 
quorum of the Board, (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors or, 
if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a 
written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to 
Indemnitee, or (D) if so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the 
Corporation; and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to 
indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days 
after such determination.  Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, 
persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees 
entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons 
or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information 
which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is 
reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such 
determination.  Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with 
the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by 
the Corporation (irrespective of the determination as to
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Corporation hereby 
indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.  The 
Corporation will not deny any written request for indemnification hereunder 
made in good faith by Indemnitee unless a determination described in this 
Section 11(a) has been made that such Indemnitee is not entitled to such 
indemnification.  The Corporation agrees to pay the reasonable fees and 
expenses of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully 
indemnify such counsel against any and all Liabilities and Expenses arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.
 
(b)                                 In the event the determination of 
entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel 
pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof, (i) the Independent Counsel shall be 
selected by the Corporation within ten (10) days of the Submission Date 
(the cost of such Independent Counsel to be paid by the Corporation), (ii) 
the Corporation shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising of the 
identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and (iii) Indemnitee may, 
within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been 
given, deliver to the Corporation Indemnitees written objection to such 
selection.  Such objection by Indemnitee may be asserted only on the ground 
that the Independent Counsel selected does not meet the requirements of 
Independent Counsel as defined in this Agreement.  If such written 
objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected shall 
not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until Indemnitee withdraws the 
objection or a court has determined that such objection is without merit.  
Absent a timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent 
Counsel.  If no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not 
objected to before the later of (i) thirty (30) days after the later of 
submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant 
to Section 11(a) hereof (the Submission Date) and (ii) ten (10) days 
after the final disposition of the Proceeding, each of the Corporation and 
Indemnitee shall select a law firm or member of a law firm meeting the 
qualifications to serve as Independent Counsel, and such law firms or 
members of law firms shall select the Independent Counsel.  Upon the due 
commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 
13(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and 
relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the 
applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).
 
Section 12.                                    Presumptions and Effect of 
Certain Proceedings.
 
(a)                                 In making a determination with respect 
to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity 
making such determination shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by 
applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification 
under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for 
indemnification in accordance with Section 10(a) of this Agreement, and the 
Corporation shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, 
have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with 
the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary 
to that presumption.  Neither the failure of the Corporation (including by 
its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to 
the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that 
indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met 
the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the 
Corporation (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that 
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a 
defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met 
the applicable standard of conduct.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 Subject to Section 13(e) hereof, if the 
person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 11 of this 
Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification 
shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by 
the Corporation of the request therefore, the requisite determination of 
entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited 
by applicable law, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be 
entitled to such indemnification, absent a prohibition of such 
indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day 
period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 
thirty (30) days, if (i) the determination is to be made by Independent 
Counsel and Indemnitee objects to the Corporations selection of 
Independent Counsel and (ii) the Independent Counsel ultimately selected 
requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of 
documentation or information relating thereto; provided further, however, 
that such 60-day period may also be extended for a reasonable time, not to 
exceed an additional sixty (60) days, if the determination of entitlement 
to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders of the Corporation.
 
(c)                                  The termination of any Proceeding or 
of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or 
conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not 
(except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) adversely affect 
the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that 
Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she 
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the 
Corporation or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee 
had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.
 
(d)                                 Reliance as Safe Harbor.  For purposes 
of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have 
acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books 
of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on 
information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the 
course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the 
Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the 
Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser 
or other expert selected with the reasonable care by  the Enterprise.  The 
provisions of this Section 12(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to 
limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed 
to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.
 
(e)                                  Actions of Others.  The knowledge or 
actions, or failure to act, of any director, manager, officer, agent or 
employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes 
of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.
 
Section 13.                                    Remedies of Indemnitee.
 
(a)                                 Subject to Section 13(e) hereof, in the 
event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 11 of this 
Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this 
Agreement, (ii) advancement is not timely made pursuant to Section 9 of 
this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification 
shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement within 
ninety (90) days after receipt by the Corporation of the request for 
indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to 
Section 5 or Section 6 or the third to last sentence of Section 11(a) of 
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Corporation of a 
written request therefor, (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 3, Section 4 or Section 7 of this Agreement is not made within ten 
(10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled 
to indemnification, or (vi) in the event that the Corporation or any other 
Person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void 
or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or 
Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, Indemnitee the benefits 
provided or intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee 
shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of Indemnitees entitlement 
to such indemnification or advancement.  Alternatively, Indemnitee, at 
Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a 
single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the 
American Arbitration Association.  The Corporation shall not oppose 
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.
 
(b)                                 In the event that a determination shall 
have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee 
is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration 
commenced pursuant to this Section 13 shall be conducted in all respects as 
a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be 
prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.  In any judicial 
proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13, the 
Corporation shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to 
indemnification or advancement, as the case may be.
 
(c)                                  If a determination shall have been 
made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is 
entitled to indemnification, the Corporation shall be bound by such 
determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant 
to this Section 13, absent a prohibition of such indemnification under 
applicable law.
 
(d)                                 The Corporation shall, to the fullest 
extent not prohibited by applicable law, be precluded from asserting in any 
judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 
that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, 
binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any 
such arbitrator that the Corporation is bound by all the provisions of this 
Agreement.  It is the intent of the Corporation that Indemnitee not be 
required to incur Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement 
or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or 
otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract 
from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder.  The 
Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all such Expenses 
and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt 
by the Corporation of a written request therefore) advance, to the extent 
not prohibited by applicable law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, which are 
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee 
for indemnification or advancement from the Corporation under this 
Agreement or the Bylaws or under any directors and officers liability 
insurance policies maintained by the Corporation, regardless of whether 
Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, 
advancement or insurance recovery, as the case may be.
 
(e)                                  Notwithstanding anything in this 
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to 
indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to 
the final disposition of the Proceeding; provided that, in absence of any 
such determination with respect to such Proceeding, the Corporation shall 
advance Expenses with respect to such Proceeding.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 14.                                    Non-Exclusivity; Survival of 
Rights; Insurance; Subrogation.
 
(a)                                 The rights of indemnification and to 
receive advancement as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed 
exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be 
entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the 
Bylaws, any Subsidiary Document, any other agreement, a vote of 
stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise.  No amendment, 
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall 
limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect 
of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate 
Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal.  The Corporation 
shall not adopt or approve, directly or indirectly, any amendment or 
alteration to, or repeal of, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws 
or any applicable Subsidiary Document, the effect of which would be to 
deny, diminish or encumber Indemnitees rights to indemnification pursuant 
to this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any 
applicable Subsidiary Document,  or applicable law relative to such rights 
prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change 
in Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater 
indemnification or advancement than would be afforded currently under the 
Bylaws or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that 
Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded 
by such change.  No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be 
exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy 
shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given 
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise.  
The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, 
shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right 
or remedy.
 
(b)                                 The Corporation hereby acknowledges 
that Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement and 
insurance provided by one or more Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may 
be associated.  The Corporation hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the 
Corporation shall be the indemnitor of first resort with respect to any 
Proceeding, Expense, Liability or matter that is the subject of Indemnity 
Obligations, (ii) the Corporation shall be primarily liable for all 
Indemnity Obligations and any indemnification afforded to Indemnitee in 
respect of any Proceeding, Expense, Liability or matter that is the subject 
of Indemnity Obligations, whether created by applicable law, organizational 
or constituent documents, contract (including this Agreement) or otherwise, 
(iii) any obligation of any other Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may 
be associated  to indemnify Indemnitee or advance Expenses or Liabilities 
to Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding shall be secondary to the 
obligations of the Corporation hereunder, (iv) the Corporation shall be 
required to indemnify Indemnitee and advance Expenses or Liabilities to 
Indemnitee hereunder to the fullest extent provided herein without regard 
to any rights Indemnitee may have against any other Person with whom or 
which Indemnitee may be associated or any insurer of any such Person and 
(v) the Corporation irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases any other 
Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated from any claim of 
contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of 
amounts paid or owed by the Corporation hereunder.  In the event any other 
Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their insurers 
advances or extinguishes any liability or loss which is the subject of any 
Indemnity Obligation owed by the Corporation or payable under any 
Corporation insurance policy, the payor shall have a right of subrogation 
against the Corporation or its insurer or insurers for all amounts so paid 
which would otherwise be payable by the Corporation or its insurer or 
insurers under this Agreement.  In no event will payment of an Indemnity 
Obligation by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be 
associated or
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
their insurers affect the obligations of the Corporation hereunder or shift 
primary liability for any Indemnity Obligation to any other Person with 
whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. Any indemnification, insurance 
or advancement provided by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee 
may be associated with respect to any Liability arising as a result of 
Indemnitees Corporate Status or capacity as an officer or director of any 
Person is specifically in excess over any Indemnity Obligation of the 
Corporation or any collectible insurance (including but not limited to any 
malpractice insurance or professional errors and omissions insurance) 
provided by the Corporation under this Agreement.
 
(c)                                  To the extent that the Corporation 
maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for 
directors, officers, employees, or agents of the Corporation or of any 
other Enterprise, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in 
accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage 
available for any such director, manager, officer, employee or agent under 
such policy or policies and such policies shall provide for and recognize 
that the insurance policies are primary to any rights to indemnification, 
advancement or insurance proceeds to which Indemnitee may be entitled from 
one or more Persons  with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated to the 
same extent as the Corporations indemnification and advancement 
obligations set forth in this Agreement.  If, at the time of the receipt of 
a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Corporation has 
director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Corporation shall 
give prompt notice of the commencement of such Proceeding to the insurers 
in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies.  
The Corporation shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to 
cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as 
a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.
 
(d)                                 In the event of any payment under this 
Agreement, the Corporation shall not be subrogated to the rights of 
recovery of Indemnitee, including rights of indemnification provided to 
Indemnitee from any other person or entity with whom Indemnitee may be 
associated; provided, however, that the Corporation shall be subrogated to 
the extent of any such payment of all rights of recovery of Indemnitee 
under insurance policies of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.
 
(e)                                  The indemnification and contribution 
provided for in this Agreement will remain in full force and effect 
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of Indemnitee.
 
Section 15.                                    Duration of Agreement; Not 
Employment Contract.  This Agreement shall continue until and terminate 
upon the latest of: (i) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall 
have ceased to serve as a director, manager, officer, employee or agent of 
the Corporation or any other Enterprise and (ii) one year following the 
date of final termination of any Proceeding, including any appeal, then 
pending in respect of which Indemnitee has requested rights of 
indemnification or advancement hereunder and of any Proceeding, including 
any appeal, commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13 of this 
Agreement relating thereto.  This Agreement shall be binding upon the 
Corporation and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit 
of Indemnitee and Indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators.  The 
Corporation shall require and cause any successor, and any direct or 
indirect parent of any successor, whether direct or indirect by purchase, 
merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all, substantially all or a 
substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Corporation, by 
written agreement in form and
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to 
perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the 
Corporation would be required to perform if no such succession had taken 
place. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between 
the Corporation (or any of its subsidiaries or any other Enterprise) and 
Indemnitee.
 
Section 16.                                    Severability.  If any 
provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, 
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement 
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this 
Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall 
not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable 
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law; (b) such provision or 
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to 
applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties 
hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this 
Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of 
this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall 
be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.
 
Section 17.                                    Enforcement.
 
(a)                                 The Corporation expressly confirms and 
agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations 
imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, 
manager, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, and the Corporation 
acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a 
director, manager, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation.
 
(b)                                 This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, 
written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject 
matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to 
and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, the 
applicable Subsidiary Documents and applicable law, and shall not be deemed 
a substitute therefore, nor diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee 
thereunder.
 
Section 18.                                    Modification and Waiver.  No 
supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding 
unless executed in writing by the parties thereto.  No waiver of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to be or shall constitute a 
waiver of any other provision of this Agreement nor shall any waiver 
constitute a continuing waiver.
 
Section 19.                                    Notices.  All notices, 
requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by 
hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other 
communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or 
registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the 
date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier 
and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication 
shall have been directed or (d) sent by facsimile transmission, with 
receipt of oral confirmation that such transmission has been received:
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(a)                                 If to Indemnitee, at such address as 
Indemnitee shall provide to the Corporation.
 
(b)                                 If to the Corporation to:
 
Cobalt Center
920 Memorial City Way, Suite 300
Houston, Texas 77024
Attention:  Board of Directors of Cactus, Inc.
 
or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the 
Corporation.
 
Section 20.                                    Contribution.  To the 
fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification 
provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason 
whatsoever, the Corporation, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall 
contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for Liabilities or 
for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable 
event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and 
reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order 
to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Corporation and 
Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and transaction(s) giving cause to 
such Proceeding; and (ii) the relative fault of the Corporation (and its 
directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection 
with such event(s) and transaction(s).
 
Section 21.                                    Applicable Law and Consent 
to Jurisdiction.  This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties 
shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the 
laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws 
rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee 
pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, the Corporation and Indemnitee 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any Proceeding 
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only 
in the Delaware Court, and not in any other state or federal court in the 
United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to 
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of 
any Proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) 
waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such Proceeding in the 
Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any 
claim that any such Proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been 
brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.
 
Section 22.                                    Counterparts.  This 
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall 
for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together 
shall constitute one and the same Agreement.  Only one such counterpart 
signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be 
produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.
 
[Signature page follows.]
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as 
of the day and year first above written.
 
 
CACTUS, INC.
INDEMNITEE
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
By:
/s/ Joel Bender
 
Name: Scott Bender
 
Name: Joel Bender
 
Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
 
Title:
Senior VP, Chief Operating
 
 
 
 
Officer, Secretary and Director
 
Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------