 EX-10.10 17 a2234454zex-10_10.htm EX-10.10
Exhibit 10.10
 
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Executive Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into 
effective as of           , 2018 (the Effective Date), by and between 
Vimal Mehta, Ph.D. (the Executive) and BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (the Company).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Company wishes to retain Executive as its Chief Executive 
Officer;
 
WHEREAS, the Company wishes to secure the services of Executive upon the 
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and Executive wishes to render 
such services to the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set 
forth;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants 
herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, 
intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:
 
AGREEMENT
 
1.                                       Definition of Terms. The following 
terms referred to in this Agreement shall have the following meanings:
 
(a)                                 Affiliate means, with respect to any 
person, a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or 
is under common control with such person.
 
(b)                                 Cause shall mean any of the 
following: (i) a material breach or material default (including, without 
limitation, any material dereliction of duty) by Executive of this 
Agreement or any agreement between Executive and the Company, or a repeated 
failure by Executive to follow the lawful direction of the Companys Board 
of Directors (the Board); (ii) Executives gross negligence, willful 
misfeasance or breach of fiduciary duty to the Company or its affiliates; 
(iii) the commission by Executive of an act or omission involving fraud, 
embezzlement, misappropriation or dishonesty in connection with Executives 
duties to the Company or its affiliates; or (iv) Executives conviction of, 
indictment for, or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony or 
other crime involving fraud or moral turpitude.  For purposes of this 
subsection, no act or failure to act on Executives part shall be 
considered willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive not 
in good faith and without reasonable belief that his action or omission was 
in the best interest of the Company.  Any determination of whether Cause 
exists shall be made by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion.  
Provided, however, that before a termination for Cause pursuant to Section 
1(b) is effective, Executive will be given written notice of the particular 
circumstances constituting the basis for the termination for Cause and 
thirty (30) calendar days to cure those particular circumstances (the 
Executives Cure Period).  Any determination as to whether Executive 
successfully cured the circumstances at issue shall be made by the Board in 
its sole and absolute discretion.  Failing such cure, Executives 
termination for Cause pursuant to Section 1(b) shall be effective on the 
day immediately following the expiration of Executives Cure Period.
 
(c)                                  Change of Control shall mean the 
occurrence of any of the following
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
events:
 
(i)                                     the date on which any person (as 
such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) obtains beneficial 
ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) or a pecuniary 
interest in fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the 
Companys then outstanding securities (Voting Stock);
 
(ii)                                  the consummation of a merger, 
consolidation, reorganization, or similar transaction involving the 
Company, other than a transaction: (1) in which substantially all of the 
holders of the Voting Stock immediately prior to such transaction hold or 
receive directly or indirectly fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting 
stock of the resulting entity or a parent company thereof, in substantially 
the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to 
the transaction; or (2) in which the holders of the Companys capital stock 
immediately before such transaction will, immediately after such 
transaction, hold as a group on a fully diluted basis the ability to elect 
at least a majority of the authorized directors of the surviving entity (or 
a parent company); or
 
(iii)                               there is consummated a sale, lease, 
license or disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated 
assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, 
license or disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated 
assets of the Company and its subsidiaries to an entity, fifty percent 
(50%) or more of the combined voting power of the voting securities of 
which are owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same 
proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such 
sale, lease, license or disposition.
 
provided that, to the extent required to avoid taxes or penalties under 
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, such event or transaction shall 
only constitute a Change in Control if it also constitutes a change in 
control event as defined in Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i).
 
(d)                                 Disability means a physical or mental 
disability, which prevents Executive from performing Executives duties 
under this Agreement for a period of at least 120 consecutive days in any 
twelve month period or 150 non consecutive days in any twelve month period.
 
(e)                                  Good Reason shall mean without 
Executives express written consent any of the following: (i) a significant 
reduction of Executives duties, position or responsibilities relative to 
Executives duties, position or responsibilities in effect immediately 
prior to such reduction, or the removal of Executive from such position, 
duties or responsibilities;  (ii) any action or inaction that constitutes a 
material breach by the Company or any successor to the Company of its 
obligations to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement 
between Executive and the Company, or (iii) a relocation of Executives 
worksite by more than 25 miles.  Provided, however, that before a 
termination for Good Reason pursuant to Section 1(e) is effective, 
Executive will provide the Company with written notice of the particular 
circumstances constituting the basis for his termination with Good Reason 
within ninety (90) following the initial occurrence thereof and will 
provide the Company with thirty (30) calendar days to cure these particular 
circumstances (the Companys Cure Period).  Failing such cure, 
Executives termination of employment for Good Reason shall be effective on 
the day immediately following the expiration of the Companys Cure Period.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(f)                                   IPO shall mean on or before June 
30, 2018, a firm commitment underwritten public offering of shares of 
common stock (and any other securities of the Company that may be sold 
along with such shares of common stock in any such public offering).
 
2.                                      Duties and Scope of Position. 
During the Employment Term (as defined below), Executive will serve as 
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reporting solely and directly to 
the Board, and assuming and discharging such responsibilities as are 
commensurate with Executives position.  During the Employment Term, 
Executive will provide services in a manner that will faithfully and 
diligently further the business of the Company and will devote all of 
Executives business time, attention and energy thereto, excepting time 
reasonably devoted to the affairs of Bioxcel Corporation and its 
Affiliates.  Executive may not serve as a director on any entitys board of 
directors (other than Bioxcel Corporation and its Affiliates) without prior 
written consent of the Board, which consent may be withheld by the Company 
in its sole and absolute discretion.  Executive has been appointed to serve 
as a member of the Board as of the Effective Date (defined below) and the 
Company will nominate Executive for re-election to the Board upon any 
expiration of his term of service as a director that occurs during his 
employment by the Company.
 
3.                                      Employment Term. The term of 
Executives employment under this Agreement shall commence as of the date 
above (the Effective Date) and shall continue for a period of two (2) 
years, unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 9 hereof. The 
term of Executives employment shall be automatically renewed for 
successive one (1) year periods until Executive or the Company delivers to 
the other party a written notice of their intent not to renew the 
Employment Term, such written notice to be delivered at least ninety (90) 
days prior to the expiration of the then-effective Employment Term as 
that term is defined below. The period commencing as of the Effective Date 
and ending two (2) years from the Effective Date or such later date to 
which the term of Executives employment under this Agreement shall have 
been extended is referred to herein as the Employment Term.
 
4.                                      Base Compensation. Initially, the 
Company shall pay to Executive a base compensation (the Base Compensation
) of $240,000 per year (prorated for any partial year), payable in 
accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices and shall be 
subject to all applicable tax withholdings and deductions. The Base 
Compensation shall be increased to $450,000 per year (prorated for any 
partial year) after an IPO, less applicable tax withholdings and 
deductions. The Board or its compensation committee shall review 
Executives performance from time to time for purposes of, among other 
things, determining the appropriateness of increasing his Base Compensation 
hereunder. For purposes of the Agreement, the term Base Compensation as 
of any point in time shall refer to the Base Compensation as increased 
pursuant to this Section 4.
 
5.                                      Bonus.
 
(a)                                 Target Bonus.  If the Company completes 
an IPO, then Executive will be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the 
Bonus) with a target amount equal to 50% of Base Compensation.  The actual 
amount of such Bonus, if any, will be determined based upon the Companys 
achievement of performance milestones for each fiscal year (in each case, 
the Target Year).  The performance milestones referenced in this Section 
5 for each Target Year
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall be mutually agreed upon by Executive and either the Board or its 
compensation committee. Such performance milestones shall be established by 
the last day of the third month of the Target Year.  If Executive and the 
Board or the compensation committee are unable to mutually agree upon such 
performance milestones, then the Company shall determine the performance 
milestones in its sole and absolute discretion.  The Bonus, if any, shall 
be paid by the fifteenth day of the second month of the fiscal year 
immediately following the Target Year.  Except as otherwise provided in the 
last sentence of this paragraph, the Bonus, if any, will not be deemed 
earned until the date that it is paid.  Accordingly, Executive must be 
employed by the Company on the Bonus payment date in order to be eligible 
for any such payment.  In addition, Executive will be entitled to such 
payment if his employment ceases following completion of the applicable 
Target Year (but before the Bonus payment date) due to his death, 
Disability or a reason described below in Section 8(b).
 
(b)                                 IPO Bonus.  Executive shall be entitled 
to a special bonus upon the completion of an IPO (IPO Bonus). The IPO 
Bonus shall be equal to $90,000.  The IPO Bonus, if any, will not be deemed 
earned until the date that that the IPO is completed.  Accordingly, 
Executive must be employed by the Company on the date that the IPO is 
completed in order to be eligible for any such payment.  Payment of the IPO 
Bonus will be made on the first regularly scheduled payroll date that 
follows the completion of the IPO.
 
6.                                      Benefits; Vacation Days. (a) The 
Company will establish an employee healthcare and other benefit plans as 
soon as commercially practicable after the IPO.  During the Employment 
Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit 
plans and programs that the Company decides, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, to make available to the Companys senior level executives as a 
group or to its employees generally, as such plans or programs may be in 
effect from time to time.
 
(b) During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to twenty 
(20) vacation days per year, as well as holidays, sick days and personal 
days in accordance with the Companys policies, as such policies may be 
amended from time to time.  Any unused vacation, holiday, sick or personal 
days earned in one calendar year may not be used in any subsequent calendar 
year.  Upon the termination of the Executives employment with the Company, 
no cash shall be paid in lieu of accrued but unused vacation, holiday, sick 
or personal days.
 
        7.                                      Termination.
 
(a)                                 Termination by the Company. The Company 
may terminate Executives employment immediately for Cause.  Provided, 
however, that if the Company seeks to terminate Executives employment for 
Cause, then Executives termination shall not be effective until the day 
immediately following the expiration of the Executives Cure Period.  
Except as otherwise set forth in Section 9(c) below, the Company must 
provide Executive with thirty (30) days advance written notice of its 
decision to terminate Executives employment without Cause.
 
(b)                                 Termination by Executive. Executive may 
terminate his employment for Good Reason, provided that, such termination 
for Good Reason shall not be effective until the day immediately following 
the expiration of the Companys Cure Period.  Executive must provide the 
Company with ninety (90) days advance written notice of his decision to 
terminate his employment without Good Reason.  Following its receipt of 
Executives advance written
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
notice of Executives decision to terminate his employment without Good 
Reason, the Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, decide to 
render Executives termination without Good Reason effective at any time 
prior to the expiration of the ninety (90) day notice period set forth in 
this Section 9(b).
 
(c)                                  Termination for Death or Disability. 
Executives employment shall terminate automatically upon his death.  The 
Company must provide Executive with ten (10) days advance written notice of 
its decision to terminate Executives employment as a result of Executives 
Disability.
 
8.                                      Payments upon Termination.
 
(a)                                 Termination by the Company for Cause, 
Death or Disability or by Executive Without Good Reason. In the event that 
Executives employment hereunder is terminated: (i) by the Company for 
Cause; (ii) as a result of Executives death or Disability; (iii) by 
Executive without Good Reason; or (iv) as a result of Executive providing 
the Company with notice of his intent not to renew the Employment Term 
pursuant to Section 3, then the Company shall pay to Executive (or in the 
case of death, Executives estate) any unpaid compensation then due for 
periods prior to the effective date of Executives termination.  In 
addition, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all expenses reasonably 
and necessarily incurred by Executive in connection with the business of 
the Company prior to the effective date of termination, provided that 
Executive (or Executives estate) submit proper expense reports to the 
Company no later than fourteen (14) days after the effective date of 
Executives termination.
 
(b)                                 Termination by the Company Without 
Cause or by Executive With Good Reason. In the event that Executives 
employment hereunder is terminated by the Company without Cause, by 
Executive with Good Reason or as a result of the Company providing 
Executive with notice of its intent not to renew the Employment Term 
pursuant to Section 3, then the Company shall provide Executive with the 
same payments and benefits set forth in Section 8(a).  Further, provided 
Executive timely executes a general release of all claims against the 
Company in a form attached hereto as Exhibit A(a Release) and the 
Release becomes effective within 60 days following the date of Executives 
termination, then Executive shall also receive: (i) a pro rata Bonus for 
the Target Year in which Executives termination became effective, payable 
on the same date that bonuses are payable to other executives of the 
Company in the year following such Target Year; (ii) continued payment of 
Executives Base Compensation during the twenty four (24) month period 
immediately following Executives termination on the Companys regularly 
scheduled payroll dates; (iii) vesting of 50% of any otherwise unvested 
portion of all equity awards held by Executive immediately prior to his 
termination date; and (iv) reimbursement for Executives payment of COBRA 
premiums until the earlier of (x) the eighteen (18) months following 
Executives termination date, and (y) the date Executive obtains other 
employment that offers substantially comparable medical insurance coverage, 
payable over such period on the Companys regularly scheduled payroll 
dates; provided, however, that if the 60 day period for the Release to 
become effective begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar 
year, the first installment of the payments made under (ii) and (ii) hereof 
shall not be paid until the second calendar year and shall include all 
amounts that would have been paid prior to such date if such delay had not 
applied; and provided, further, if the Companys reimbursement of the COBRA 
premium contributions as described in (iii) hereof, would subject the 
Company to any tax or penalty under the Patient
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Protection and Affordable Care Act, Section 105(h) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or applicable regulations or guidance 
issued thereunder, Executive and the Company agree to work together in good 
faith to restructure such benefit.
 
(c)                                  Termination Prior to a Change of 
Control. In the event that (i) the Company terminates Executives 
employment without Cause, Executive terminates his employment with Good 
Reason, or Executives employment terminates as a result of the Company 
providing Executive with notice of its intent not to renew the Employment 
Term pursuant to Section 3 and (ii) a Change of Control is consummated no 
more than six (6) months following the effective date of Executives 
termination, then, in addition to the payments and benefits set forth in 
Sections 8(a) and 8(b), Executive shall also receive a lump sum payment 
equal to twelve (12) months of Executives Base Compensation. In order to 
receive the payment set forth in this Section 8(c): (i) the Change of 
Control must have been Pending on the effective date of Executives 
termination; and (ii) Executive must execute the Release. The payment shall 
be made on the first regularly scheduled payroll date following the later 
of (x) the Change of Control, and (y) the effective date of the Release; 
provided, however, that if the 60 day period for the Release to become 
effective begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, 
the payment shall not be paid until the second calendar year.
 
(d)                                 Termination Subsequent to a Change of 
Control. In the event that (i) the Company terminates Executives 
employment without Cause,  Executive terminates his employment with Good 
Reason, or Executives employment terminates as a result of the Company 
providing Executive with notice of its intent not to renew the Employment 
Term pursuant to Section 3 and (ii) a Change of Control is consummated no 
more than twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of Executives 
termination, then, in addition to the payments and benefits set forth in 
Sections 8(a) and 8(b), Executive shall also receive  a lump sum payment 
equal to twelve (12) months of Executives Base Compensation.  In order to 
receive the payment set forth in this Section 8(d), Executive must execute 
the Release. The payment shall be made on the first regularly scheduled 
payroll date following the effective date of the Release; provided, 
however, that if the 60 day period for the Release to become effective 
begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, the payment 
shall not be paid until the second calendar year.
 
(e)                                  Definition of Pending. For purposes 
of Section 8(c), a Change of  Control transaction shall be deemed to be 
Pending each time any of the following circumstances exist: (A) the 
Company and a third party have entered into a confidentiality agreement 
that has been signed by a duly-authorized officer of the Company and that 
is related to a potential Change of Control transaction; or (B) the Company 
has received a written expression of interest from a third party, including 
a binding or non-binding term sheet or letter of intent, related to a 
potential Change of Control transaction.
 
9.                                      Directors & Officers Liability 
Insurance. The Company further agrees to maintain a directors and officers 
liability insurance policy covering Executive in an amount and on terms no 
less favorable to him than the coverage the Company provides other senior 
executives and directors (and, with respect periods following any cessation 
of Executives employment, its former senior executives and directors).
 
10.                               Successors and Assigns. This Agreement 
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs and 
representatives of Executive and the assigns and successors of the
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Company, but neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder 
shall be assignable or otherwise subject to hypothecation by Executive 
(except by will or by operation of the laws of intestate succession or by 
Executive notifying the Company that cash payment be made to an affiliated 
investment partnership in which Executive is a control person) or by 
Company, except that Company may assign this Agreement to any successor 
(whether by merger, purchase or otherwise) to all or substantially all of 
the stock, assets or businesses of Company, and the Company shall require 
any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, 
consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or 
assets of the Company expressly to assume and agree to perform this 
Agreement to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform 
it if no succession had taken place.
 
11.                          Notices. Notices and all other communications 
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to 
have been duly given when personally delivered (if to the Company, 
addressed to its Secretary at the Companys principal place of business on 
a non- holiday weekday between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m.; if to 
Executive, via personal service to his last known residence) or three 
business days following the date it is mailed by U.S. registered or 
certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid.
 
12.                          Confidential Information. Executive  
recognizes  and  acknowledges  that  by  reason of Executives employment 
by and service to the Company before, during and, if applicable, after the 
Employment Term, Executive will have access to certain confidential and 
proprietary information relating to the Companys business, which may 
include, but is not  limited to, trade secrets, trade know-how, product 
development techniques and plans,  formulas, customer lists and addresses, 
financing services, funding programs, cost and pricing information, 
marketing and sales techniques, strategy and programs, computer programs 
and software and financial information (collectively referred to herein as 
Confidential  Information). Executive acknowledges that such Confidential 
Information is a valuable and unique asset of the Company and Executive 
covenants that he will not, unless expressly authorized in writing by the 
Company, at any time during the course of Executives employment use any 
Confidential Information or divulge or disclose any Confidential 
Information to any person, firm or corporation except in connection with 
the performance of Executives duties for and on behalf of the Company and 
in a manner consistent with the Companys policies regarding Confidential 
Information. Executive also covenants that at any time after the 
termination of such employment, directly or indirectly, he will not use any 
Confidential Information or divulge or disclose any Confidential 
Information to any person, firm or corporation, unless such  information is 
in the public domain through no fault of Executive or except when required 
to do so by a court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory 
authority over the business of the Company or by any administrative or 
legislative body (including a committee thereof)  with apparent 
jurisdiction to order Executive to divulge, disclose or make accessible 
such information. All written Confidential Information (including, without 
limitation, in any computer or other electronic format) which comes into 
Executives possession during the course of Executives employment shall 
remain the property of the Company. Unless expressly authorized in writing 
by the Company, Executive shall not remove any written Confidential 
Information from the Companys premises, except in connection with the 
performance of Executives duties for and on behalf of the Company and in a 
manner consistent with the Companys policies regarding Confidential 
Information. Upon termination of Executives employment, the Executive 
agrees to immediately return to the Company all written Confidential 
Information (including, without limitation, in any computer or other 
electronic format) in Executives possession.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
13.                               Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation.
 
(a)                                 Non-Compete. Executive hereby covenants 
and agrees that during the his employment by the Company and for a period 
of one (1) year following the termination of Executives employment, 
regardless of the reason for such termination, Executive will not, without 
the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, on his 
own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, whether or not for 
compensation, engage in any business activity, or have any interest in any 
person, firm, corporation or business, through a subsidiary or parent 
entity or other entity (whether as a shareholder, agent, joint venturer, 
security holder, trustee, partner, Executive, creditor lending credit or 
money for the purpose of establishing or operating any such business, 
partner or otherwise) with any Competing Business in the Covered Area. For 
the purpose of this Section 13(a), Competing Business means the 
development or sale of pharmaceuticals involving immuno-oncology or 
neuroscience; provided, however, that Bioxcel Corporation and its 
Affiliates will not constitute Competing Businesses.  For the purpose of 
this Section 13(a), Covered Area means all geographical areas of the 
United States and other foreign jurisdictions where the Company has offices 
and/or sells its products directly or indirectly through distributors 
and/or other sales agents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may own 
shares of companies whose securities are publicly traded, so long as 
ownership of such securities do not constitute more than one percent (1%) 
of the outstanding securities of any such company.
 
(b)                                 Non-Solicitation. Executive further 
agrees that during his employment by the Company and for a period of one 
(1) year following the termination of Executives employment, regardless of 
the reason for such termination, Executive will not divert any business of 
the Company and/or its affiliates or any customers or suppliers of the 
Company and/or the Companys and/or its affiliates business to any other 
person, entity or competitor, or induce or attempt to induce, directly or 
indirectly, any person to leave his or her employment with the Company 
and/or its affiliates; provided, however, that the foregoing provisions 
shall not apply to a general advertisement or solicitation program that is 
not specifically targeted at such employees.
 
(c)                                  Executive acknowledges and agrees that 
his obligations provided herein are necessary and reasonable in order to 
protect the Company and its affiliates and their respective business and 
the Executive expressly agrees that monetary damages would be inadequate to 
compensate the Company and/or its affiliates for any breach by the 
Executive of his covenants and agreements set forth herein. Accordingly, 
Executive agrees and acknowledges that any such violation or threatened 
violation of Section 12 or 13 will cause irreparable injury to the Company 
and that, in addition to any other remedies that may be available, in law, 
in equity or otherwise, the Company and its affiliates shall be entitled to 
obtain injunctive relief against the threatened breach or the continuation 
of any such breach by the Executive of Section 12 or 13 without the 
necessity of proving actual damages.  If, at the time of enforcement of 
Sections 12 or 13, a court shall hold that the duration, scope or area 
restrictions stated therein are unreasonable under circumstances then 
existing, the parties agree that the maximum duration, scope or area 
reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated 
duration, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed to revise the 
restrictions contained therein to cover the maximum period, scope and area 
permitted by law.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        14.                               Miscellaneous Provisions.
 
(a)                                 Modifications; No Waiver. No provision 
of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless the 
modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by 
Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than 
Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance 
with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall 
be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same 
condition or provision at another time.
 
(b)                                 Entire Agreement. This Agreement 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties, 
oral or written. No modification, termination or attempted waiver shall be 
valid unless in writing, signed by the party against whom such 
modification, termination or waiver is sought to be enforced.
 
(c)                                  Choice of Law. The validity, 
interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be 
governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the conflicts of law 
rules, of the State of Connecticut.
 
(d)                                 Severability. The invalidity or 
unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which 
shall remain in full force and effect.
 
(e)                                  Counterparts. This Agreement may be 
executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain 
signatures of more than one party, and may be delivered by facsimile or 
other electronic means, but all of which shall be deemed originals and 
taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement.
 
(f)                                   Headings. The headings of the 
Sections hereof are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed 
to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the  meaning thereof.
 
(g)                                  Construction of Agreement. In the 
event of a conflict between the text of the Agreement and any summary, 
description or other information regarding the Agreement, the text of the 
Agreement shall control.
 
(h)                                 Withholding.  The Company shall be 
entitled to withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to 
Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign withholding, FICA 
and FUTA contributions. or other taxes. charges or deductions which it is 
from time to time required to withhold.
 
(i)                                     Section 409A.
 
(i)                                     The parties agree that this 
Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or be exempt from Section 
409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder 
(collectively Section 409A), and all provisions of this Agreement shall 
be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding 
taxes or penalties under Section 409A.  In no event whatsoever will the 
Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be 
imposed on Executive under Section 409A or any damages for failing to 
comply with Section 409A.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(ii)                                  A termination of employment shall not 
be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement 
providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered 
nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A upon or following a 
termination of employment unless and until such termination is also a 
separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for 
purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a 
termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean 
separation from service.  If Executive is deemed on the date of 
termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term 
under Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the 
provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred 
compensation under Section 409A payable on account of a separation from 
service, such payment or benefit shall be made or provided at the date 
which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period 
measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and 
(ii) the date of Executives death (the Delay Period).  Upon the 
expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant 
to this Section 16(i)(ii) (whether they would have otherwise been payable 
in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be 
paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of 
the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum and any remaining payments and 
benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance 
with the normal payment dates specified for them herein.
 
(iii)                               With regard to any provision herein 
that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits. 
except as permitted by Section 409A, (x) the right to reimbursement or 
in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for 
another benefit, (y) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or 
in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the 
expenses eligible for reimbursement. or in-kind benefits, to be provided in 
any other taxable year, provided, that, this clause (y) shall not be 
violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered 
by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit 
related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (z) such payments 
shall be made on or before the last day of Executives taxable year 
following the taxable year in which the expense occurred.
 
(iv)                              For purposes of Section 409A, Executives 
right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall 
be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct 
payments.  Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment 
period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made 
within thirty (30) days following the date of termination), the actual 
date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole 
discretion of the Company.
 
[signature page follows]
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF. the undersigned, intending to be legally bound, have 
executed this Agreement on the date first written above.
 
 
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 
 
VIMAL MEHTA, PH.D.
 
 
 
 
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
RELEASE AGREEMENT
 
THIS RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Release) is made by and between VIMAL MEHTA, 
PH.D (Executive) and BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC. (the Company).
 
WHEREAS, Executives service with the Company ceased on [date]; and
 
WHEREAS, in connection with that cessation of service, Executive is 
entitled to certain severance benefits, subject to the execution of this 
Release.
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and the mutual promises 
contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties 
agree as follows:
 
1.                                      Consideration.  In consideration 
for Executives execution of this Release, the Company will provide 
Executive with the payments, rights and benefits described in Section 8 of 
the Executive Employment Agreement between Executive and the Company dated  
         , 2018 (the Employment Agreement).  Executive acknowledges that 
the payments, rights and benefits described in Section 8 of the Employment 
Agreement (other than those described in Section 8(a)) would not otherwise 
be due to him in the absence of his execution of this Release.
 
2.                                      Executives Release.
 
2.1.                            Executive hereby fully and forever releases 
and discharges the Company, its parent and subsidiary corporations and each 
of their predecessors, successors, assigns, stockholders, affiliates, 
officers, directors, trustees, employees, agents and attorneys, past and 
present (the Company and each such person or entity is referred to as a 
Released Person) from any and all claims, demands, liens, agreements, 
contracts, covenants, actions, suits, causes of action, obligations, 
controversies, debts, costs, expenses, damages, judgments, orders and 
liabilities, of whatever kind or nature, direct or indirect, in law, equity 
or otherwise, whether known or unknown, arising through the date of this 
Release out of Executives employment by the Company or the termination 
thereof, including, but not limited to, any claims for relief or causes of 
action under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended, 29 
U.S.C. §§ 2601 et seq., Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as 
amended, 42 U.S.C. §§ 2000 et seq., the Age Discrimination in Employment 
Act of 1967, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §§ 621 et seq. (the ADEA), the Older 
Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 
1990, as amended, 42 U.S.C. §§ 12101 et seq., 42 U.S.C. § 1981, the Worker 
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 
§§2101 et seq., the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended, 29 U.S.C. §§ 1001 et seq., or any other federal, state or local 
statute, ordinance or regulation regarding discrimination in employment and 
any claims, demands or actions based upon alleged wrongful or retaliatory 
discharge or breach of contract under any state or federal law.
 
2.2.                            Executive expressly represents that he has 
not filed a lawsuit or initiated any other administrative proceeding 
against a Released Person and that he has not assigned any
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
claim against a Released Person.  Executive further promises not to 
initiate a lawsuit or to otherwise pursue any claim against a Released 
Person.
 
2.3.                            Nothing in this Release shall preclude or 
prevent Executive from filing a charge or complaint with the Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other federal, state or local government agency or 
commission (Government Agencies).  Executive further understands that 
this Release does not limit Executives ability to communicate with any 
Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or 
proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including 
providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company.  
This Release does not limit Executives right to receive an award for 
information provided to any Government Agencies.  In addition, this Release 
will not prevent Executive from (i) participating, cooperating, or 
testifying in any charge, action, investigation, or proceeding with, or 
providing information to, any self-regulatory organization, governmental 
agency or legislative body, and/or pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or 
(ii) filing, testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a 
proceeding relating to an alleged violation of any federal, state or 
municipal law relating to fraud, or any rule or regulation of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any self-regulatory organization.
 
2.4.                            The foregoing will not be deemed to release 
(a) claims to enforce Sections 8 and 9 of the Employment Agreement, (b) the 
Companys obligation (pursuant to the last sentence of Section 5(a) of the 
Employment Agreement) to pay any annual bonus earned but not yet paid with 
respect to a year ended prior to Executives cessation of employment, (c) 
claims for indemnification under the governing documents of the Company or 
its affiliates, any indemnification agreement or applicable law, (d) claims 
for the benefit of coverage under applicable directors and officers 
insurance policies, (e) claims for benefits under the terms of the employee 
benefit plans of the Company or its affiliates, or (f) claims in 
Executives capacity as a holder of securities of the Company or its 
affiliates.
 
3.                                      Rescission Right.  Executive 
expressly acknowledges and recites that (a) he has read and understands the 
terms of this Release in its entirety, (b) he has entered into this Release 
knowingly and voluntarily, without any duress or coercion; (c) he has been 
advised orally and is hereby advised in writing to consult with an attorney 
with respect to this Release before signing it; (d) he was provided with at 
least [21] calendar days after receipt of the Release to consider its terms 
before signing it; and (e) he is provided 7 calendar days from the date of 
signing to terminate and revoke this Release, in which case this Release 
shall be unenforceable, null and void.  Executive may revoke this Release 
during those 7 days by providing written notice of revocation to the 
Company at [address], Attn: General Counsel.
 
4.                                      Miscellaneous.
 
4.1.                            Severability.  Whenever possible, each 
provision of this Release will be interpreted in such manner as to be 
effective and valid under applicable law.  However, if any provision of 
this Release is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect 
any other provision, and this Release will be reformed, construed and 
enforced as though the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had 
never been herein contained.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
4.2.                            Entire Agreement.  Except as otherwise 
provided herein, this Release contains the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof, 
and merges and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous discussions, 
agreements and understandings of every nature relating to the subject 
matter hereof.
 
4.3.                            Governing Law.  This Release shall be 
governed by, and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of 
Connecticut, without regard to the application of the principles of 
conflicts of laws.
 
4.4.                            Counterparts and Facsimiles.  This Release 
may be executed, including execution by facsimile signature, in multiple 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which 
together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Release to be executed by 
its duly authorized officer, and Executive has executed this Release, in 
each case on the date indicated below, respectively.
 
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 
 
VIMAL MEHTA, PH.D.
 
 
 
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

