 EX-10.2 3 d532941dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
[LOGO]


CSX CORPORATION

Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant
 
Name of Participant:
   	
[Name]
Employee ID: 	   	[ID #]
Number of Options Granted: 	   	[# Options Granted]
Grant Date: 	   	[Grant Date]
Option Exercise Price: 	   	$[Exercise Price]
Vesting Date: 	   	[Vesting Date]
Expiration Date: 	   	[Expiration Date]
Grant Number 	   	[Grant #]

CSX Corporation (CSX) has made a grant to you of non-qualified stock 
options (Options), which provides you with the right to purchase CSX 
common stock at a pre-established price during a future time period. Your 
grant has been made pursuant to CSXs Stock and Incentive Award Plan (the 
Plan), which is incorporated herein by reference, and together with this 
Notice and stock option agreement (the Option Agreement), set forth the 
terms and conditions of this grant.

CSX reserves the right to terminate, change or amend the Plan at any time. 
Receipt of this grant does not obligate CSX to make any additional grants 
to you. This Option grant, or a portion thereof, may be subject to 
forfeiture if you terminate employment as set forth in the Option 
Agreement. You will receive a separate notification to view and accept your 
Agreement electronically.

A copy of the Plan is available on the CSX Gateway within the Long-Term 
Incentives Portal under Team Sites. You should review the terms of the 
Notice, Option Agreement and Plan carefully.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPTION AGREEMENT: TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Vesting:

The Options may be exercised only once vested. Except in the case of 
Retirement, Disability, death, reduction in force or return to contract 
employment, the Options will vest and become exercisable on [Vesting Date].


Termination of Employment/Other Requirements:
 
  	(a) 	Retirement, Disability, death, return to contract    

Prior to vesting. In the event of Participants separation from employment 
due to Retirement, Disability, death, reduction in force or return to 
contract employment prior to [Vesting Date], a prorated portion of the 
Options will vest on [Vesting Date]. In the event a Participant returns to 
contract employment due to a reduction in force, assuming continued 
employment through the vesting date, the Participant will retain all 
Options, and the Options will vest on [Vesting Date]. If employment is not 
continued through the vesting date and prior to Participant becoming 
Retirement eligible, then unvested Options shall lapse and terminate 
immediately.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participants employment is 
terminated by reason of Retirement and the Participant Engages in 
Competing Employment prior to vesting, then the Options shall be 
terminated without further obligation on the part of CSX or any Affiliate. 
A Participant Engages in Competing Employment if the Participant works for 
or provides services for any Competitor, on the Participants own behalf 
or on behalf of others, including, but not limited to, as a consultant, 
independent contractor, owner, officer, partner or employee. For this 
purpose, a Competitor is any entity in the same line of business as the 
Corporation in North American markets in which the Corporation competes.

Following vesting. In the event of the Participants separation from 
employment due to Retirement, Disability, or death the Participant or 
designated Beneficiary or estate will have until the Expiration Date to 
exercise any vested Options.    
 
  	(b) 	Termination for Cause/Moral Turpitude. If the Participants 
employment is terminated for Cause, as defined in the Plan, all rights 
under the unvested Options shall lapse and terminate immediately. A 
Participant who commits an act involving moral turpitude that adversely 
affects the reputation or business of the Companies shall forfeit all 
Options. Examples of acts of moral turpitude include, but are not limited 
to, dishonesty or fraud involving CSX or any affiliated company, their 
employees, vendors, or customers or a violation of the CSX Code of Ethics.
 
  	(c) 	Resignation or Other Terminations. Except as otherwise provided in 
Section 20 of the Plan, if the Participant separates from employment from 
the Company (including management and contract positions) for any reason 
other than Retirement, Disability, or death, Participant will have 60 days 
after separation from employment to exercise any Options that are vested at 
separation from employment. If the Participant voluntarily resigns from 
employment prior to becoming Retirement eligible, any then unvested Options 
shall lapse and terminate immediately.
 
  	(d) 	Definitions. Retirement shall mean the attainment of age 55 with a 
minimum of 10 years of service or the attainment of age 65. Disability 
shall mean long-term disability as defined in the companys long-term 
disability plan covering the Participant.


Exercise:

Participant may exercise these Options, in whole or in part, to purchase a 
whole number of vested shares at any time by following the exercise 
procedures below. All exercises must take place before the Expiration Date, 
or such earlier dates as established by the Notice, Option Agreement or the 
Plan, or such Options shall otherwise lapse.

Options may be exercised by: (i) paying cash, (ii) executing a cashless 
exercise, or (iii) executing a cashless exercise and hold transaction.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Non-Transferability:

The Options may not be assigned, sold or transferred by the Participant 
other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and are 
exercisable during Participants life only by the Participant.


Change in Control:

In the event of a Change in Control in which the Company is not the 
successor or acquiring company or a direct or indirect parent entity of the 
successor or acquiring company (the Surviving Company) and the Surviving 
Company does not arrange to continue or convert the Option or grant a 
Substitute Award, as provided under Section 20 of the Plan, the Company 
may, without the Participants consent, elect to provide any one or more of 
the following:
 
  	(a) 	The Option shall be terminated as of the Change in Control in 
exchange for a payment in cash and/or securities equal to the amount, if 
any, by which the Fair Market Value of the shares underlying the Option 
exceeds the Option Exercise Price;
 
  	(b) 	The Option shall become immediately and fully exercisable as of a 
date prior to the Change in Control, to the extent not previously exercised 
or terminated, and shall be terminated as of the Change in Control; or
 
  	(c) 	To the extent that the Option Exercise Price exceeds the Fair 
Market Value of the shares underlying the Option as of the Change in 
Control, the Option shall lapse and terminate as of the Change in Control.


Severability:

If any terms and conditions herein are, become, or are deemed to be 
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision 
shall be construed or deemed amended or limited in scope to conform to 
applicable laws or, in the discretion of the Company, it shall be stricken 
and the remainder of the terms and conditions shall remain in force and 
effect.


Choice of Law; Jurisdiction:

All questions pertaining to the construction, regulation, validity, and 
effect of the terms and conditions shall be determined in accordance with 
the laws of the state of Florida, without regard to the conflict of laws 
doctrine.


Restrictions on Resales of Shares Acquired Pursuant to Option Exercise:

The Company may impose such restrictions, conditions or limitations as it 
deems appropriate as to the timing and manner of any resales by the 
Participant or other subsequent transfers by the Participant of any Common 
Stock issued as a result of the exercise of the Option, including without 
limitation (a) restrictions under an insider trading policy, (b) 
restrictions designed to delay and/or coordinate the timing and manner of 
sales by Participant and other option-holders and (c) restrictions as to 
the use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales or other transfers.


Nonqualified Stock Option:

The Option is intended to be a nonqualified stock option and is not 
intended to be an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and will be interpreted accordingly.


Income Taxes:

An exercise of Options may generate federal and applicable state income and 
employment tax withholding obligations. The full purchase price of the 
shares being purchased through exercise of Options and the related 
withholding taxes for federal, state or local jurisdictions must be paid to 
CSX at the time of an exercise of Options. The Participant acknowledges 
that the Company shall have the right to deduct any taxes required to be 
withheld by law in connection with the exercise of the Option from any 
amounts payable by it to the Participant (including, without limitation, 
future cash wages).


You agree that this Option Agreement is governed by the terms and 
conditions of the Plan. Unless defined in this Option Agreement, 
capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. The 
Company and you have executed this Option Agreement as of [Execution Date].