 EX-10.3 10 a2234454zex-10_3.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
2017 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
1. Purpose. The purpose of the BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. 2017 Equity 
Incentive Plan is to provide a means through which the Company and its 
Affiliates may attract and retain key personnel and to provide a means 
whereby directors, officers, managers, employees, consultants and advisors 
of the Company and its Affiliates can acquire and maintain an equity 
interest in the Company, or be paid incentive compensation, which may (but 
need not) be measured by reference to the value of Common Shares, thereby 
strengthening their commitment to the welfare of the Company and its 
Affiliates and aligning their interests with those of the Companys 
stockholders.
 
2. Definitions. The following definitions shall be applicable throughout 
this Plan:
 
(a) Affiliate means (i) any person or entity that directly or indirectly 
controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company 
and/or (ii) to the extent provided by the Committee, any person or entity 
in which the Company has a significant interest as determined by the 
Committee in its discretion. The term control (including, with 
correlative meaning, the terms controlled by and under common control 
with), as applied to any person or entity, means the possession, directly 
or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of such person or entity, whether through the 
ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise.
 
(b) Award means, individually or collectively, any Incentive Stock 
Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted 
Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Stock Bonus Award or Performance Compensation 
Award granted under this Plan.
 
(c) Award Agreement means an agreement made and delivered in accordance 
with Section 15(a) of this Plan evidencing the grant of an Award hereunder.
 
(d) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
(e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day 
on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated 
by federal law or executive order to be closed.
 
(f) Cause means, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable 
Award Agreement states otherwise, (i) the Company or an Affiliate having 
cause to terminate a Participants employment or service, as defined in 
any employment or consulting agreement or similar document or policy 
between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate in effect at the 
time of such termination or (ii) in the absence of any such employment or 
consulting agreement, document or policy (or the absence of any definition 
of Cause contained therein), (A) a material breach or material default 
(including, without limitation, any material dereliction of duty) by 
Participant of any agreement between the Participant and the Company, 
except for any such breach or default which is caused by the physical 
disability of the Participant (as determined by a neutral physician), or a 
repeated failure by the Participant to follow the direction of a duly 
authorized representative of the Company; (B) gross negligence, willful 
misfeasance or breach of fiduciary duty to the Company or Affiliate of the 
Company by the Participant; (C) the commission by the Participant of an act 
or omission involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation or dishonesty 
in connection with the Participants duties to the Company or Affiliate of 
the Company or that is otherwise likely to be injurious to the business or 
reputation of the Company or
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
its Affiliates; or (D) the Participants conviction of, indictment for, or 
pleading guilty or nolo contendere to,  any (x) felony or (y) other crime 
involving fraud or moral turpitude. Any determination of whether Cause 
exists shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion.
 
(g) Change in Control shall, in the case of a particular Award, unless 
the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise or contains a different 
definition of Change in Control, be deemed to occur upon:
 
(i) A tender offer (or series of related offers) shall be made and 
consummated for the ownership of 50% or more of the outstanding voting 
securities of the Company, unless as a result of such tender offer more 
than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting 
corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the 
shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the 
commencement of such offer), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the 
Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates;
 
(ii) The Company shall be merged or consolidated with another corporation, 
unless as a result of such merger or consolidation more than 50% of the 
outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or 
entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the 
Company (as of the time immediately prior to such transaction); provided, 
that a merger or consolidation of the Company with another company which is 
controlled by persons owning more than 50% of the outstanding voting 
securities of the Company shall constitute a Change in Control unless the 
Committee, in its discretion, determine otherwise, or (B) any employee 
benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates;
 
(iii) The Company shall sell substantially all of its assets to another 
entity that is not wholly owned by the Company, unless as a result of such 
sale more than 50% of such assets shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) 
the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to such 
transaction), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its 
Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates;
 
(iv) A Person (as defined below) shall acquire 50% or more of the 
outstanding voting securities of the Company (whether directly, indirectly, 
beneficially or of record), unless as a result of such acquisition more 
than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting 
corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the 
shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the first 
acquisition of such securities by such Person), or (B) any employee benefit 
plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates; or
 
(v) The individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the members of 
the Board (the Current Board Members) cease, by reason of a financing, 
merger, combination, acquisition, takeover or other non-ordinary course 
transaction affecting the Company, to constitute at least a majority of the 
members of the Board unless such change is approved by the Current Board 
Members.
 
For purposes of this Section 2(g), ownership of voting securities shall 
take into account and shall include ownership as determined by applying the 
provisions of Rule 13d-3(d)(I)(i) (as in effect on the date hereof) under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). In 
addition, for such purposes, Person shall have the meaning given in 
Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) 
and 14(d) thereof; however, a Person shall not include (A) the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries; (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding 
securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries; (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to 
an offering of such securities; or (D) a corporation owned, directly or 
indirectly, by
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportion as 
their ownership of stock of the Company.  If the timing of payments 
provided under an Award Agreement is based on or triggered by a Change in 
Control then, to extent necessary to avoid violating Section 409A, a Change 
in Control must also constitute a Change in Control Event as defined under 
Section 409A.
 
(h) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any 
successor thereto. References in this Plan to any section of the Code shall 
be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance 
issued by any governmental authority under such section, and any amendments 
or successor provisions to such section, regulations or guidance.
 
(i) Committee means a committee of at least two people as the Board may 
appoint to administer this Plan or, if no such committee has been appointed 
by the Board, the Board. Unless altered by an action of the Board, the 
Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board.
 
(j) Common Shares means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of 
the Company (and any stock or other securities into which such common 
shares may be converted or into which they may be exchanged).
 
(k) Company means BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, 
together with its successors and assigns.
 
(l) Current Board Members has the meaning given such term in the 
definition of Change in Control.
 
(m) Date of Grant means the date on which the granting of an Award is 
authorized, or such other date as may be specified in such authorization.
 
(n) Disability means, in the case of a particular Award, unless the 
applicable Award Agreement states otherwise, (i) Disability as defined in 
any employment or consulting agreement or similar document or policy in 
effect between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or (ii) in 
the absence of any such employment or consulting agreement, document or 
policy (or the absence of any definition of Disability contained 
therein), the inability of the Participant to perform the essential 
functions of the Participants job by reason of a physical or mental 
infirmity, for a period of three (3) consecutive months or for an aggregate 
of six (6) months in any twelve (12) consecutive month period. The 
determination of whether a Participant has incurred a permanent and total 
disability shall be made by a physician designated by the Committee, whose 
determination shall be final and binding.
 
(o) Effective Date means the date as of which this Plan is adopted by the 
Board, subject to Section 3 of this Plan.
 
(p) Eligible Director means a person who is (i) a non-employee director 
within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, and (ii) an 
outside director within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.
 
(q) Eligible Person means any (i) individual employed by the Company, a 
Subsidiary or an Affiliate; provided, however, that no such employee 
covered by a collective bargaining agreement shall be an Eligible Person 
unless and to the extent that such eligibility is set forth in such 
collective bargaining agreement or in an agreement or instrument relating 
thereto; (ii) director of the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate; or 
(iii) consultant or advisor to the Company or an Affiliate, provided that 
if the Securities Act applies such persons must be eligible to be offered 
securities registrable on Form S-8 under the Securities Act.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(r) Exchange Act has the meaning given such term in the definition of 
Change in Control, and any reference in this Plan to any section of (or 
rule promulgated under) the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any 
rules, regulations or other interpretative guidance issued by any 
governmental authority under such section or rule, and any amendments or 
successor provisions to such section, rules, regulations or guidance.
 
(s) Exercise Price has the meaning given such term in Section 7(b) of 
this Plan.
 
(t) Fair Market Value, unless otherwise provided by the Committee in 
accordance with all applicable laws, rules regulations and standards, 
means, on a given date, (i) if the Common Shares are listed on a national 
securities exchange, the closing sales price on the principal exchange of 
the Common Shares on such date or, in the absence of reported sales on such 
date, the closing sales price on the immediately preceding date on which 
sales were reported, or (ii) if the Common Shares are not listed on a 
national securities exchange, the mean between the bid and offered prices 
as quoted by any nationally recognized interdealer quotation system for 
such date, provided that if the Common Shares are not quoted on an 
interdealer quotation system or it is determined that the fair market value 
is not properly reflected by such quotations, Fair Market Value will be 
determined by such other method as the Committee determines in good faith 
to be reasonable and in compliance with Section 409A.
 
(u) Immediate Family Members shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
15(b) of this Plan.
 
(v) Incentive Stock Option means an Option that is designated by the 
Committee as an incentive stock option as described in Section 422 of the 
Code and otherwise meets the requirements set forth in this Plan.
 
(w) Indemnifiable Person shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e) 
of this Plan.
 
(x) Negative Discretion shall mean the discretion authorized by this Plan 
to be applied by the Committee to eliminate or reduce the size of a 
Performance Compensation Award consistent with Section 162(m) of the Code.
 
(y) Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option that is not designated by 
the Committee as an Incentive Stock Option.
 
(z) Option means an Award granted under Section 7 of this Plan.
 
(aa) Option Period has the meaning given such term in Section 7(c) of 
this Plan.
 
(bb) Participant means an Eligible Person who has been selected by the 
Committee to participate in this Plan and to receive an Award pursuant to 
Section 6 of this Plan.
 
(cc) Performance Compensation Award shall mean any Award designated by 
the Committee as a Performance Compensation Award pursuant to Section 11 of 
this Plan.
 
(dd) Performance Criteria shall mean the criterion or criteria that the 
Committee shall select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goal(s) 
for a Performance Period with respect to any Performance Compensation Award 
under this Plan.
 
(ee) Performance Formula shall mean, for a Performance Period, the one or 
more objective formulae applied against the relevant Performance Goal to 
determine, with regard to the
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Performance Compensation Award of a particular Participant, whether all, 
some portion but less than all, or none of the Performance Compensation 
Award has been earned for the Performance Period.
 
(ff) Performance Goals shall mean, for a Performance Period, the one or 
more goals established by the Committee for the Performance Period based 
upon the Performance Criteria.
 
(gg) Performance Period shall mean the one or more periods of time, as 
the Committee may select, over which the attainment of one or more 
Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a 
Participants right to, and the payment of, a Performance Compensation 
Award.
 
(hh) Permitted Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
15(b) of this Plan.
 
(ii) Person has the meaning given such term in the definition of Change 
in Control.
 
(jj) Plan means this BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive 
Plan, as amended from time to time.
 
(kk) Retirement means the fulfillment of each of the following 
conditions: (i) the Participant is in good standing with the Company and/or 
an Affiliate of the Company as determined by the Committee; (ii) the 
voluntary termination by a Participant of such Participants employment or 
service to the Company and/or an Affiliate and (iii) that at the time of 
such voluntary termination, the sum of: (A) the Participants age 
(calculated to the nearest month, with any resulting fraction of a year 
being calculated as the number of months in the year divided by 12) and (B) 
the Participants years of employment or service with the Company 
(calculated to the nearest month, with any resulting fraction of a year 
being calculated as the number of months in the year divided by 12) equals 
at least 62 (provided that, in any case, the foregoing shall only be 
applicable if, at the time of such Retirement, the Participant shall be at 
least 55 years of age and shall have been employed by or served with the 
Company for no less than five years).
 
(ll) Restricted Period means the period of time determined by the 
Committee during which an Award is subject to restrictions or, as 
applicable, the period of time within which performance is measured for 
purposes of determining whether an Award has been earned.
 
(mm) Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded and unsecured promise to 
deliver Common Shares, cash, other securities or other property, subject to 
certain restrictions (including, without limitation, a requirement that the 
Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous services for 
a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of this Plan.
 
(nn) Restricted Stock means Common Shares, subject to certain specified 
restrictions (including, without limitation, a requirement that the 
Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous services for 
a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of this Plan.
 
(oo) SAR Period has the meaning given such term in Section 8(c) of this 
Plan.
 
(pp) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code (together with all 
Treasury Regulations, guidance, compliance programs, and other 
interpretative authority thereunder.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(qq) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any 
successor thereto. Reference in this Plan to any section of the Securities 
Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other official 
interpretative guidance issued by any governmental authority under such 
section, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, 
regulations or guidance.
 
(rr) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award granted under 
Section 8 of this Plan which meets all of the requirements of Section 
1.409A-1(b)(5)(i)(B) of the Treasury Regulations.
 
(ss) Stock Bonus Award means an Award granted under Section 10 of this 
Plan.
 
(tt) Strike Price means, except as otherwise provided by the Committee in 
the case of Substitute Awards, (i) in the case of a SAR granted in tandem 
with an Option, the Exercise Price of the related Option, or (ii) in the 
case of a SAR granted independent of an Option, the Fair Market Value of 
Common Shares on the Date of Grant.
 
(uu) Subsidiary means, with respect to any specified Person:
 
(i) any corporation, association or other business entity of which more 
than 50% of the total voting power of shares of voting securities (without 
regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any 
voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers 
voting power) is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or 
a combination thereof); and
 
(ii) any partnership or limited liability company (or any comparable 
foreign entity) (a) the sole general partner or managing member (or 
functional equivalent thereof) or the managing general partner of which is 
such Person or Subsidiary of such Person or (b) the only general partners 
or managing members (or functional equivalents thereof) of which are that 
Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination 
thereof).
 
(vv) Substitute Award has the meaning given such term in Section 5(e).
 
(ww) Treasury Regulations means any regulations, whether proposed, 
temporary or final, promulgated by the U.S. Department of Treasury under 
the Code, and any successor provisions.
 
3. Effective Date; Duration. The Plan shall be effective on  August 22, 
2017, the date on which it is approved by the stockholders of the Company, 
which date shall be within twelve (12) months before or after the date of 
the Plans adoption by the Board. The expiration date of this Plan, on and 
after which date no Awards may be granted hereunder, shall be August 21, 
2027, the tenth anniversary of the date on which the Plan was approved by 
the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that such expiration 
shall not affect Awards then outstanding, and the terms and conditions of 
this Plan shall continue to apply to such Awards.
 
4. Administration.
 
(a) The Committee shall administer this Plan. To the extent required to 
comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act 
(if the Board is not acting as the Committee under this Plan) or necessary 
to obtain the exception for performance-based compensation under Section 
162(m) of the Code, as applicable, it is intended that each member of the 
Committee shall, at the time he takes any action with respect to an Award 
under this Plan, be an Eligible Director. However, the fact that a 
Committee member shall fail to qualify as an Eligible Director shall not
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly 
granted under this Plan. The acts of a majority of the members present at 
any meeting at which a quorum is present or acts approved in writing by a 
majority of the Committee shall be deemed the acts of the Committee. 
Whether a quorum is present shall be determined based on the Committees 
charter as approved by the Board.
 
(b) Subject to the provisions of this Plan and applicable law, the 
Committee shall have the sole and plenary authority, in addition to other 
express powers and authorizations conferred on the Committee by this Plan 
and its charter, to: (i) designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or 
types of Awards to be granted to a Participant; (iii) determine the number 
of Common Shares to be covered by, or with respect to which payments, 
rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection with, Awards; 
(iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award; (v) determine 
whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Awards may be settled 
or exercised in cash, Common Shares, other securities, other Awards or 
other property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended, and the method or 
methods by which Awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or 
suspended; (vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what 
circumstances the delivery of cash, Common Shares, other securities, other 
Awards or other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award 
shall be made; (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, 
settle any controversy regarding, correct any defect in and/or complete any 
omission in this Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award 
granted under, this Plan; (viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any 
rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the Committee shall deem 
appropriate for the proper administration of this Plan; (ix) accelerate the 
vesting or exercisability of, payment for or lapse of restrictions on, 
Awards; and (x) make any other determination and take any other action that 
the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of this 
Plan.
 
(c) The Committee may, by resolution, expressly delegate to a special 
committee, consisting of one or more directors who may but need not be 
officers of the Company, the authority, within specified parameters as to 
the number and types of Awards, to (i) designate officers and/or employees 
of the Company or any of its Affiliates to be recipients of Awards under 
this Plan, and (ii) to determine the number of such Awards to be received 
by any such Participants; provided, however, that such delegation of duties 
and responsibilities may not be made with respect to grants of Awards to 
persons (i) subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or (ii) who are, or 
who are reasonably expected to be, covered employees for purposes of 
Section 162(m) of the Code. The acts of such delegates shall be treated as 
acts of the Committee, and such delegates shall report regularly to the 
Board and the Committee regarding the delegated duties and responsibilities 
and any Awards granted.
 
(d) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Plan, all designations, 
determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect 
to this Plan or any Award or any documents evidencing Awards granted 
pursuant to this Plan shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, 
may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all 
persons or entities, including, without limitation, the Company, any 
Affiliate, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of any Award, and any 
stockholder of the Company.
 
(e) No member of the Board, the Committee, delegate of the Committee or any 
employee, advisor or agent of the Company or the Board or the Committee 
(each such person, an Indemnifiable Person) shall be liable for any 
action taken or omitted to be taken or any determination made in good faith 
with respect to this Plan or any Award hereunder. Each Indemnifiable Person 
shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (and 
the Company shall pay or reimburse on demand for) any loss, cost, 
liability, or expense (including court costs and attorneys fees) that may 
be imposed upon or incurred by such Indemnifiable Person in connection with 
or resulting from any action, suit or proceeding to which such 
Indemnifiable Person may be a party or in which such Indemnifiable Person 
may be involved by reason of any action taken or omitted to be taken under 
this
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Plan or any Award Agreement and against and from any and all amounts paid 
by such Indemnifiable Person with the Companys approval, in settlement 
thereof, or paid by such Indemnifiable Person in satisfaction of any 
judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against such Indemnifiable 
Person, provided, that the Company shall have the right, at its own 
expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit or proceeding and once 
the Company gives notice of its intent to assume the defense, the Company 
shall have sole control over such defense with counsel of the Companys 
choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be available to an 
Indemnifiable Person to the extent that a final judgment or other final 
adjudication (in either case not subject to further appeal) binding upon 
such Indemnifiable Person determines that the acts or omissions of such 
Indemnifiable Person giving rise to the indemnification claim resulted from 
such Indemnifiable Persons bad faith, fraud or willful criminal act or 
omission or that such right of indemnification is otherwise prohibited by 
law or by the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. The 
foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other 
rights of indemnification to which any such Indemnifiable Person may be 
entitled under the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, as a 
matter of law, or otherwise, or any other power that the Company may have 
to indemnify such Indemnifiable Persons or hold them harmless.
 
(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Plan, the 
Board may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, grant 
Awards and administer this Plan with respect to such Awards. In any such 
case, the Board shall have all the authority granted to the Committee under 
this Plan.
 
5. Grant of Awards; Shares Subject to this Plan; Limitations.
 
(a) The Committee may, from time to time, grant Options, Stock Appreciation 
Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Bonus Awards and/or 
Performance Compensation Awards to one or more Eligible Persons. No 
Participant shall be eligible to receive or accrue dividends or dividend 
equivalent rights with respect to the Common Shares subject to an unvested 
Award, including without limitation, an Award of Stock Appreciation Rights 
or Restricted Stock Units.
 
(b) Subject to Section 12 of this Plan, the Committee is authorized to 
deliver under this Plan an aggregate of 12,500 Common Shares.
 
(c) Common Shares underlying Awards under this Plan that are forfeited, 
cancelled, expire unexercised, or are settled in cash shall be available 
again for Awards under this Plan at the same ratio at which they were 
previously granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following Common 
Shares shall not be available again for Awards under the Plan: (i) shares 
tendered or held back upon the exercise of an Option or settlement of an 
Award to cover the Exercise Price of an Award; (ii) shares that are used or 
withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations of the Participant; (iii) 
shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that are not issued in 
connection with the stock settlement of the SAR upon exercise thereof; and 
(iv) shares purchased in the open market using proceeds received upon the 
exercise of an Option.
 
(d) Common Shares delivered by the Company in settlement of Awards may be 
authorized and unissued shares, shares held in the treasury of the Company, 
shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase, or any 
combination of the foregoing.
 
(e) Subject to compliance with Section 1.409A-3(f) of the Treasury 
Regulations, Awards may, in the sole discretion of the Committee, be 
granted under this Plan in assumption of, or in substitution for, 
outstanding awards previously granted by an entity acquired by the Company 
or with which the Company combines (Substitute Awards). The number of 
Common Shares underlying any
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Substitute Awards shall be counted against the aggregate number of Common 
Shares available for Awards under this Plan.
 
(f) Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary (but subject 
to adjustment as provided in Section 12), the Committee shall not grant to 
any one Eligible Person in any one calendar year Awards (i) for more than 
50% of the Available Shares in the aggregate or (ii) payable in cash in an 
amount exceeding $10,000,000 in the aggregate.
 
6. Eligibility. Participation shall be limited to Eligible Persons who have 
entered into an Award Agreement or who have received written notification 
from the Committee, or from a person designated by the Committee, that they 
have been selected to participate in this Plan.
 
7. Options.
 
(a) Generally. Each Option granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an 
Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or 
the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under 
contract with the Company)). Each Option so granted shall be subject to the 
conditions set forth in this Section 7, and to such other conditions not 
inconsistent with this Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award 
Agreement. All Options granted under this Plan shall be Nonqualified Stock 
Options unless the applicable Award Agreement expressly states that the 
Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option. Notwithstanding any 
designation of an Option, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market 
Value of Common Shares with respect to which Options designated as 
Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any 
Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company or any 
Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such excess Options shall be treated as 
Nonqualified Stock Options. Incentive Stock Options shall be granted only 
to Eligible Persons who are employees of the Company, its Subsidiaries and 
its Affiliates, and no Incentive Stock Option shall be granted to any 
Eligible Person who is ineligible to receive an Incentive Stock Option 
under the Code. No Option shall be treated as an Incentive Stock Option 
unless this Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company in a 
manner intended to comply with the stockholder approval requirements of 
Section 422(b)(1) of the Code, provided that any Option intended to be an 
Incentive Stock Option shall not fail to be effective solely on account of 
a failure to obtain such approval, but rather such Option shall be treated 
as a Nonqualified Stock Option unless and until such approval is obtained. 
In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the terms and conditions of such 
grant shall be subject to and comply with such rules as may be prescribed 
by Section 422 of the Code. If for any reason an Option intended to be an 
Incentive Stock Option (or any portion thereof) shall not qualify as an 
Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such 
Option or portion thereof shall be regarded as a Nonqualified Stock Option 
appropriately granted under this Plan.
 
(b) Exercise Price. The exercise price (Exercise Price) per Common Share 
for each Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of 
such share determined as of the Date of Grant; provided, however, that in 
the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an employee who, at the 
time of the grant of such Option, owns shares representing more than 10% of 
the voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any Affiliate, 
the Exercise Price per share shall not be less than 110% of the Fair Market 
Value per share on the Date of Grant; and, provided further, that 
notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Exercise Price 
shall not be less than the par value per Common Share.
 
(c) Vesting and Expiration. Options shall vest and become exercisable in 
such manner and on such date or dates determined by the Committee and as 
set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, and shall expire after such 
period, not to exceed ten (10) years from the Date of Grant, as may be 
determined by the Committee (the Option Period); provided, however, that 
the Option Period shall
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
not exceed five (5) years from the Date of Grant in the case of an 
Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who on the Date of Grant 
owns shares representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes 
of shares of the Company or any Affiliate; and, provided, further, that 
notwithstanding any vesting dates set by the Committee, the Committee may, 
in its sole discretion, accelerate the exercisability of any Option, which 
acceleration shall not affect the terms and conditions of such Option other 
than with respect to exercisability. Unless otherwise provided by the 
Committee in an Award Agreement:
 
(i) the unvested portion of an Option shall expire upon termination of 
employment or service of the Participant granted the Option, and the vested 
portion of such Option shall remain exercisable for:
 
(A) one year following termination of employment or service by reason of 
such Participants death or Disability (with the determination of 
Disability to be made by the Committee on a case by case basis), or, with 
respect to an Incentive Stock Option, three (3) months following such 
termination, but not later than the expiration of the Option Period;
 
(B) for directors, officers and employees of the Company only, for six (6) 
months following termination of employment or service by reason of such 
Participants Retirement, or, with respect to an Incentive Stock Option, 
three (3) months following such termination, but not later than the 
expiration of the Option Period;
 
(C) ninety (90) days following termination of employment or service for any 
reason other than such Participants death, Disability or Retirement, and 
other than such Participants termination of employment or service for 
Cause, but not later than the expiration of the Option Period; and
 
(ii) both the unvested and the vested portion of an Option shall 
immediately expire upon the termination of the Participants employment or 
service by the Company for Cause.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 7(c) and consistent 
with the requirements of applicable law, the Committee, in its sole 
discretion, may extend the post-termination of employment period during 
which a Participant may exercise vested Options.
 
(d) Method of Exercise and Form of Payment. No Common Shares shall be 
delivered pursuant to the exercise of an Option until payment in full of 
the Exercise Price therefor is received by the Company and the Participant 
has paid to the Company an amount equal to any federal, state, local and/or 
foreign income and employment taxes required to be withheld. Options that 
have become exercisable may be exercised by delivery of written or 
electronic notice of exercise to the Company in accordance with the terms 
of the Award Agreement accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price. The 
Exercise Price shall be payable (i) in cash, check (subject to collection), 
cash equivalent and/or vested Common Shares valued at the Fair Market Value 
at the time the Option is exercised (including, pursuant to procedures 
approved by the Committee, by means of attestation of ownership of a 
sufficient number of Common Shares in lieu of actual delivery of such 
shares to the Company); provided, however, that such Common Shares are not 
subject to any pledge or other security interest and; (ii) by such other 
method as the Committee may permit in accordance with applicable law, in 
its sole discretion, including without limitation: (A) in other property 
having a fair market value (as determined by the Committee in its 
discretion) on the date of exercise equal to the Exercise Price or (B) if 
there is a public market for the Common Shares at such time, by means of a 
broker-assisted cashless exercise pursuant to which the Company is 
delivered a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell the 
Common Shares otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to 
deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the Exercise Price or
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(C) by a net exercise method whereby the Company withholds from the 
delivery of the Common Shares for which the Option was exercised that 
number of Common Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate 
Exercise Price for the Common Shares for which the Option was exercised. 
Any fractional Common Shares shall be settled in cash.
 
(e) Notification upon Disqualifying Disposition of an Incentive Stock 
Option. Each Participant awarded an Incentive Stock Option under this Plan 
shall notify the Company in writing immediately after the date he makes a 
disqualifying disposition of any Common Shares acquired pursuant to the 
exercise of such Incentive Stock Option. A disqualifying disposition is any 
disposition (including, without limitation, any sale) of such Common Shares 
before the later of (A) two years after the Date of Grant of the Incentive 
Stock Option or (B) one year after the date of exercise of the Incentive 
Stock Option. The Company may, if determined by the Committee and in 
accordance with procedures established by the Committee, retain possession 
of any Common Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Incentive 
Stock Option as agent for the applicable Participant until the end of the 
period described in the preceding sentence.
 
(f) Compliance with Laws, etc. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event 
shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option in a manner that the 
Committee determines would violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, if 
applicable, or any other applicable law or the applicable rules and 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the applicable 
rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation 
system on which the securities of the Company are listed or traded.
 
8. Stock Appreciation Rights.
 
(a) Generally. Each SAR granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an 
Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or 
the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under 
contract with the Company)). Each SAR so granted shall be subject to the 
conditions set forth in this Section 8, and to such other conditions not 
inconsistent with this Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award 
Agreement. Any Option granted under this Plan may include tandem SARs 
(i.e., SARs granted in conjunction with an Award of Options under this 
Plan). The Committee also may award SARs to Eligible Persons independent of 
any Option.
 
(b) Exercise Price. The Exercise Price per Common Share for each Option 
granted in connection with a SAR shall not be less than 100% of the Fair 
Market Value of such share determined as of the Date of Grant.
 
(c) Vesting and Expiration. A SAR granted in connection with an Option 
shall become exercisable and shall expire according to the same vesting 
schedule and expiration provisions as the corresponding Option. A SAR 
granted independent of an Option shall vest and become exercisable and 
shall expire in such manner and on such date or dates determined by the 
Committee and shall expire after such period, not to exceed ten years, as 
may be determined by the Committee (the SAR Period); provided, however, 
that notwithstanding any vesting dates set by the Committee, the Committee 
may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the exercisability of any SAR, 
which acceleration shall not affect the terms and conditions of such SAR 
other than with respect to exercisability. Unless otherwise provided by the 
Committee in an Award Agreement:
 
(i) the unvested portion of a SAR shall expire upon termination of 
employment or service of the Participant granted the SAR, and the vested 
portion of such SAR shall remain exercisable for:
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(A) one year following termination of employment or service by reason of 
such Participants death or Disability (with the determination of 
Disability to be made by the Committee on a case by case basis), but not 
later than the expiration of the SAR Period;
 
(B) for directors, officers and employees of the Company only, for six (6) 
months following termination of employment or service by reason of such 
Participants Retirement, but not later than the expiration of the SAR 
Period;
 
(C) ninety (90) days following termination of employment or service for any 
reason other than such Participants death, Disability or Retirement, and 
other than such Participants termination of employment or service for 
Cause, but not later than the expiration of the SAR Period; and
 
(ii) both the unvested and the vested portion of a SAR shall expire 
immediately upon the termination of the Participants employment or service 
by the Company for Cause.
 
(d) Method of Exercise. SARs that have become exercisable may be exercised 
by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company in 
accordance with the terms of the Award, specifying the number of SARs to be 
exercised and the date on which such SARs were awarded. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if on the last day of the Option Period (or in the case of a SAR 
independent of an Option, the SAR Period), the Fair Market Value exceeds 
the Strike Price, the Participant has not exercised the SAR or the 
corresponding Option (if applicable), and neither the SAR nor the 
corresponding Option (if applicable) has expired, such SAR shall be deemed 
to have been exercised by the Participant on such last day and the Company 
shall make the appropriate payment therefor.
 
(e) Payment. Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Company shall pay to the 
Participant an amount equal to the number of Common Shares subject to the 
SAR that are being exercised multiplied by the excess, if any, of the Fair 
Market Value of one Common Share on the exercise date over the Strike 
Price, less an amount equal to any federal, state, local and non-U.S. 
income and employment taxes required to be withheld. The Company shall pay 
such amount in cash, in Common Shares valued at Fair Market Value, or any 
combination thereof, as determined by the Committee. Any fractional Common 
Share shall be settled in cash.
 
9. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units.
 
(a) Generally. Each grant of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic 
medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the 
Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each such grant 
shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 9, and to such 
other conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as may be reflected in the 
applicable Award Agreement. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability and other 
restrictions as the Committee may impose (including, for example, that 
holders of Restricted Stock may not vote or receive dividends on the 
Restricted Stock). These restrictions may lapse separately or in 
combination at such times, under such circumstances, in such installments, 
upon the satisfaction of Performance Goals or otherwise, as the Committee 
determines at the time of the grant of an Award or thereafter. Except as 
otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant shall have none of 
the rights of a stockholder with respect to Restricted Stock Units until 
such time as Common Shares are paid in settlement of such Awards.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b) Restricted Accounts; Escrow or Similar Arrangement. Unless otherwise 
determined by the Committee, upon the grant of Restricted Stock, a book 
entry in a restricted account shall be established in the Participants 
name at the Companys transfer agent and, if the Committee determines that 
the Restricted Stock shall be held by the Company or in escrow rather than 
held in such restricted account pending the release of the applicable 
restrictions, the Committee may require the Participant to additionally 
execute and deliver to the Company (i) an escrow agreement satisfactory to 
the Committee, if applicable, and (ii) the appropriate share power 
(endorsed in blank) with respect to the Restricted Stock covered by such 
agreement. If a Participant shall fail to execute an agreement evidencing 
an Award of Restricted Stock and, if applicable, an escrow agreement and 
blank share power within the amount of time specified by the Committee, the 
Award shall be null and void ab initio. No Participant shall have voting 
rights with respect to any Awards of Restricted Stock. A Participant 
holding Restricted Stock granted hereunder shall not have the right to 
receive dividends on the Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period. To 
the extent shares of Restricted Stock are forfeited, any share certificates 
issued to the Participant evidencing such shares shall be returned to the 
Company, and all rights of the Participant to such shares and as a 
stockholder with respect thereto shall terminate without further obligation 
on the part of the Company.
 
(c) Vesting; Acceleration of Lapse of Restrictions. Unless otherwise 
provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement, the unvested portion of 
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall terminate and be 
forfeited upon the termination of employment or service of the Participant 
granted the applicable Award.
 
(d) Delivery of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. 
(i) Upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any shares 
of Restricted Stock, the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award 
Agreement shall be of no further force or effect with respect to such 
shares, except as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If an escrow 
arrangement is used, upon such expiration, the Company shall deliver to the 
Participant, or his beneficiary, without charge, the share certificate 
evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock that have not then been forfeited 
and with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired (rounded down 
to the nearest full share).
 
(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement, upon 
the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any outstanding 
Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or 
his beneficiary, without charge, one Common Share for each such outstanding 
Restricted Stock Unit; provided, however, that the Committee may, in its 
sole discretion and subject to the requirements of Section 409A, elect to 
(i) pay cash or part cash and part Common Share in lieu of delivering only 
Common Shares in respect of such Restricted Stock Units or (ii) defer the 
delivery of Common Shares (or cash or part Common Shares and part cash, as 
the case may be) beyond the expiration of the Restricted Period if such 
delivery would result in a violation of applicable law until such time as 
is no longer the case. If a cash payment is made in lieu of delivering 
Common Shares, the amount of such payment shall be equal to the Fair Market 
Value of the Common Shares as of the date on which the Restricted Period 
lapsed with respect to such Restricted Stock Units, less an amount equal to 
any federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and employment taxes required 
to be withheld.
 
10. Stock Bonus Awards. The Committee may issue unrestricted Common Shares, 
or other Awards denominated in Common Shares, under this Plan to Eligible 
Persons, either alone or in tandem with other awards, in such amounts as 
the Committee shall from time to time in its sole discretion determine. 
Each Stock Bonus Award granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an 
Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or 
the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under 
contract with the Company)). Each Stock Bonus Award so granted shall be 
subject to such conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as may be 
reflected in the applicable Award Agreement.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
11. Performance Compensation Awards.
 
(a) Generally. The provisions of the Plan are intended to enable Options 
and Stock Appreciation Rights granted hereunder to certain Eligible Persons 
to qualify for an exemption under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee 
shall have the authority, at the time of grant of any Award described in 
Sections 7 through 10 of this Plan, to designate such Award as a 
Performance Compensation Award intended to qualify as performance-based 
compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee shall have 
the authority to make an award of a cash bonus to any Participant and 
designate such Award as a Performance Compensation Award intended to 
qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the 
Code.
 
(b) Discretion of Committee with Respect to Performance Compensation Awards
. With regard to a particular Performance Period, the Committee shall have 
sole discretion to select the length of such Performance Period, the 
type(s) of Performance Compensation Awards to be issued, the Performance 
Criteria that will be used to establish the Performance Goal(s), the 
kind(s) and/or level(s) of the Performance Goals(s) that is (are) to apply 
and the Performance Formula. Within the first 90 calendar days of a 
Performance Period (or, if longer or shorter, within the maximum period 
allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code, if applicable), the Committee 
shall, with regard to the Performance Compensation Awards to be issued for 
such Performance Period, exercise its discretion with respect to each of 
the matters enumerated in the immediately preceding sentence and record the 
same in writing.
 
(c) Performance Criteria. The Performance Criteria that will be used to 
establish the Performance Goal(s) shall be based on the attainment of 
specific levels of performance of the Company and/or one or more 
Affiliates, divisions or operational units, or any combination of the 
foregoing, as determined by the Committee, which criteria may be based on 
one or more of the following business criteria: (i) revenue; (ii) sales; 
(iii) profit (net profit, gross profit, operating profit, economic profit, 
profit margins or other corporate profit measures); (iv) earnings (EBIT, 
EBITDA, earnings per share, or other corporate earnings measures); (v) net 
income (before or after taxes, operating income or other income measures); 
(vi) cash (cash flow, cash generation or other cash measures); (vii) stock 
price or performance; (viii) total stockholder return (stock price 
appreciation plus reinvested dividends divided by beginning share price); 
(ix) economic value added; (x) return measures (including, but not limited 
to, return on assets, capital, equity, investments or sales, and cash flow 
return on assets, capital, equity, or sales); (xi) market share; (xii) 
improvements in capital structure; (xiii) expenses (expense management, 
expense ratio, expense efficiency ratios or other expense measures); (xiv) 
business expansion or consolidation (acquisitions and divestitures); (xv) 
internal rate of return or increase in net present value; (xvi) working 
capital targets relating to inventory and/or accounts receivable; (xvii) 
inventory management; (xviii) service or product delivery or quality; (xix) 
customer satisfaction; (xx) employee retention; (xxi) safety standards; 
(xxii) productivity measures; (xxiii) cost reduction measures; and/or 
(xxiv) strategic plan development and implementation. Any one or more of 
the Performance Criteria adopted by the Committee may be used on an 
absolute or relative basis to measure the performance of the Company and/or 
one or more Affiliates as a whole or any business unit(s) of the Company 
and/or one or more Affiliates or any combination thereof, as the Committee 
may deem appropriate, or any of the above Performance Criteria may be 
compared to the performance of a selected group of comparison companies, or 
a published or special index that the Committee, in its sole discretion, 
deems appropriate, or as compared to various stock market indices. The 
Committee also has the authority to provide for accelerated vesting of any 
Award based on the achievement of Performance Goals pursuant to the 
Performance Criteria specified in this paragraph. To the extent required 
under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall, within the first 90 
calendar days of a Performance Period (or, if longer or shorter, within the 
maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code), define in an 
objective fashion the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it 
selects to use for such Performance Period and thereafter promptly 
communicate such Performance Criteria to the Participant.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d) Modification of Performance Goal(s). In the event that applicable tax 
and/or securities laws change to permit Committee discretion to alter the 
governing Performance Criteria without obtaining stockholder approval of 
such alterations, the Committee shall have sole discretion to make such 
alterations without obtaining stockholder approval. The Committee is 
authorized at any time during the first 90 calendar days of a Performance 
Period (or, if longer or shorter, within the maximum period allowed under 
Section 162(m) of the Code, if applicable), or at any time thereafter to 
the extent the exercise of such authority at such time would not cause the 
Performance Compensation Awards granted to any Participant for such 
Performance Period to fail to qualify as performance-based compensation 
under Section 162(m) of the Code, in its sole discretion, to adjust or 
modify the calculation of a Performance Goal for such Performance Period, 
based on and in order to appropriately reflect the following events: (i) 
asset write-downs; (ii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements; (iii) 
the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or 
regulatory rules affecting reported results; (iv) any reorganization and 
restructuring programs; (v) extraordinary nonrecurring items as described 
in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30 (or any successor 
pronouncement thereto) and/or in managements discussion and analysis of 
financial condition and results of operations appearing in the Companys 
annual report to stockholders for the applicable year; (vi) acquisitions or 
divestitures; (vii) any other specific unusual or nonrecurring events, or 
objectively determinable category thereof; (viii) foreign exchange gains 
and losses; and (ix) a change in the Companys fiscal year.
 
(e) Payment of Performance Compensation Awards.
 
(i) Condition to Receipt of Payment. Unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Award Agreement, a Participant must be employed by, or in 
service to, the Company on the last day of a Performance Period to be 
eligible for payment in respect of a Performance Compensation Award for 
such Performance Period.
 
(ii) Limitation. A Participant shall be eligible to receive payment in 
respect of a Performance Compensation Award only to the extent that: (A) 
the Performance Goals for such period are achieved; and (B) all or some of 
the portion of such Participants Performance Compensation Award has been 
earned for the Performance Period based on the application of the 
Performance Formula to such achieved Performance Goals.
 
(iii) Certification. Following the completion of a Performance Period, the 
Committee shall review and certify in writing whether, and to what extent, 
the Performance Goals for the Performance Period have been achieved and, if 
so, calculate and certify in writing that amount of the Performance 
Compensation Awards earned for the period based upon the Performance 
Formula. The Committee shall then determine the amount of each 
Participants Performance Compensation Award actually payable for the 
Performance Period and, in so doing, may apply Negative Discretion.
 
(iv) Use of Negative Discretion. In determining the actual amount of an 
individual Participants Performance Compensation Award for a Performance 
Period, the Committee may reduce or eliminate the amount of the Performance 
Compensation Award earned under the Performance Formula in the Performance 
Period through the use of Negative Discretion if, in its sole judgment, 
such reduction or elimination is appropriate. The Committee shall not have 
the discretion, except as is otherwise provided in this Plan, to (A) grant 
or provide payment in respect of Performance Compensation Awards for a 
Performance Period if the Performance Goals for such Performance Period 
have not been attained; or (B) increase a Performance Compensation Award 
above the applicable limitations set forth in Section 5 of this Plan.
 
(f) Timing of Award Payments. Performance Compensation Awards granted for a 
Performance Period shall be paid to Participants as soon as 
administratively practicable following
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
completion of the certifications required by this Section 11, but in no 
event later than two-and-one-half months following the end of the fiscal 
year during which the Performance Period is completed in order to comply 
with the short-term deferral rules under Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the 
Treasury Regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payment of a 
Performance Compensation Award may be delayed, as permitted by Section 
1.409A-2(b)(7)(i) of the Treasury Regulations, to the extent that the 
Company reasonably anticipates that if such payment were made as scheduled, 
the Companys tax deduction with respect to such payment would not be 
permitted due to the application of Section 162(m) of the Code.
 
12. Changes in Capital Structure and Similar Events. In the event of (a) 
any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common 
Shares, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, 
reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, 
split-up, split-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of Common Shares 
or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to 
acquire Common Shares or other securities of the Company, or other similar 
corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a Change in 
Control) that affects the Common Shares, or (b) unusual or nonrecurring 
events (including, without limitation, a Change in Control) affecting the 
Company, any Affiliate, or the financial statements of the Company or any 
Affiliate, or changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other 
requirements of any governmental body or securities exchange or 
inter-dealer quotation system, accounting principles or law, such that in 
either case an adjustment is determined by the Committee in its sole 
discretion to be necessary or appropriate in order to prevent dilution or 
enlargement of rights, then the Committee shall make any such adjustments 
that are equitable, including, without limitation, adjusting any or all of 
(A) the number of Common Shares or other securities of the Company (or 
number and kind of other securities or other property) that may be 
delivered in respect of Awards or with respect to which Awards may be 
granted under this Plan (including, without limitation, adjusting any or 
all of the limitations under Section 5 of this Plan) and (B) the terms of 
any outstanding Award, including, without limitation, (1) the number of 
Common Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of 
other securities or other property) subject to outstanding Awards or to 
which outstanding Awards relate, (2) the Exercise Price or Strike Price 
with respect to any Award or (3) any applicable performance measures 
(including, without limitation, Performance Criteria and Performance 
Goals). All adjustments shall be made in good faith compliance with Section 
409A.
 
13. Effect of Change in Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change in 
Control, unless otherwise specifically prohibited under applicable laws or 
by the rules and regulations of any governing governmental agencies or 
national securities exchanges, or unless the Committee shall specify 
otherwise in the Award Agreement, the Committee is authorized (but not 
obligated) to make any of the following adjustments (or any combination 
thereof) in the terms and conditions of outstanding Awards:  (a) 
continuation or assumption of such outstanding Awards under the Plan by the 
Company (if it is the surviving company or corporation) or by the surviving 
company or corporation or its parent; (b) substitution by the surviving 
company or corporation or its parent of equity, equity-based and/or cash 
awards with substantially the same terms for outstanding Awards (excluding 
the security deliverable upon settlement of the Awards), including, in the 
case of Options, substitution by the surviving company or corporation or 
its parent of restricted stock or other equity, which may be subject to 
substantially the same vesting and/or forfeiture terms as such Options, in 
an amount equal to the intrinsic value of such Options; (c) accelerated 
exercisability, vesting and/or lapse of restrictions under outstanding 
Awards immediately prior to the occurrence of such event; (d) upon written 
notice, provide that any outstanding Awards must be exercised, to the 
extent then exercisable, during a reasonable period of time immediately 
prior to the scheduled consummation of the event or such other period as 
determined by the Committee (contingent upon the consummation of the 
event), and at the end of such period, such Awards shall terminate to the 
extent not so exercised within the relevant period; and (e) cancellation of 
all or any portion of outstanding Awards for fair value (in the form of 
cash, Common Shares, other property or any combination thereof) as 
determined in the sole discretion of the Committee and which value may be 
zero; provided, that, in the
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
case of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights or similar Awards, (x) such 
fair value may equal the excess, if any, of the value of the consideration 
to be paid in the Change in Control transaction to holders of the same 
number of Common Shares subject to such Awards (or, if no such 
consideration is paid, the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares subject 
to such outstanding Awards or portion thereof being canceled) over the 
aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price, as applicable, with respect to 
such Awards or the portion thereof being canceled (or if no such excess, 
zero), and (y) to the extent that the Options, Stock Appreciation Rights or 
similar Awards are not then vested, such excess may be paid in restricted 
stock or other equity, which may be subject to substantially the same 
vesting and/or forfeiture terms as such Options, Stock Appreciation Rights 
or similar awards, in an amount equal to the intrinsic value of such 
Options, Stock Appreciation Rights or similar Awards.
 
14. Amendments and Termination.
 
(a) Amendment and Termination of this Plan. The Board may amend, alter, 
suspend, discontinue, or terminate this Plan or any portion thereof at any 
time; provided, that (i) no amendment to the definition of Eligible Person 
in Section 2(q), Section 5(b), Section 11(c) or Section 14(b) (to the 
extent required by the proviso in such Section 14(b)) shall be made without 
stockholder approval and (ii) no such amendment, alteration, suspension, 
discontinuation or termination shall be made without stockholder approval 
if such approval is necessary to comply with any tax or regulatory 
requirement applicable to this Plan (including, without limitation, as 
necessary to comply with any rules or requirements of any national 
securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common 
Shares may be listed or quoted or to prevent the Company from being denied 
a tax deduction under Section 162(m) of the Code); and, provided, further, 
that any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or 
termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any 
Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award theretofore granted 
shall not to that extent be effective without the prior written consent of 
the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary.
 
(b) Amendment of Award Agreements. The Committee may, to the extent 
consistent with the terms of any applicable Award Agreement, waive any 
conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, 
discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore granted or the 
associated Award Agreement, prospectively or retroactively; provided, 
however that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, 
discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and 
adversely affect the rights of any Participant with respect to any Award 
theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the 
consent of the affected Participant.
 
(c) Prohibition on Repricing.  Subject to Section 5, the Committee shall 
not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company (i) reduce the 
exercise price, or cancel and reissue options so as to in effect reduce the 
exercise price or (ii) change the manner of determining the exercise price 
so that the exercise price is less than the fair market value per share of 
Common Stock.
 
15. General.
 
(a) Award Agreements. Each Award under this Plan shall be evidenced by an 
Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the Participant (whether in 
paper or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site 
maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the 
Company)) and shall specify the terms and conditions of the Award and any 
rules applicable thereto, including without limitation, the effect on such 
Award of the death, Disability or termination of employment or service of a 
Participant, or of such other events as may be determined by the Committee. 
The Companys failure to specify any term of any Award in any particular 
Award Agreement shall not invalidate such term, provided such terms was 
duly adopted by the Board or the Committee.
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b) Non-transferability; Trading Restrictions.
 
(i) Each Award shall be exercisable only by a Participant during the 
Participants lifetime, or, if permissible under applicable law, by the 
Participants legal guardian or representative. No Award may be assigned, 
alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered 
by a Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and 
distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, 
attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable 
against the Company or an Affiliate; provided that the designation of a 
beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, 
attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance.
 
(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole 
discretion, permit Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to be 
transferred by a Participant, with or without consideration, subject to 
such rules as the Committee may adopt consistent with any applicable Award 
Agreement to preserve the purposes of this Plan, to: (A) any person who is 
a family member of the Participant, as such term is used in the 
instructions to Form S-8 under the Securities Act (collectively, the 
Immediate Family Members); (B) a trust solely for the benefit of the 
Participant and his or her Immediate Family Members; or (C) a partnership 
or limited liability company whose only partners or stockholders are the 
Participant and his or her Immediate Family Members; or (D) any other 
transferee as may be approved either (I) by the Board or the Committee in 
its sole discretion, or (II) as provided in the applicable Award Agreement 
(each transferee described in clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D) above is 
hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Transferee); provided, that the 
Participant gives the Committee advance written notice describing the terms 
and conditions of the proposed transfer and the Committee notifies the 
Participant in writing that such a transfer would comply with the 
requirements of this Plan.
 
(iii) The terms of any Award transferred in accordance with subparagraph 
(ii) above shall apply to the Permitted Transferee and any reference in 
this Plan, or in any applicable Award Agreement, to a Participant shall be 
deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee, except that (A) Permitted 
Transferees shall not be entitled to transfer any Award, other than by will 
or the laws of descent and distribution; (B) Permitted Transferees shall 
not be entitled to exercise any transferred Option unless there shall be in 
effect a registration statement on an appropriate form covering the Common 
Shares to be acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Option if the 
Committee determines, consistent with any applicable Award Agreement, that 
such a registration statement is necessary or appropriate; (C) the 
Committee or the Company shall not be required to provide any notice to a 
Permitted Transferee, whether or not such notice is or would otherwise have 
been required to be given to the Participant under this Plan or otherwise; 
and (D) the consequences of the termination of the Participants employment 
by, or services to, the Company or an Affiliate under the terms of this 
Plan and the applicable Award Agreement shall continue to be applied with 
respect to the Participant, including, without limitation, that an Option 
shall be exercisable by the Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and 
for the periods, specified in this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement.
 
(iv) The Committee shall have the right, either on an Award-by-Award basis 
or as a matter of policy for all Awards or one or more classes of Awards, 
to condition the delivery of vested Common Shares received in connection 
with such Award on the Participants agreement to such restrictions as the 
Committee may determine.
 
(c) Tax Withholding.
 
(i) A Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, 
or the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby 
authorized to withhold, from any cash, Common Shares, other securities or 
other property deliverable under any Award or from any compensation or 
other amounts owing to a Participant, the amount (in cash, Common Shares, 
other
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
securities or other property) of any required withholding taxes in respect 
of an Award, its exercise, or any payment or transfer under an Award or 
under this Plan and to take such other action as may be necessary in the 
opinion of the Committee or the Company to satisfy all obligations for the 
payment of such withholding and taxes. In addition, the Committee, in its 
discretion, may make arrangements mutually agreeable with a Participant who 
is not an employee of the Company or an Affiliate to facilitate the payment 
of applicable income and self-employment taxes.
 
(ii) Without limiting the generality of clause (i) above, the Committee 
may, in its sole discretion, permit a Participant to satisfy, in whole or 
in part, the foregoing withholding liability by (A) the delivery of Common 
Shares (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest) 
owned by the Participant having a fair market value equal to such 
withholding liability or (B) having the Company withhold from the number of 
Common Shares otherwise issuable or deliverable pursuant to the exercise or 
settlement of the Award a number of shares with a fair market value equal 
to such withholding liability (but no more than the minimum required 
statutory withholding liability).
 
(d) No Claim to Awards; No Rights to Continued Employment; Waiver. No 
employee of the Company or an Affiliate, or other person, shall have any 
claim or right to be granted an Award under this Plan or, having been 
selected for the grant of an Award, to be selected for a grant of any other 
Award. There is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants 
or holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards 
and the Committees determinations and interpretations with respect thereto 
need not be the same with respect to each Participant and may be made 
selectively among Participants, whether or not such Participants are 
similarly situated. Neither this Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall 
be construed as giving any Participant any right to be retained in the 
employ or service of the Company or an Affiliate, nor shall it be construed 
as giving any Participant any rights to continued service on the Board. The 
Company or any of its Affiliates may at any time dismiss a Participant from 
employment or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any 
liability or any claim under this Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided 
in this Plan or any Award Agreement. By accepting an Award under this Plan, 
a Participant shall thereby be deemed to have waived any claim to continued 
exercise or vesting of an Award or to damages or severance entitlement 
related to non-continuation of the Award beyond the period provided under 
this Plan or any Award Agreement, notwithstanding any provision to the 
contrary in any written employment contract or other agreement between the 
Company and its Affiliates and the Participant, whether any such agreement 
is executed before, on or after the Date of Grant.
 
(e) International Participants. With respect to Participants who reside or 
work outside of the United States of America and who are not (and who are 
not expected to be) covered employees within the meaning of Section 
162(m) of the Code, the Committee may in its sole discretion amend the 
terms of this Plan or outstanding Awards (or establish a sub-plan) with 
respect to such Participants in order to conform such terms with the 
requirements of local law or to obtain more favorable tax or other 
treatment for such Participants, the Company or its Affiliates.
 
(f) Designation and Change of Beneficiary. Each Participant may file with 
the Committee a written designation of one or more persons as the 
beneficiary(ies) who shall be entitled to receive the amounts payable with 
respect to an Award, if any, due under this Plan upon his or her death. A 
Participant may, from time to time, revoke or change his or her beneficiary 
designation without the consent of any prior beneficiary by filing a new 
designation with the Committee. The last such designation filed with the 
Committee shall be controlling; provided, however, that no designation, or 
change or revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received by the 
Committee prior to the Participants death, and in no event shall it be 
effective as of a date prior to such receipt. If no beneficiary designation 
is filed by a Participant, the beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her 
spouse or, if the Participant is unmarried at the time of death, his or her 
estate. Upon the occurrence of a Participants
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
divorce (as evidenced by a final order or decree of divorce), any spousal 
designation previously given by such Participant shall automatically 
terminate.
 
(g) Termination of Employment/Service. Unless determined otherwise by the 
Committee at any point following such event: (i) neither a temporary 
absence from employment or service due to illness, vacation or leave of 
absence nor a transfer from employment or service with the Company to 
employment or service with an Affiliate (or vice-versa) shall be considered 
a termination of employment or service with the Company or an Affiliate; 
and (ii) if a Participants employment with the Company and its Affiliates 
terminates, but such Participant continues to provide services to the 
Company and its Affiliates in a non-employee capacity (or vice-versa), such 
change in status shall not be considered a termination of employment with 
the Company or an Affiliate for purposes of this Plan unless the Committee, 
in its discretion, determines otherwise.
 
(h) No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided 
in this Plan or any Award Agreement, no person shall be entitled to the 
privileges of ownership in respect of Common Shares that are subject to 
Awards hereunder until such shares have been issued or delivered to that 
person.
 
(i) Government and Other Regulations.
 
(i) The obligation of the Company to settle Awards in Common Shares or 
other consideration shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and 
regulations, and to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be 
required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award to the 
contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to offer to sell or to 
sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell or selling, any Common 
Shares pursuant to an Award unless such shares have been properly 
registered for sale pursuant to the Securities Act with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission or unless the Company has received an opinion of 
counsel, satisfactory to the Company, that such shares may be offered or 
sold without such registration pursuant to an available exemption therefrom 
and the terms and conditions of such exemption have been fully complied 
with. The Company shall be under no obligation to register for sale under 
the Securities Act any of the Common Shares to be offered or sold under 
this Plan. The Committee shall have the authority to provide that all 
certificates for Common Shares or other securities of the Company or any 
Affiliate delivered under this Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer 
orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under 
this Plan, the applicable Award Agreement, the federal securities laws, or 
the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation 
system upon which such shares or other securities are then listed or quoted 
and any other applicable federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws, and, 
without limiting the generality of Section 9 of this Plan, the Committee 
may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make 
appropriate reference to such restrictions. Notwithstanding any provision 
in this Plan to the contrary, the Committee reserves the right to add any 
additional terms or provisions to any Award granted under this Plan that it 
in its sole discretion deems necessary or advisable in order that such 
Award complies with the legal requirements of any governmental entity to 
whose jurisdiction the Award is subject.
 
(ii) The Committee may cancel an Award or any portion thereof if it 
determines, in its sole discretion, that legal or contractual restrictions 
and/or blockage and/or other market considerations would make the Companys 
acquisition of Common Shares from the public markets, the Companys 
issuance of Common Shares to the Participant, the Participants acquisition 
of Common Shares from the Company and/or the Participants sale of Common 
Shares to the public markets, illegal, impracticable or inadvisable. If the 
Committee determines to cancel all or any portion of an Award in accordance 
with the foregoing, unless doing so would violate Section 409A, the Company 
shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the excess of (A) the 
aggregate Fair Market Value of the Common Shares
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
subject to such Award or portion thereof canceled (determined as of the 
applicable exercise date, or the date that the shares would have been 
vested or delivered, as applicable), over (B) the aggregate Exercise Price 
or Strike Price (in the case of an Option or SAR, respectively) or any 
amount payable as a condition of delivery of Common Shares (in the case of 
any other Award). Such amount shall be delivered to the Participant as soon 
as practicable following the cancellation of such Award or portion thereof. 
The Committee shall have the discretion to consider and take action to 
mitigate the tax consequence to the Participant in cancelling an Award in 
accordance with this clause.
 
(j) Payments to Persons Other Than Participants. If the Committee shall 
find that any person to whom any amount is payable under this Plan is 
unable to care for his affairs because of illness or accident, or is a 
minor, or has died, then any payment due to such person or his estate 
(unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly appointed legal 
representative) may, if the Committee so directs the Company, be paid to 
his spouse, child, relative, an institution maintaining or having custody 
of such person, or any other person deemed by the Committee to be a proper 
recipient on behalf of such person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such 
payment shall be a complete discharge of the liability of the Committee and 
the Company therefor.
 
(k) Non exclusivity of this Plan. Neither the adoption of this Plan by the 
Board nor the submission of this Plan to the stockholders of the Company 
for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of 
the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may deem 
desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options or 
other equity-based awards otherwise than under this Plan, and such 
arrangements may be either applicable generally or only in specific cases.
 
(l) No Trust or Fund Created. Neither this Plan nor any Award shall create 
or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a 
fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Affiliate, on the one 
hand, and a Participant or other person or entity, on the other hand. No 
provision of this Plan or any Award shall require the Company, for the 
purpose of satisfying any obligations under this Plan, to purchase assets 
or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are 
made or otherwise to segregate any assets, nor shall the Company maintain 
separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the existence 
of a segregated or separately maintained or administered fund for such 
purposes. Participants shall have no rights under this Plan other than as 
general unsecured creditors of the Company, except that insofar as they may 
have become entitled to payment of additional compensation by performance 
of services, they shall have the same rights as other employees under 
general law.
 
(m) Reliance on Reports. Each member of the Committee and each member of 
the Board shall be fully justified in acting or failing to act, as the case 
may be, and shall not be liable for having so acted or failed to act in 
good faith, in reliance upon any report made by the independent public 
accountant of the Company and/or its Affiliates and/or any other 
information furnished in connection with this Plan by any agent of the 
Company or the Committee or the Board, other than himself.
 
(n) Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under this Plan shall be 
taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, 
retirement, profit sharing, group insurance or other benefit plan of the 
Company except as otherwise specifically provided in such other plan.
 
(o) Governing Law. The provisions of this Plan shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without 
regard to its conflicts of laws principles.
 
(p) Severability. If any provision of this Plan or any Award or Award 
Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any person or
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
entity or Award, or would disqualify this Plan or any Award under any law 
deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or 
deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws in the manner that most 
closely reflects the original intent of the Award or the Plan, or if it 
cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the 
Committee, materially altering the intent of this Plan or the Award, such 
provision shall be construed or deemed stricken as to such jurisdiction, 
person or entity or Award and the remainder of this Plan and any such Award 
shall remain in full force and effect.
 
(q) Obligations Binding on Successors. The obligations of the Company under 
this Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization 
resulting from the merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other 
reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or 
organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of 
the Company.
 
(r) Code Section 162(m) Approval. If so determined by the Committee, the 
provisions of this Plan regarding Performance Compensation Awards shall be 
disclosed and reapproved by stockholders no later than the first 
stockholder meeting that occurs in the fifth year following the year in 
which stockholders previously approved such provisions, in each case in 
order for certain Awards granted after such time to be exempt from the 
deduction limitations of Section 162(m) of the Code. Nothing in this 
clause, however, shall affect the validity of Awards granted after such 
time if such stockholder approval has not been obtained.
 
(s) Expenses; Gender; Titles and Headings. The expenses of administering 
this Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Affiliates. Masculine 
pronouns and other words of masculine gender shall refer to both men and 
women. The titles and headings of the sections in this Plan are for 
convenience of reference only, and in the event of any conflict, the text 
of this Plan, rather than such titles or headings shall control.
 
(t) Other Agreements. Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may require, 
as a condition to the grant of and/or the receipt of Common Shares under an 
Award, that the Participant execute lock-up, stockholder or other 
agreements, as it may determine in its sole and absolute discretion.
 
(u) Section 409A. The Plan and all Awards granted hereunder are intended to 
comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A. 
The Plan and all Awards granted under this Plan shall be administered, 
interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A to the 
extent necessary to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 
409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. In no event shall the Company or any of its 
Affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may 
be imposed on a Participant under Section 409A or any damages for failing 
to comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the 
Plan or Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred 
compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) that are otherwise 
required to be made under the Plan to a specified employee (within the 
meaning of Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Regulations)  as a result of 
his or her separation from service (other than a payment that is not 
subject to Section 409A) shall be delayed for the first six months 
following such separation from service (or, if earlier, until the date of 
death of the specified employee) and shall instead be paid (in a manner set 
forth in the Award Agreement) on the day that immediately follows the end 
of such six-month period or as soon as administratively practicable 
thereafter.  Any remaining payments of nonqualified deferred compensation 
shall be paid without delay and at the time or times such payments are 
otherwise scheduled to be made. A termination of employment or service 
shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of the 
Plan or any Award Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or 
benefits that are considered nonqualified deferred compensation under 
Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment or service, 
unless such termination is also a separation from service within the 
meaning of Section 409A and the payment
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
thereof prior to a separation from service would violate Section 409A.  
For purposes of any such provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement 
relating to any such payments or benefits, references to a termination, 
termination of employment, termination of service, or like terms shall 
mean separation from service.
 
(v) Payments. Participants shall be required to pay, to the extent required 
by applicable law, any amounts required to receive Common Shares under any 
Award made under this Plan.
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

