 EX-10.4 13 a2234511zex-10_4.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4
 
WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
THIS WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of [·] (as it may from time to 
time be amended, this Agreement), is entered into by and between DFB 
Healthcare Acquisitions Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and 
Deerfield/RAB Ventures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
Purchaser).
 
WHEREAS, the Company intends to consummate a public offering of the 
Companys units (the Public Offering), each unit consisting of one share 
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (a Share), and 
one-third of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant exercisable for one 
Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Share, as set forth in the 
Companys registration statement on Form S-1 related to the Public Offering 
(the Registration Statement); and
 
WHEREAS, the Purchaser has agreed to purchase from the Company an aggregate 
of 4,333,333 warrants (or up to 4,833,333 warrants if the underwriters 
option to purchase additional units in connection with the Public Offering 
is exercised in full) (the Sponsor Warrants), each Sponsor Warrant 
entitling the holder to purchase one Share at an exercise price of $11.50 
per Share.
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this 
Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement 
hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:
 
AGREEMENT
 
Section 1.                                          Authorization, Purchase 
and Sale; Terms of the Sponsor Warrants.
 
A.                                    Authorization of the Sponsor Warrants
.  The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Sponsor 
Warrants to the Purchaser.
 
B.                                    Purchase and Sale of the Sponsor 
Warrants.
 
(i)                                     As payment in full for the 
4,333,333 Sponsor Warrants being purchased under this Agreement, Purchaser 
shall pay $6,500,000 (the Purchase Price), by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds or by such other method as may be reasonably 
acceptable to the Company, to the trust account (the Trust Account) at a 
financial institution to be chosen by the Company, maintained by 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee, at least one 
(1) business day prior to the date of effectiveness of the Registration 
Statement.
 
(ii)                                  In the event that the over-allotment 
option is exercised in full or in part, Purchaser shall purchase up to an 
additional 500,000 Sponsor Warrants (the Additional Sponsor Warrants), in 
the same proportion as the amount of the underwriters option to purchase 
additional units that is exercised, and simultaneously with such purchase 
of Additional Sponsor Warrants, as payment in full for the Additional 
Sponsor Warrants being purchased hereunder, and at least one (1) business 
day prior to the closing of all or any portion of the over-allotment 
option, Purchaser shall pay $1.50 per Additional Sponsor Warrant, up to an 
aggregate amount of $750,000, by wire transfer of immediately available 
funds or by such other method as may be reasonably acceptable to the 
Company, to the Trust Account.
 
(iii)                               The closing of the purchase and sale of 
the Sponsor Warrants shall take place simultaneously with the closing of 
the Public Offering (the Initial Closing Date).  The closing of the 
purchase and sale of the Additional Sponsor Warrants, if applicable, shall 
take place simultaneously with the closing of all or any portion of the 
underwriters option to purchase additional units (such closing date, 
together with the Initial Closing Date, the Closing Dates and each, a 
Closing Date).  The closing of the purchase and sale of each of the 
Sponsor Warrants and the Additional Sponsor Warrants shall take place at 
the offices of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 
10166, or such other place as may be agreed upon by the parties hereto.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
C.                                    Terms of the Sponsor Warrants.
 
(i)                                     The Sponsor Warrants shall have 
their terms set forth in a Warrant Agreement to be entered into by the 
Company and a warrant agent, in connection with the Public Offering (a 
Warrant Agreement).
 
(ii)                                   At or prior to the time of the 
Initial Closing Date, the Company and the Purchaser shall enter into a 
registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) 
pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the 
Purchaser relating to the Sponsor Warrants and the Shares underlying the 
Sponsor Warrants.
 
Section 2.                                          Representations and 
Warranties of the Company.  As a material inducement to the Purchaser to 
enter into this Agreement and purchase the Sponsor Warrants, the Company 
hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser (which representations and 
warranties shall survive the Closing Dates) that:
 
A.                                    Organization and Corporate Power.  
The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and is qualified to do 
business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would 
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition, operating results or assets of the Company.  The Company 
possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry 
out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Warrant 
Agreement.
 
B.                                    Authorization; No Breach.
 
(i)                                     The execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement and the Sponsor Warrants have been duly 
authorized by the Company as of the Closing Dates.  This Agreement 
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in 
accordance with its terms.  Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment 
pursuant to, the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Agreement, the 
Sponsor Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations of the 
Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms as of the Closing 
Dates.
 
(ii)                                  The execution and delivery by the 
Company of this Agreement and the Sponsor Warrants, the issuance and sale 
of the Sponsor Warrants, the issuance of the Shares upon exercise of the 
Sponsor Warrants and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the 
respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as 
of the Closing Dates (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, 
conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default under, (c) result in 
the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the 
Companys capital stock or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or 
(e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action 
by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative 
or governmental body or agency pursuant to the certificate of incorporation 
or the bylaws of the Company (in effect on the date hereof or as may be 
amended prior to completion of the contemplated Public Offering), or any 
material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, 
or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is 
subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under 
federal or state securities laws.
 
C.                                    Title to Securities.  Upon issuance 
in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the 
Warrant Agreement, the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Sponsor 
Warrants will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.  
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof 
and the Warrant Agreement, the Purchaser will have good title to the 
Sponsor Warrants and the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Sponsor 
Warrants, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, 
other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other 
agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under federal 
and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed 
due to the actions of the Purchaser.
 
D.                                    Governmental Consents.  No permit, 
consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, 
any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution, 
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the 
consummation by the Company of any other transactions contemplated hereby.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 3.                                          Representations and 
Warranties of the Purchaser.  As a material inducement to the Company to 
enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the Sponsor Warrants to the 
Purchaser, the Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company 
(which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing Dates) 
that:
 
A.                                    Organization and Requisite Authority
.  The Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to 
carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
B.                                    Authorization; No Breach.
 
(i)                                     This Agreement constitutes a valid 
and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its 
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, 
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating 
to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles 
(whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).
 
(ii)                                  The execution and delivery by the 
Purchaser of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the 
terms hereof by the Purchaser does not and shall not as of the Closing 
Dates conflict with or result in a breach by the Purchaser of the terms, 
conditions or provisions of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment or 
decree to which the Purchaser is subject.
 
C.                                    Investment Representations.
 
(i)                                     The Purchaser is acquiring the 
Sponsor Warrants and, upon exercise of the Sponsor Warrants, the Shares 
issuable upon such exercise (collectively, the Securities), for the 
Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view 
towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution 
thereof.
 
(ii)                                  The Purchaser is an accredited 
investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D.
 
(iii)                               The Purchaser understands that the 
Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific 
exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal 
and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth 
and accuracy of, and the Purchasers compliance with, the representations 
and warranties of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the 
availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Purchaser to 
acquire such Securities.
 
(iv)                              The Purchaser did not enter into this 
Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising 
within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act).
 
(v)                                 The Purchaser has been furnished with 
all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the 
Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities 
which have been requested by the Purchaser.  The Purchaser has been 
afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and 
directors of the Company.  The Purchaser understands that its investment in 
the Securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such 
accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an 
informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the 
Securities.
 
(vi)                              The Purchaser understands that no United 
States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental 
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the 
Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the 
Securities by the Purchaser nor have such authorities passed upon or 
endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.
 
(vii)                           The Purchaser understands that:  (a) the 
Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities 
Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, 
assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or 
(2) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as 
specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the 
Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the 
Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to 
comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder.  In this 
regard, the Purchaser understands that the Securities and
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exchange Commission has taken the position that promoters or affiliates of 
a blank check company and their transferees, both before and after an 
initial business combination, are deemed to be underwriters under the 
Securities Act when reselling the securities of a blank check company.  
Based on that position, Rule 144 adopted pursuant to the Securities Act 
would not be available for resale transactions of the Securities despite 
technical compliance with the certain requirements of such Rule, and the 
Securities can be resold only through a registered offering or in reliance 
upon another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act.
 
(viii)                        The Purchaser has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters, knowledge of the high degree 
of risk associated with investments in the securities of companies in the 
development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Securities and is able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated 
hereunder for an indefinite period of time.  The Purchaser has adequate 
means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and 
will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would 
be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities.  The Purchaser can 
afford a complete loss of its investments in the Securities.
 
Section 4.                                          Conditions of the 
Purchasers Obligations.  The obligations of the Purchaser to purchase and 
pay for the Sponsor Warrants are subject to the fulfillment, on or before 
the Closing Dates, of each of the following conditions:
 
A.                                    Representations and Warranties.  The 
representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall 
be true and correct at and as of the Closing Dates as though then made.
 
B.                                    Performance.  The Company shall have 
performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions 
contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied 
with by it on or before the Closing Dates.
 
C.                                    No Injunction.  No litigation, 
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction 
shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any 
court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any 
self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated 
hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement or the Warrant Agreement.
 
D.                                    Warrant Agreement.  The Company shall 
have entered into a Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms 
satisfactory to the Purchaser (the Warrant Agreement).
 
Section 5.                                          Conditions of the 
Companys Obligations.  The obligations of the Company to the Purchaser 
under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, on or before the 
Closing Dates, of each of the following conditions:
 
A.                                    Representations and Warranties.  The 
representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3 
shall be true and correct at and as of the Closing Dates as though then 
made.
 
B.                                    Performance.  The Purchaser shall 
have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions 
contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied 
with by the Purchaser on or before the Closing Dates.
 
C.                                    No Injunction.  No litigation, 
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction 
shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any 
court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any 
self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated 
hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement or the Warrant Agreement.
 
D.                                    Warrant Agreement and Registration 
Rights Agreement.  The Company shall have entered into the Warrant 
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 6.                                          Termination.  This 
Agreement may be terminated at any time after April 30, 2018 upon the 
election by either the Company or a Purchaser entitled to purchase a 
majority of the Sponsor Warrants upon written notice to the other parties 
if the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.
 
Section 7.                                          Survival of 
Representations and Warranties.  All of the representations and warranties 
contained herein shall survive the Closing Dates.
 
Section 8.                                          Definitions.  Terms 
used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning 
assigned to such terms in the Registration Statement.
 
Section 9.                                          Miscellaneous.
 
A.                                    Successors and Assigns.  Except as 
otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained 
in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind 
and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto 
whether so expressed or not.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to 
the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other than 
assignments by the Purchaser to affiliates thereof.
 
B.                                    Severability.  Whenever possible, 
each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to 
be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this 
Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such 
provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or 
invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.
 
C.                                    Counterparts.  This Agreement may be 
executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need 
contain the signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts 
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
 
D.                                    Descriptive Headings; Interpretation
.  The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience 
only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement.  The use 
of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather 
than by limitation.
 
E.                                     Governing Law.  This Agreement shall 
be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of Delaware and 
for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of 
the State of Delaware.
 
F.                                      Amendments.  This letter agreement 
may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, 
except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.
 
[Signature page follows]
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be 
effective as of the date first set forth above.
 
 
COMPANY:
 
 
 
DFB HEALTHCARE ACQUISITIONS CORP.
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
Richard Barasch
 
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
DEERFIELD RAB/VENTURES LLC
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
Richard Barasch
 
Title:
Manager
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

