 EX-10.18 24 a17-7305_14ex10d18.htm EX-10.18
Exhibit 10.18
 
CACTUS, INC.
 
Long Term Incentive Plan
 
1.                                      Purpose.  The purpose of the 
Cactus, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan) is to provide a means 
through which (a) Cactus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and 
its Affiliates may attract, retain and motivate qualified persons as 
employees, directors and consultants, thereby enhancing the profitable 
growth of the Company and its Affiliates and (b) persons upon whom the 
responsibilities of the successful administration and management of the 
Company and its Affiliates rest, and whose present and potential 
contributions to the Company and its Affiliates are of importance, can 
acquire and maintain stock ownership or awards the value of which is tied 
to the performance of the Company, thereby strengthening their concern for 
the Company and its Affiliates. Accordingly, the Plan provides for the 
grant of Options, SARs, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock 
Awards, Dividend Equivalents, Other Stock-Based Awards, Cash Awards, 
Substitute Awards, Performance Awards, or any combination of the foregoing, 
as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.
 
2.                                      Definitions.  For purposes of the 
Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below:
 
(a)                                 Affiliate means any corporation, 
partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, 
association, trust or other organization that, directly or indirectly, 
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company.  
For purposes of the preceding sentence, control (including, with 
correlative meanings, the terms controlled by and under common control 
with), as used with respect to any entity or organization, shall mean the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power (i) to vote more than 50% 
of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of 
directors of the controlled entity or organization or (ii) to direct or 
cause the direction of the management and policies of the controlled entity 
or organization, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by 
contract, or otherwise.
 
(b)                                 ASC Topic 718 means the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, 
Compensation  Stock Compensation, as amended or any successor accounting 
standard.
 
(c)                                  Award means any Option, SAR, 
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Stock Award, Dividend Equivalent, 
Other Stock-Based Award, Cash Award, Substitute Award or Performance Award, 
together with any other right or interest, granted under the Plan.
 
(d)                                 Award Agreement means any written 
instrument (including any employment, severance or change in control 
agreement) that sets forth the terms, conditions, restrictions and/or 
limitations applicable to an Award, in addition to those set forth under 
the Plan.
 
(e)                                  Board means the Board of Directors 
of the Company.
 
(f)                                   Cash Award means an Award 
denominated in cash granted under Section 6(i).
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(g)                                  Change in Control means, except as 
otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, the occurrence of any of the 
following events after the Effective Date:
 
(i)                                     A change in the ownership of the 
Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v), 
whereby any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (for 
purposes of this Section 2(g)(i), as such term is defined in Treasury 
Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires ownership of stock in the 
Company that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes 
more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the 
stock of the Company.
 
(ii)                                  A change in the effective control 
of the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation § 
1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi), whereby either (A) any one person, or more than one 
person acting as a group (for purposes of this Section 2(g)(ii), as such 
term is defined in Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)(D)), acquires 
(or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most 
recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the 
Company possessing 30% or more of the total voting power of the stock of 
the Company; or (B) a majority of the members of the Board are replaced 
during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is 
not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of 
the appointment or election.
 
(iii)                               A change in the ownership of a 
substantial portion of the Companys assets within the meaning of Treasury 
Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii), whereby any one person, or more than one 
person acting as a group (for purposes of this Section 2(g)(iii), as such 
term is defined in Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii)(C)), acquires 
(or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most 
recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets of the Company that 
have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40% of the total 
gross fair market value of all the assets of the Company immediately prior 
to such acquisition or acquisitions.
 
The preceding provisions of this Section 2(g) are intended to merely 
summarize the provisions of Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5) and, to 
the extent that the preceding provisions of this Section 2(g) do not 
incorporate fully all of the provisions (or are otherwise inconsistent with 
the provisions) of Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(5), then the relevant 
provisions of such Treasury Regulation shall control.
 
(h)                                 Change in Control Price means the 
amount determined in the following clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v), 
whichever the Committee determines is applicable, as follows:  (i) the 
price per share offered to holders of Stock in any merger or consolidation, 
(ii) the per share Fair Market Value of the Stock immediately before the 
Change in Control or other event without regard to assets sold in the 
Change in Control or other event and assuming the Company has received the 
consideration paid for the assets in the case of a sale of the assets, 
(iii) the amount distributed per share of Stock in a dissolution 
transaction, (iv) the price per share offered to holders of Stock in any 
tender offer or exchange offer whereby a Change in Control or other event 
takes place, or (v) if such Change in Control or other event occurs other 
than pursuant to a transaction described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), or 
(iv) of this Section 2(h), the value per share of the Stock that may 
otherwise be obtained with respect to such Awards or to which such Awards 
track, as determined by the Committee as of the date determined by the 
Committee to be the date
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
of cancellation and surrender of such Awards.  In the event that the 
consideration offered to stockholders of the Company in any transaction 
described in this Section 2(h) or in Section 8(e) consists of anything 
other than cash, the Committee shall determine the fair cash equivalent of 
the portion of the consideration offered which is other than cash and such 
determination shall be binding on all affected Participants to the extent 
applicable to Awards held by such Participants.
 
(i)                                     Code means the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, including the guidance and 
regulations promulgated thereunder and successor provisions, guidance and 
regulations thereto.
 
(j)                                    Committee means a committee of two 
or more directors designated by the Board to administer the Plan; provided
, however, that, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee 
shall consist solely of two or more Qualified Members.
 
(k)                                 Dividend Equivalent means a right, 
granted to an Eligible Person under Section 6(g), to receive cash, Stock, 
other Awards or other property equal in value to dividends paid with 
respect to a specified number of shares of Stock, or other periodic 
payments.
 
(l)                                     Effective Date means February 7, 
2018.
 
(m)                             Eligible Person means any individual who, 
as of the date of grant of an Award, is an officer or employee of the 
Company or of any of its Affiliates, and any other person who provides 
services to the Company or any of its Affiliates, including directors of 
the Company; provided, however, that, any such individual must be an 
employee of the Company or any of its parents or subsidiaries within the 
meaning of General Instruction A.1(a) to Form S-8 if such individual is 
granted an Award that may be settled in Stock.  An employee on leave of 
absence may be an Eligible Person.
 
(n)                                 Exchange Act means the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, including the guidance, 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and successor provisions, 
guidance, rules and regulations thereto.
 
(o)                                 Fair Market Value of a share of Stock 
means, as of any specified date, (i) if the Stock is listed on a national 
securities exchange, the closing sales price of the Stock, as reported on 
the stock exchange composite tape on that date (or if no sales occur on 
such date, on the last preceding date on which such sales of the Stock are 
so reported); (ii) if the Stock is not traded on a national securities 
exchange but is traded over the counter on such date, the average between 
the reported high and low bid and asked prices of Stock on the most recent 
date on which Stock was publicly traded  on or preceding the specified 
date; or (iii) in the event Stock is not publicly traded at the time a 
determination of its value is required to be made under the Plan, the 
amount determined by the Committee in its discretion in such manner as it 
deems appropriate, taking into account all factors the Committee deems 
appropriate, including the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Rules.  
Notwithstanding this definition of Fair Market Value, with respect to one 
or more Award types, or for any other purpose for which the Committee must 
determine the Fair Market Value under the Plan, the Committee may elect to 
choose a different measurement date or methodology for determining Fair 
Market Value so long
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
as the determination is consistent with the Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Rules and all other applicable laws and regulations.
 
(p)                                 ISO means an Option intended to be 
and designated as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 
422 of the Code.
 
(q)                                 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
Rules means the limitations or requirements of Section 409A of the Code, 
as amended from time to time, including the guidance and regulations 
promulgated thereunder and successor provisions, guidance and regulations 
thereto.
 
(r)                                    Nonstatutory Option means an 
Option that is not an ISO.
 
(s)                                   Option means a right, granted to an 
Eligible Person under Section 6(b), to purchase Stock at a specified price 
during specified time periods, which may either be an ISO or a Nonstatutory 
Option.
 
(t)                                    Other Stock-Based Award means an 
Award granted to an Eligible Person under Section 6(h).
 
(u)                                 Participant means a person who has 
been granted an Award under the Plan that remains outstanding, including a 
person who is no longer an Eligible Person.
 
(v)                                 Performance Award means an award 
granted to an Eligible Person under Section 6(k), the grant, vesting, 
exercisability and/or settlement of which (and/or the timing or amount 
thereof) is subject to the achievement of one or more performance goals 
specified by the Committee.
 
(w)                               Qualified Member means a member of the 
Board who is (i) a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 
16b-3(b)(3) and (ii) independent under the listing standards or rules of 
the securities exchange upon which the Stock is traded, but only to the 
extent such independence is required in order to take the action at issue 
pursuant to such standards or rules.
 
(x)                                 Restricted Stock means Stock granted 
to an Eligible Person under Section 6(d) that is subject to certain 
restrictions and to a risk of forfeiture.
 
(y)                                 Restricted Stock Unit means a right, 
granted to an Eligible Person under Section 6(e), to receive Stock, cash or 
a combination thereof at the end of a specified period (which may or may 
not be coterminous with the vesting schedule of the Award).
 
(z)                                  Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3, 
promulgated by the SEC under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
 
(aa)                          SAR means a stock appreciation right 
granted to an Eligible Person under Section 6(c).
 
(bb)                          SEC means the Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(cc)                            Securities Act means the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended from time to time, including the guidance, rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder and successor provisions, guidance, 
rules and regulations thereto.
 
(dd)                          Stock means the Companys Common Stock, par 
value $0.01 per share, and such other securities as may be substituted (or 
re-substituted) for Stock pursuant to Section 8.
 
(ee)                            Stock Award means unrestricted shares of 
Stock granted to an Eligible Person under Section 6(f).
 
(ff)                              Substitute Award means an Award granted 
under Section 6(j).
 
3.                                      Administration.
 
(a)                                 Authority of the Committee.  The Plan 
shall be administered by the Committee except to the extent the Board 
elects to administer the Plan, in which case references herein to the 
Committee shall be deemed to include references to the Board.  Subject 
to the express provisions of the Plan, Rule 16b-3 and other applicable 
laws, the Committee shall have the authority, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, to:
 
    (i) designate Eligible Persons as Participants;
 
    (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to an Eligible
    Person;
 
    (iii) determine the number of shares of Stock or amount of cash to be
    covered by Awards;
 
    (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award, including
    whether, to what extent and under what circumstances Awards may be
    vested, settled, exercised, cancelled or forfeited (including
    conditions based on continued employment or service requirements or the
    achievement of one or more performance goals);
 
    (v) modify, waive or adjust any term or condition of an Award that has
    been granted, which may include the acceleration of vesting, waiver of
    forfeiture restrictions, modification of the form of settlement of the
    Award (for example, from cash to Stock or vice versa), early
    termination of a performance period, or modification of any other
    condition or limitation regarding an Award;
 
    (vi) determine the treatment of an Award upon a termination of
    employment or other service relationship;
 
    (vii) impose a holding period with respect to an Award or the shares of
    Stock received in connection with an Award;
 
    (viii) interpret and administer the Plan and any Award Agreement;
 
    (ix) correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any
    inconsistency in the Plan, in any Award, or in any Award Agreement; and
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (x) make any other determination and take any other action that the
    Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the
    Plan.
 
The express grant of any specific power to the Committee, and the taking of 
any action by the Committee, shall not be construed as limiting any power 
or authority of the Committee.  Any action of the Committee shall be final, 
conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company, its 
Affiliates, stockholders, Participants, beneficiaries, and permitted 
transferees under Section 7(a) or other persons claiming rights from or 
through a Participant.
 
(b)                                 Exercise of Committee Authority.  At 
any time that a member of the Committee is not a Qualified Member, any 
action of the Committee relating to an Award granted or to be granted to an 
Eligible Person who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act in 
respect of the Company where such action is not taken by the full Board may 
be taken either (i) by a subcommittee, designated by the Committee, 
composed solely of two or more Qualified Members, or (ii) by the Committee 
but with each such member who is not a Qualified Member abstaining or 
recusing himself or herself from such action; provided, however, that upon 
such abstention or recusal, the Committee remains composed solely of two or 
more Qualified Members.  Such action, authorized by such a subcommittee or 
by the Committee upon the abstention or recusal of such non-Qualified 
Member(s), shall be the action of the Committee for purposes of the Plan.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the full Board may take any action relating to 
an Award granted or to be granted to an Eligible Person who is then subject 
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act in respect of the Company.
 
(c)                                  Delegation of Authority.  The 
Committee may delegate any or all of its powers and duties under the Plan 
to a subcommittee of directors or to any officer of the Company, including 
the power to perform administrative functions and grant Awards; provided, 
however, that such delegation does not (i) violate state or corporate law, 
(ii) result in the loss of an exemption under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) for Awards 
granted to Participants subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act in 
respect of the Company.  Upon any such delegation, all references in the 
Plan to the Committee, other than in Section 8, shall be deemed to 
include any subcommittee or officer of the Company to whom such powers have 
been delegated by the Committee.  Any such delegation shall not limit the 
right of such subcommittee members or such an officer to receive Awards; 
provided, however, that such subcommittee members and any such officer may 
not grant Awards to himself or herself, a member of the Board, or any 
executive officer of the Company or an Affiliate, or take any action with 
respect to any Award previously granted to himself or herself, a member of 
the Board, or any executive officer of the Company or an Affiliate. The 
Committee may also appoint agents who are not executive officers of the 
Company or members of the Board to assist in administering the Plan, 
provided, however, that such individuals may not be delegated the authority 
to grant or modify any Awards that will, or may, be settled in Stock.
 
(d)                                 Limitation of Liability.  The Committee 
and each member thereof shall be entitled to, in good faith, rely or act 
upon any report or other information furnished to him or her by any officer 
or employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates, the Companys legal 
counsel, independent auditors, consultants or any other agents assisting in 
the administration of the Plan.  Members of the Committee and any officer 
or employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates acting at the direction 
or on behalf of the Committee shall not be personally liable for any action
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and 
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be indemnified and held 
harmless by the Company with respect to any such action or determination.
 
(e)                                  Participants in Non-U.S. Jurisdictions
. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, to comply with 
applicable laws in countries other than the United States in which the 
Company or any of its Affiliates operates or has employees, directors or 
other service providers from time to time, or to ensure that the Company 
complies with any applicable requirements of foreign securities exchanges, 
the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority 
to: (i) determine which of the Companys Affiliates shall be covered by the 
Plan; (ii) determine which Eligible Persons outside the United States are 
eligible to participate in the Plan; (iii) modify the terms and conditions 
of any Award granted to Eligible Persons outside the United States to 
comply with applicable foreign laws or listing requirements of any foreign 
exchange; (iv) establish sub-plans and modify exercise procedures and other 
terms and procedures, to the extent such actions may be necessary or 
advisable (any such sub-plans and/or modifications shall be attached to the 
Plan as appendices), provided, however, that no such sub-plans and/or 
modifications shall increase the share limitations contained in Section 
4(a); and (v) take any action, before or after an Award is granted, that it 
deems advisable to comply with any applicable governmental regulatory 
exemptions or approval or listing requirements of any such foreign 
securities exchange.  For purposes of the Plan, all references to foreign 
laws, rules, regulations or taxes shall be references to the laws, rules, 
regulations and taxes of any applicable jurisdiction other than the United 
States or a political subdivision thereof.
 
4.                                      Stock Subject to Plan.
 
(a)                                 Number of Shares Available for Delivery
.  Subject to adjustment in a manner consistent with Section 8, 3,000,000 
shares of Stock are reserved and available for delivery with respect to 
Awards, and such total shall be available for the issuance of shares upon 
the exercise of ISOs.
 
(b)                                 Application of Limitation to Grants of 
Awards.  Subject to Section 4(c), no Award may be granted if the number of 
shares of Stock that may be delivered in connection with such Award exceeds 
the number of shares of Stock remaining available under the Plan minus the 
number of shares of Stock issuable in settlement of or relating to 
then-outstanding Awards.  The Committee may adopt reasonable counting 
procedures to ensure appropriate counting, avoid double counting (as, for 
example, in the case of tandem or Substitute Awards) and make adjustments 
if the number of shares of Stock actually delivered differs from the number 
of shares previously counted in connection with an Award.
 
(c)                                  Availability of Shares Not Delivered 
under Awards.  Shares of Stock subject to an Award under this Plan that 
expires or is cancelled, forfeited, exchanged, settled in cash or otherwise 
terminated without the actual delivery of shares (Awards of Restricted 
Stock shall not be considered delivered shares for this purpose), will 
again be available for Awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the 
number of shares tendered or withheld in payment of any exercise or 
purchase price of an Award or taxes relating to an Award, (ii) shares that 
were subject to an Option or an SAR but were not issued or delivered as a 
result of the net settlement or net exercise of such Option or SAR and 
(iii) shares repurchased on the open market with the
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
proceeds of an Options exercise price, will not, in each case, be 
available for Awards.  If an Award may be settled only in cash, such Award 
need not be counted against any share limit under this Section 4.
 
(d)                                 Stock Offered.  The shares of Stock to 
be delivered under the Plan shall be made available from (i) authorized but 
unissued shares of Stock, (ii) Stock held in the treasury of the Company, 
or (iii) previously issued shares of Stock reacquired by the Company, 
including shares purchased on the open market.
 
5.                                      Eligibility; Per Person Award 
Limitations.
 
(a)                                 Awards may be granted under the Plan 
only to Eligible Persons.
 
(b)                                 In each calendar year during any part 
of which the Plan is in effect, a non-employee member of the Board may not 
be granted Awards (i) relating to more than 100,000 shares of Stock, 
subject to adjustment in a manner consistent with any adjustment made 
pursuant to Section 8, or (ii) if greater, Awards having a value 
(determined, if applicable, pursuant to ASC Topic 718) on the date of grant 
in excess of $1,500,000, in each case multiplied by the number of full or 
partial calendar years in any performance period established with respect 
to an Award, if applicable; provided, that, for the calendar year in which 
a non-employee member of the Board first commences service on the Board 
only, the foregoing limitations shall be doubled; provided, further that, 
the limits set forth in this Section 5(b) shall be without regard to grants 
of Awards, if any, made to a non-employee member of the Board during any 
period in which such individual was an employee of the Company or of any of 
its Affiliates or was otherwise providing services to the Company or to any 
of its Affiliates other than in the capacity as a director of the Company.
 
6.                                      Specific Terms of Awards.
 
(a)                                 General.  Awards may be granted on the 
terms and conditions set forth in this Section 6.  Awards granted under the 
Plan may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone, in 
addition to, or in tandem with any other Award.  In addition, the Committee 
may impose on any Award or the exercise thereof, at the date of grant or 
thereafter (subject to Section 10), such additional terms and conditions, 
not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall 
determine.
 
(b)                                 Options.  The Committee is authorized 
to grant Options, which may be designated as either ISOs or Nonstatutory 
Options, to Eligible Persons on the following terms and conditions:
 
(i)                                     Exercise Price.  Each Award 
Agreement evidencing an Option shall state the exercise price per share of 
Stock (the Exercise Price) established by the Committee; provided, 
however, that except as provided in Section 6(j) or in Section 8, the 
Exercise Price of an Option shall not be less than the greater of (A) the 
par value per share of the Stock or (B) 100% of the Fair Market Value per 
share of the Stock as of the date of grant of the Option (or in the case of 
an ISO granted to an individual who owns stock possessing more than 10% of 
the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or 
its parent or any of its subsidiaries, 110% of the Fair Market Value per 
share of the Stock on the date of grant).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Exercise Price of a Nonstatutory Option may be less
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
than 100% of the Fair Market Value per share of Stock as of the date of 
grant of the Option if the Option (1) does not provide for a deferral of 
compensation by reason of satisfying the short-term deferral exception set 
forth in the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Rules or (2) provides for a 
deferral of compensation and is compliant with the Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Rules.
 
(ii)                                  Time and Method of Exercise; Other 
Terms.  The Committee shall determine the methods by which the Exercise 
Price may be paid or deemed to be paid, the form of such payment, including 
cash or cash equivalents, Stock (including previously owned shares or 
through a cashless exercise, i.e., net settlement, a broker-assisted 
exercise, or other reduction of the amount of shares otherwise issuable 
pursuant to the Option), other Awards or awards granted under other plans 
of the Company or any Affiliate, other property, or any other legal 
consideration the Committee deems appropriate (including notes or other 
contractual obligations of Participants to make payment on a deferred 
basis), the methods by or forms in which Stock will be delivered or deemed 
to be delivered to Participants, including the delivery of Restricted Stock 
subject to Section 6(d), and any other terms and conditions of any Option.  
In the case of an exercise whereby the Exercise Price is paid with Stock, 
such Stock shall be valued based on the Stocks Fair Market Value as of the 
date of exercise.  No Option may be exercisable for a period of more than 
ten years following the date of grant of the Option (or in the case of an 
ISO granted to an individual who owns stock possessing more than 10% of the 
total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or its 
parent or any of its subsidiaries, for a period of more than five years 
following the date of grant of the ISO).
 
(iii)                               ISOs.  The terms of any ISO granted 
under the Plan shall comply in all respects with the provisions of Section 
422 of the Code.  ISOs may only be granted to Eligible Persons who are 
employees of the Company or employees of a parent or any subsidiary 
corporation of the Company.  Except as otherwise provided in Section 8, no 
term of the Plan relating to ISOs (including any SAR in tandem therewith) 
shall be interpreted, amended or altered, nor shall any discretion or 
authority granted under the Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify either 
the Plan or any ISO under Section 422 of the Code, unless the Participant 
has first requested the change that will result in such disqualification.  
ISOs shall not be granted more than ten years after the earlier of the 
adoption of the Plan or the approval of the Plan by the Companys 
stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the 
aggregate Fair Market Value of shares of Stock subject to an ISO and the 
aggregate Fair Market Value of shares of stock of any parent or subsidiary 
corporation (within the meaning of Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code) 
subject to any other incentive stock options of the Company or a parent or 
subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of Sections 424(e) and (f) of 
the Code) that are exercisable for the first time by a Participant during 
any calendar year exceeds $100,000, or such other amount as may be 
prescribed under Section 422 of the Code, such excess shall be treated as 
Nonstatutory Options in accordance with the Code.  As used in the previous 
sentence, Fair Market Value shall be determined as of the date the ISO is 
granted.  If a Participant shall make any disposition of shares of Stock 
issued pursuant to an ISO under the circumstances described in Section 
421(b) of the Code (relating to disqualifying dispositions), the 
Participant shall notify the Company of such disposition within the time 
provided to do so in the applicable award agreement.
 
(c)                                  SARs.  The Committee is authorized to 
grant SARs to Eligible Persons on the following terms and conditions:
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)                                     Right to Payment.  An SAR is a 
right to receive, upon exercise thereof, the excess of (A) the Fair Market 
Value of one share of Stock on the date of exercise over (B) the grant 
price of the SAR as determined by the Committee.
 
(ii)                                  Grant Price. Each Award Agreement 
evidencing an SAR shall state the grant price per share of Stock 
established by the Committee; provided, however, that except as provided in 
Section 6(j) or in Section 8, the grant price per share of Stock subject to 
an SAR shall not be less than the greater of (A) the par value per share of 
the Stock or (B) 100% of the Fair Market Value per share of the Stock as of 
the date of grant of the SAR.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the grant 
price of an SAR may be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per share of 
Stock subject to an SAR as of the date of grant of the SAR if the SAR (1) 
does not provide for a deferral of compensation by reason of satisfying the 
short-term deferral exception set forth in the Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Rules or (2) provides for a deferral of compensation and is 
compliant with the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Rules.
 
(iii)                               Method of Exercise and Settlement; 
Other Terms. The Committee shall determine the form of consideration 
payable upon settlement, the method by or forms in which Stock (if any) 
will be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants, and any other 
terms and conditions of any SAR.  SARs may be either free-standing or 
granted in tandem with other Awards.  No SAR may be exercisable for a 
period of more than ten years following the date of grant of the SAR.
 
(iv)                              Rights Related to Options.  An SAR 
granted in connection with an Option shall entitle a Participant, upon 
exercise, to surrender that Option or any portion thereof, to the extent 
unexercised, and to receive payment of an amount determined by multiplying 
(A) the difference obtained by subtracting the Exercise Price with respect 
to a share of Stock specified in the related Option from the Fair Market 
Value of a share of Stock on the date of exercise of the SAR, by (B) the 
number of shares as to which that SAR has been exercised.  The Option shall 
then cease to be exercisable to the extent surrendered.  SARs granted in 
connection with an Option shall be subject to the terms and conditions of 
the Award Agreement governing the Option, which shall provide that the SAR 
is exercisable only at such time or times and only to the extent that the 
related Option is exercisable and shall not be transferable except to the 
extent that the related Option is transferrable.
 
(d)                                 Restricted Stock.  The Committee is 
authorized to grant Restricted Stock to Eligible Persons on the following 
terms and conditions:
 
(i)                                     Restrictions.  Restricted Stock 
shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability, risk of 
forfeiture and other restrictions, if any, as the Committee may impose.  
Except as provided in Section 7(a)(iii) and Section 7(a)(iv), during the 
restricted period applicable to the Restricted Stock, the Restricted Stock 
may not be sold, transferred, pledged, hedged, hypothecated, margined or 
otherwise encumbered by the Participant.
 
(ii)                                  Dividends and Splits.  As a condition 
to the grant of an Award of Restricted Stock, the Committee may allow a 
Participant to elect, or may require, that any cash dividends paid on a 
share of Restricted Stock be automatically reinvested in additional shares 
of Restricted Stock, applied to the purchase of additional Awards or 
deferred without interest to the
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
date of vesting of the associated Award of Restricted Stock.  Unless 
otherwise determined by the Committee and specified in the applicable Award 
Agreement, Stock distributed in connection with a Stock split or Stock 
dividend, and other property (other than cash) distributed as a dividend, 
shall be subject to restrictions and a risk of forfeiture to the same 
extent as the Restricted Stock with respect to which such Stock or other 
property has been distributed.
 
(e)                                  Restricted Stock Units.  The Committee 
is authorized to grant Restricted Stock Units to Eligible Persons on the 
following terms and conditions:
 
(i)                                     Award and Restrictions.  Restricted 
Stock Units shall be subject to such restrictions (which may include a risk 
of forfeiture) as the Committee may impose.
 
(ii)                                  Settlement.  Settlement of vested 
Restricted Stock Units shall occur upon vesting or upon expiration of the 
deferral period specified for such Restricted Stock Units by the Committee 
(or, if permitted by the Committee, as elected by the Participant).  
Restricted Stock Units shall be settled by delivery of (A) a number of 
shares of Stock equal to the number of Restricted Stock Units for which 
settlement is due, or (B) cash in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
of the specified number of shares of Stock equal to the number of 
Restricted Stock Units for which settlement is due, or a combination 
thereof, as determined by the Committee at the date of grant or thereafter.
 
(f)                                   Stock Awards.  The Committee is 
authorized to grant Stock Awards to Eligible Persons as a bonus, as 
additional compensation, or in lieu of cash compensation any such Eligible 
Person is otherwise entitled to receive, in such amounts and subject to 
such other terms as the Committee in its discretion determines to be 
appropriate.
 
(g)                                  Dividend Equivalents.  The Committee 
is authorized to grant Dividend Equivalents to Eligible Persons, entitling 
any such Eligible Person to receive cash, Stock, other Awards, or other 
property equal in value to dividends or other distributions paid with 
respect to a specified number of shares of Stock.  Dividend Equivalents may 
be awarded on a free-standing basis or in connection with another Award 
(other than an Award of Restricted Stock or a Stock Award).  The Committee 
may provide that Dividend Equivalents shall be paid or distributed when 
accrued or at a later specified date and, if distributed at a later date, 
may be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Stock, Awards, or other 
investment vehicles or accrued in a bookkeeping account without interest, 
and subject to such restrictions on transferability and risks of 
forfeiture, as the Committee may specify.  With respect to Dividend 
Equivalents granted in connection with another Award, absent a contrary 
provision in the Award Agreement, such Dividend Equivalents shall be 
subject to the same restrictions and risk of forfeiture as the Award with 
respect to which the dividends accrue and shall not be paid unless and 
until such Award has vested and been earned.
 
(h)                                 Other Stock-Based Awards.  The 
Committee is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law, to 
grant to Eligible Persons such other Awards that may be denominated or 
payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based 
on, or related to, Stock, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with 
the purposes of the Plan, including convertible or exchangeable debt 
securities, other rights convertible or exchangeable into Stock, purchase 
rights for Stock, Awards with value and payment contingent upon
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
performance of the Company or any other factors designated by the 
Committee, and Awards valued by reference to the book value of Stock or the 
value of securities of, or the performance of, specified Affiliates of the 
Company.  The Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of such 
Other Stock-Based Awards.  Stock delivered pursuant to an Other-Stock Based 
Award in the nature of a purchase right granted under this Section 6(h) 
shall be purchased for such consideration, paid for at such times, by such 
methods, and in such forms, including cash, Stock, other Awards, or other 
property, as the Committee shall determine.
 
(i)                                     Cash Awards.  The Committee is 
authorized to grant Cash Awards, on a free-standing basis or as an element 
of, a supplement to, or in lieu of any other Award under the Plan to 
Eligible Persons in such amounts and subject to such other terms as the 
Committee in its discretion determines to be appropriate.
 
(j)                                    Substitute Awards; No Repricing.  
Awards may be granted in substitution or exchange for any other Award 
granted under the Plan or under another plan of the Company or an Affiliate 
or any other right of an Eligible Person to receive payment from the 
Company or an Affiliate.  Awards may also be granted under the Plan in 
substitution for awards held by individuals who become Eligible Persons as 
a result of a merger, consolidation or acquisition of another entity or the 
assets of another entity by or with the Company or an Affiliate.  Such 
Substitute Awards referred to in the immediately preceding sentence that 
are Options or SARs may have an exercise price that is less than the Fair 
Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of the substitution if such 
substitution complies with the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Rules and 
other applicable laws and exchange rules.  Except as provided in this 
Section 6(j) or in Section 8, without the approval of the stockholders of 
the Company, the terms of outstanding Awards may not be amended to (i) 
reduce the Exercise Price or grant price of an outstanding Option or SAR, 
(ii) grant a new Option, SAR or other Award in substitution for, or upon 
the cancellation of, any previously granted Option or SAR that has the 
effect of reducing the Exercise Price or grant price thereof, (iii) 
exchange any Option or SAR for Stock, cash or other consideration when the 
Exercise Price or grant price per share of Stock under such Option or SAR 
exceeds the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock or (iv) take any other 
action that would be considered a repricing of an Option or SAR under the 
applicable listing standards of the national securities exchange on which 
the Stock is listed (if any).
 
(k)                                 Performance Awards. The Committee is 
authorized to designate any of the Awards granted under the foregoing 
provisions of this Section 6 as Performance Awards.  The Committee may use 
such business criteria and other measures of performance as it may deem 
appropriate in establishing any performance goals applicable to a 
Performance Award, and, unless provided otherwise within an Award 
Agreement, may exercise its discretion to reduce or increase the amounts 
payable under any Performance Award.  Performance goals may differ among 
Performance Awards granted to any one Participant or to different 
Participants.  The performance period applicable to any Performance Award 
shall be set by the Committee in its discretion but shall not exceed ten 
years.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
7.                                      Certain Provisions Applicable to 
Awards.
 
(a)                                 Limit on Transfer of Awards.
 
(i)                                     Except as provided in Sections 
7(a)(iii) and (iv), each Option and SAR shall be exercisable only by the 
Participant during the Participants lifetime, or by the person to whom the 
Participants rights shall pass by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7(a)
, an ISO shall not be transferable other than by will or the laws of 
descent and distribution.
 
(ii)                                  Except as provided in Sections 
7(a)(i), (iii) and (iv), no Award, other than a Stock Award, and no right 
under any such Award, may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold 
or otherwise transferred or encumbered by a Participant and any such 
purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or 
encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any 
Affiliate.
 
(iii)                               To the extent specifically provided by 
the Committee, an Award may be transferred by a Participant without 
consideration to immediate family members or related family trusts, limited 
partnerships or similar entities or on such terms and conditions as the 
Committee may from time to time establish.
 
(iv)                              An Award may be transferred pursuant to a 
domestic relations order entered or approved by a court of competent 
jurisdiction upon delivery to the Company of a written request for such 
transfer and a certified copy of such order.
 
(b)                                 Form and Timing of Payment under 
Awards; Deferrals.  Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable 
Award Agreement, payments to be made by the Company or any of its 
Affiliates upon the exercise or settlement of an Award may be made in such 
forms as the Committee shall determine in its discretion, including cash, 
Stock, other Awards or other property, and may be made in a single payment 
or transfer, in installments, or on a deferred basis (which may be required 
by the Committee or permitted at the election of the Participant on terms 
and conditions established by the Committee); provided, however, that any 
such deferred or installment payments will be set forth in the Award 
Agreement.  Payments may include, without limitation, provisions for the 
payment or crediting of reasonable interest on installment or deferred 
payments or the grant or crediting of Dividend Equivalents or other amounts 
in respect of installment or deferred payments denominated in Stock.
 
(c)                                  Evidencing Stock. The Stock or other 
securities of the Company delivered pursuant to an Award may be evidenced 
in any manner deemed appropriate by the Committee in its sole discretion, 
including in the form of a certificate issued in the name of the 
Participant or by book entry, electronic or otherwise, and shall be subject 
to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may 
deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations, and other 
requirements of the SEC, any stock exchange upon which such Stock or other 
securities are then listed, and any applicable federal, state or other 
laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be inscribed on 
any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.  
Further, if certificates representing Restricted Stock are registered in 
the name of the Participant, the Company may retain physical possession of 
the certificates and may require that the Participant deliver a stock power 
to the Company, endorsed in blank, related to the Restricted Stock.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d)                                 Consideration for Grants. Awards may be 
granted for such consideration, including services, as the Committee shall 
determine, but shall not be granted for less than the minimum lawful 
consideration.
 
(e)                                  Additional Agreements.  Each Eligible 
Person to whom an Award is granted under the Plan may be required to agree 
in writing, as a condition to the grant of such Award or otherwise, to 
subject an Award that is exercised or settled following such Eligible 
Persons termination of employment or service to a general release of 
claims and/or a noncompetition or other restricted covenant agreement in 
favor of the Company and its Affiliates, with the terms and conditions of 
such agreement(s) to be determined in good faith by the Committee.
 
8.                                      Subdivision or Consolidation; 
Recapitalization; Change in Control; Reorganization.
 
(a)                                 Existence of Plans and Awards.  The 
existence of the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect in 
any way the right or power of the Company, the Board or the stockholders of 
the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, 
reorganization or other change in the Companys capital structure or its 
business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of debt or 
equity securities ahead of or affecting Stock or the rights thereof, the 
dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any sale, lease, exchange or 
other disposition of all or any part of its assets or business or any other 
corporate act or proceeding.
 
(b)                                 Additional Issuances.  Except as 
expressly provided herein, the issuance by the Company of shares of stock 
of any class, including upon conversion of shares or obligations of the 
Company convertible into such shares or other securities, and in any case 
whether or not for fair value, shall not affect, and no adjustment by 
reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number of shares of Stock 
subject to Awards theretofore granted or the purchase price per share of 
Stock, if applicable.
 
(c)                                  Subdivision or Consolidation of Shares
.  The terms of an Award and the share limitations under the Plan shall be 
subject to adjustment by the Committee from time to time, in accordance 
with the following provisions:
 
(i)                                     If at any time, or from time to 
time, the Company shall subdivide as a whole (by reclassification, by a 
Stock split, by the issuance of a distribution on Stock payable in Stock, 
or otherwise) the number of shares of Stock then outstanding into a greater 
number of shares of Stock or in the event the Company distributes an 
extraordinary cash dividend, then, as appropriate (A) the maximum number of 
shares of Stock available for delivery with respect to Awards and 
applicable limitations with respect to Awards provided in Section 4 and 
Section 5 (other than cash limits) shall be increased proportionately, and 
the kind of shares or other securities available for the Plan shall be 
appropriately adjusted, (B) the number of shares of Stock (or other kind of 
shares or securities) that may be acquired under any then outstanding Award 
shall be increased proportionately, and (C) the price (including the 
Exercise Price or grant price) for each share of Stock (or other kind of 
shares or securities) subject to then outstanding Awards shall be reduced 
proportionately, without changing the aggregate purchase price or value
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
as to which outstanding Awards remain exercisable or subject to 
restrictions; provided, however, that in the case of an extraordinary cash 
dividend that is not an Adjustment Event (defined below), the adjustment to 
the number of shares of Stock and the Exercise Price or grant price, as 
applicable, with respect to an outstanding Option or SAR may be made in 
such other manner as the Committee may determine that is permitted pursuant 
to applicable tax and other laws, rules and regulations.
 
(ii)                                  If at any time, or from time to time, 
the Company shall consolidate as a whole (by reclassification, by reverse 
Stock split, or otherwise) the number of shares of Stock then outstanding 
into a lesser number of shares of Stock, then, as appropriate (A) the 
maximum number of shares of Stock available for delivery with respect to 
Awards and applicable limitations with respect to Awards provided in 
Section 4 and Section 5 (other than cash limits) shall be decreased 
proportionately, and the kind of shares or other securities available for 
the Plan shall be appropriately adjusted, (B) the number of shares of Stock 
(or other kind of shares or securities) that may be acquired under any then 
outstanding Award shall be decreased proportionately, and (C) the price 
(including the Exercise Price or grant price) for each share of Stock (or 
other kind of shares or securities) subject to then outstanding Awards 
shall be increased proportionately, without changing the aggregate purchase 
price or value as to which outstanding Awards remain exercisable or subject 
to restrictions.
 
(d)                                 Recapitalization.  In the event of any 
change in the capital structure or business of the Company or other 
corporate transaction or event that would be considered an equity 
restructuring within the meaning of ASC Topic 718 and, in each case, that 
would result in an additional compensation expense to the Company pursuant 
to the provisions of ASC Topic 718, if adjustments to Awards with respect 
to such event were discretionary or otherwise not required (each such an 
event, an Adjustment Event), then the Committee shall equitably adjust 
(i) the aggregate number or kind of shares that thereafter may be delivered 
under the Plan, (ii) the number or kind of shares or other property 
(including cash) subject to an Award, (iii) the terms and conditions of 
Awards, including the purchase price or Exercise Price of Awards and 
performance goals, as applicable, and (iv) the applicable limitations with 
respect to Awards provided in Section 4 and Section 5 (other than cash 
limits) to equitably reflect such Adjustment Event (Equitable Adjustments
).  In the event of any change in the capital structure or business of the 
Company or other corporate transaction or event that would not be 
considered an Adjustment Event, and is not otherwise addressed in this 
Section 8, the Committee shall have complete discretion to make Equitable 
Adjustments (if any) in such manner as it deems appropriate with respect to 
such other event.
 
(e)                                  Change in Control and Other Events.  
Except to the extent otherwise provided in any applicable Award Agreement, 
vesting of any Award shall not occur solely upon the occurrence of a Change 
in Control and, in the event of a Change in Control or other changes in the 
Company or the outstanding Stock by reason of a recapitalization, 
reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, exchange or other 
relevant change occurring after the date of the grant of any Award, the 
Committee, acting in its sole discretion without the consent or approval of 
any holder, may exercise any power enumerated in Section 3 (including the 
power to accelerate vesting, waive any forfeiture conditions or otherwise 
modify or adjust any other condition or limitation regarding an Award) and 
may also effect one or more of the following
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
alternatives, which may vary among individual holders and which may vary 
among Awards held by any individual holder:
 
    (i) accelerate the time of exercisability of an Award so that such
    Award may be exercised in full or in part for a limited period of time
    on or before a date specified by the Committee, after which specified
    date all unexercised Awards and all rights of holders thereunder shall
    terminate;
 
    (ii) redeem in whole or in part outstanding Awards by requiring the
    mandatory surrender to the Company by selected holders of some or all
    of the outstanding Awards held by such holders (irrespective of whether
    such Awards are then vested or exercisable) as of a date, specified by
    the Committee, in which event the Committee shall thereupon cancel such
    Awards and pay to each holder an amount of cash or other consideration
    per Award (other than a Dividend Equivalent or Cash Award, which the
    Committee may separately require to be surrendered in exchange for cash
    or other consideration determined by the Committee in its discretion)
    equal to the Change in Control Price, less the Exercise Price with
    respect to an Option and less the grant price with respect to a SAR, as
    applicable to such Awards; provided, however, that to the extent the
    Exercise Price of an Option or the grant price of an SAR exceeds the
    Change in Control Price, such Award may be cancelled for no
    consideration;
 
    (iii) cancel Awards that remain subject to a restricted period as of
    the date of a Change in Control or other such event without payment of
    any consideration to the Participant for such Awards; or
 
    (iv) make such adjustments to Awards then outstanding as the Committee
    deems appropriate to reflect such Change in Control or other such event
    (including the substitution, assumption, or continuation of Awards by
    the successor company or a parent or subsidiary thereof);
 
provided, however, that so long as the event is not an Adjustment Event, 
the Committee may determine in its sole discretion that no adjustment is 
necessary to Awards then outstanding.  If an Adjustment Event occurs, this 
Section 8(e) shall only apply to the extent it is not in conflict with 
Section 8(d).
 
9.                                      General Provisions.
 
(a)                                 Tax Withholding.  The Company and any 
of its Affiliates are authorized to withhold from any Award granted, or any 
payment relating to an Award, including from a distribution of Stock, taxes 
due or potentially payable in connection with any transaction involving an 
Award, and to take such other action as the Committee may deem advisable to 
enable the Company, its Affiliates and Participants to satisfy the payment 
of withholding taxes and other tax obligations relating to any Award in 
such amounts as may be determined by the Committee.  The Committee shall 
determine, in its sole discretion, the form of payment acceptable for such 
tax withholding obligations, including the delivery of cash or cash 
equivalents, Stock (including previously owned shares, net settlement, a 
broker-assisted sale, or other cashless withholding or reduction of the 
amount of shares otherwise issuable or delivered
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
pursuant to the Award), other property, or any other legal consideration 
the Committee deems appropriate.  Any determination made by the Committee 
to allow a Participant who is subject to Rule 16b-3 to pay taxes with 
shares of Stock through net settlement or previously owned shares shall be 
approved by either a committee made up of solely two or more Qualified 
Members or the full Board.  If such tax withholding amounts are satisfied 
through net settlement or previously owned shares, the maximum number of 
shares of Stock that may be so withheld or surrendered shall be the number 
of shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of 
withholding or surrender equal to the aggregate amount of such tax 
liabilities determined based on the greatest withholding rates for federal, 
state, foreign and/or local tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that may 
be utilized without creating adverse accounting treatment for the Company 
with respect to such Award, as determined by the Committee.
 
(b)                                 Limitation on Rights Conferred under 
Plan.  Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed 
as (i) giving any Eligible Person or Participant the right to continue as 
an Eligible Person or Participant or in the employ or service of the 
Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) interfering in any way with the 
right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to terminate any Eligible 
Persons or Participants employment or service relationship at any time, 
(iii) giving an Eligible Person or Participant any claim to be granted any 
Award under the Plan or to be treated uniformly with other Participants 
and/or employees and/or other service providers, or (iv) conferring on a 
Participant any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company unless and 
until the Participant is duly issued or transferred shares of Stock in 
accordance with the terms of an Award.
 
(c)                                  Governing Law; Submission to 
Jurisdiction.  All questions arising with respect to the provisions of the 
Plan and Awards shall be determined by application of the laws of the State 
of Delaware, without giving effect to any conflict of law provisions 
thereof, except to the extent Delaware law is preempted by federal law.  
The obligation of the Company to sell and deliver Stock hereunder is 
subject to applicable federal and state laws and to the approval of any 
governmental authority required in connection with the authorization, 
issuance, sale, or delivery of such Stock.  With respect to any claim or 
dispute related to or arising under the Plan, the Company and each 
Participant who accepts an Award hereby consent to the exclusive 
jurisdiction, forum and venue of the state and federal courts located in 
Delaware.
 
(d)                                 Severability and Reformation.  If any 
provision of the Plan or any Award is or becomes or is deemed to be 
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any person 
or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed 
applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed 
amended to conform to the applicable law or, if it cannot be construed or 
deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially 
altering the intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall be 
stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or Award and the remainder of the 
Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and effect. If any of 
the terms or provisions of the Plan or any Award Agreement conflict with 
the requirements of Rule 16b-3 (as those terms or provisions are applied to 
Eligible Persons who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act) or 
Section 422 of the Code (with respect to ISOs), then those conflicting 
terms or provisions shall be deemed inoperative to the extent they so 
conflict with the requirements of Rule 16b-3 (unless the Board or the 
Committee, as appropriate, has expressly determined that the Plan or such 
Award should not comply with Rule 16b-3) or Section 422 of the Code, in 
each case, only to the extent Rule
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
16b-3 and such sections of the Code are applicable.  With respect to ISOs, 
if the Plan does not contain any provision required to be included herein 
under Section 422 of the Code, that provision shall be deemed to be 
incorporated herein with the same force and effect as if that provision had 
been set out at length herein; provided, further, that, to the extent any 
Option that is intended to qualify as an ISO cannot so qualify, that Option 
(to that extent) shall be deemed a Nonstatutory Option for all purposes of 
the Plan.
 
(e)                                  Unfunded Status of Awards; No Trust or 
Fund Created.  The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for 
certain incentive awards. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be 
construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary 
relationship between the Company or any Affiliate and a Participant or any 
other person.  To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive 
payments from the Company or any Affiliate pursuant to an Award, such right 
shall be no greater than the right of any general unsecured creditor of the 
Company or such Affiliate.
 
(f)                                   Nonexclusivity of the Plan.  Neither 
the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor its submission to the 
stockholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any 
limitations on the power of the Board or a committee thereof to adopt such 
other incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable.  Nothing contained 
in the Plan shall be construed to prevent the Company or any of its 
Affiliates from taking any corporate action which is deemed by the Company 
or such Affiliate to be appropriate or in its best interest, whether or not 
such action would have an adverse effect on the Plan or any Award made 
under the Plan. No employee, beneficiary or other person shall have any 
claim against the Company or any of its Affiliates as a result of any such 
action.
 
(g)                                  Fractional Shares.  No fractional 
shares of Stock shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any 
Award, and the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion whether 
cash, other securities, or other property shall be paid or transferred in 
lieu of any fractional shares of Stock or whether such fractional shares of 
Stock or any rights thereto shall be cancelled, terminated, or otherwise 
eliminated with or without consideration.
 
(h)                                 Interpretation.  Headings are given to 
the Sections and subsections of the Plan solely as a convenience to 
facilitate reference.  Such headings shall not be deemed in any way 
material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of the Plan or 
any provision thereof. Words in the masculine gender shall include the 
feminine gender, and, where appropriate, the plural shall include the 
singular and the singular shall include the plural. In the event of any 
conflict between the terms and conditions of an Award Agreement and the 
Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. The use herein of the word 
including following any general statement, term or matter shall not be 
construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or 
matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or 
matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without 
limitation, but not limited to, or words of similar import) is used with 
reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items 
or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of 
such general statement, term or matter.  References herein to any 
agreement, instrument or other document means such agreement, instrument or 
other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time to 
the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and not prohibited by the 
Plan.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)                                     Facility of Payment.  Any amounts 
payable hereunder to any individual under legal disability or who, in the 
judgment of the Committee, is unable to manage properly his financial 
affairs, may be paid to the legal representative of such individual, or may 
be applied for the benefit of such individual in any manner that the 
Committee may select, and the Company shall be relieved of any further 
liability for payment of such amounts.
 
(j)                                    Conditions to Delivery of Stock.  
Nothing herein or in any Award Agreement shall require the Company to issue 
any shares with respect to any Award if that issuance would, in the opinion 
of counsel for the Company, constitute a violation of the Securities Act, 
any other applicable statute or regulation, or the rules of any applicable 
securities exchange or securities association, as then in effect.  In 
addition, each Participant who receives an Award under the Plan shall not 
sell or otherwise dispose of Stock that is acquired upon grant, exercise or 
vesting of an Award in any manner that would constitute a violation of any 
applicable federal or state securities laws, the Plan or the rules, 
regulations or other requirements of the SEC or any stock exchange upon 
which the Stock is then listed.  At the time of any exercise of an Option 
or SAR, or at the time of any grant of any other Award, the Company may, as 
a condition precedent to the exercise of such Option or SAR or settlement 
of any other Award, require from the Participant (or in the event of his or 
her death, his or her legal representatives, heirs, legatees, or 
distributees) such written representations, if any, concerning the holders 
intentions with regard to the retention or disposition of the shares of 
Stock being acquired pursuant to the Award and such written covenants and 
agreements, if any, as to the manner of disposal of such shares as, in the 
opinion of counsel to the Company, may be necessary to ensure that any 
disposition by that holder (or in the event of the holders death, his or 
her legal representatives, heirs, legatees, or distributees) will not 
involve a violation of the Securities Act, any other applicable state or 
federal statute or regulation, or any rule of any applicable securities 
exchange or securities association, as then in effect.  Stock or other 
securities shall not be delivered pursuant to any Award until payment in 
full of any amount required to be paid pursuant to the Plan or the 
applicable Award Agreement (including any Exercise Price, grant price, or 
tax withholding) is received by the Company.
 
(k)                                 Section 409A of the Code.  It is the 
general intention, but not the obligation, of the Committee to design 
Awards to comply with or to be exempt from the Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Rules, and Awards will be operated and construed accordingly. 
Neither this Section 9(k) nor any other provision of the Plan is or 
contains a representation to any Participant regarding the tax consequences 
of the grant, vesting, exercise, settlement, or sale of any Award (or the 
Stock underlying such Award) granted hereunder, and should not be 
interpreted as such.  In no event shall the Company be liable for all or 
any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be 
incurred by the Participant on account of non-compliance with the 
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Rules.  Notwithstanding any provision in 
the Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, in the event that a 
specified employee (as defined under the Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Rules) becomes entitled to a payment under an Award that would 
be subject to additional taxes and interest under the Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Rules if the Participants receipt of such payment or benefits 
is not delayed until the earlier of (i) the date of the Participants 
death, or (ii) the date that is six months after the Participants 
separation from service, as defined under the Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Rules (such date, the Section 409A Payment Date), then such 
payment or benefit shall not be provided to the Participant until the 
Section 409A Payment
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Date.  Any amounts subject to the preceding sentence that would otherwise 
be payable prior to the Section 409A Payment Date will be aggregated and 
paid in a lump sum without interest on the Section 409A Payment Date.  The 
applicable provisions of the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Rules are 
hereby incorporated by reference and shall control over any Plan or Award 
Agreement provision in conflict therewith.
 
(l)                                     Clawback.  The Plan and all Awards 
granted hereunder are subject to any written clawback policies that the 
Company, with the approval of the Board or an authorized committee thereof, 
may adopt either prior to or following the Effective Date, including any 
policy adopted to conform to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act of 2010 and rules promulgated thereunder by the SEC and that 
the Company determines should apply to Awards.  Any such policy may subject 
a Participants Awards and amounts paid or realized with respect to Awards 
to reduction, cancelation, forfeiture or recoupment if certain specified 
events or wrongful conduct occur, including an accounting restatement due 
to the Companys material noncompliance with financial reporting 
regulations or other events or wrongful conduct specified in any such 
clawback policy.
 
(m)                             Status under ERISA.  The Plan shall not 
constitute an employee benefit plan for purposes of Section 3(3) of the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
 
(n)                                 Plan Effective Date and Term.  The Plan 
was adopted by the Board to be effective on the Effective Date. No Awards 
may be granted under the Plan on and after the tenth anniversary of the 
Effective Date, which is February 7, 2028. However, any Award granted prior 
to such termination (or any earlier termination pursuant to Section 10), 
and the authority of the Board or Committee to amend, alter, adjust, 
suspend, discontinue, or terminate any such Award or to waive any 
conditions or rights under such Award in accordance with the terms of the 
Plan, shall extend beyond such termination until the final disposition of 
such Award.
 
10.                               Amendments to the Plan and Awards.  The 
Committee may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate any Award or 
Award Agreement, the Plan or the Committees authority to grant Awards 
without the consent of stockholders or Participants, except that any 
amendment or alteration to the Plan, including any increase in any share 
limitation, shall be subject to the approval of the Companys stockholders 
not later than the annual meeting next following such Committee action if 
such stockholder approval is required by any federal or state law or 
regulation or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system 
on which the Stock may then be listed or quoted, and the Committee may 
otherwise, in its discretion, determine to submit other changes to the Plan 
to stockholders for approval; provided, that, without the consent of an 
affected Participant, no such Committee action may materially and adversely 
affect the rights of such Participant under any previously granted and 
outstanding Award.  For purposes of clarity, any adjustments made to Awards 
pursuant to Section 8 will be deemed not to materially and adversely affect 
the rights of any Participant under any previously granted and outstanding 
Award and therefore may be made without the consent of affected 
Participants.
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------