 EX-10.5 14 a2234511zex-10_5.htm EX-10.5
Exhibit 10.5
 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
780 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017
 
[    ], 2018
 
Deerfield/RAB Ventures, LLC
780 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017
 
Re: Administrative Services Agreement
 
Gentlemen:
 
This letter will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the date the 
securities of DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp. (the Company) are first 
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Listing Date), pursuant to a 
Registration Statement on Form S-1 and prospectus filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement) and continuing until 
the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business 
combination or the Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the 
Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the 
Termination Date), Deerfield/RAB Ventures, LLC (the Sponsor) shall make 
available to the Company, at 780 Third Avenue, New York, NY 10017 (or any 
successor location), certain office space, utilities, and general office, 
receptionist and secretarial support as may be reasonably required by the 
Company.  In exchange therefor, the Company shall pay the Sponsor the sum 
of $10,000 per month on the Listing Date and continuing monthly thereafter 
and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses until 
the Termination Date.
 
The Sponsor hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, 
causes of action and claims of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to, and any 
and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust 
account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the 
Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Companys 
initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account), and hereby 
irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or 
arising out of, this agreement, which Claim would reduce, encumber or 
otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account or any monies or other assets 
in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, 
reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust 
Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason 
whatsoever.
 
This letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of 
the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all 
prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the 
parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to 
the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
This letter agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any 
particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all 
parties hereto.
 
No party hereto may assign either this letter agreement or any of its 
rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written 
approval of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this 
paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer 
or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.
 
This letter agreement, the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and 
any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, 
statute, law or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, 
and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without 
giving effect to its choice of laws principles.
 
[Signature page follows]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
Very truly yours,
 
DFB HEALTHCARE ACQUISITIONS CORP.
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Richard Barasch
 
 
Title: Chief Executive Officer
 
 AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY:
 
  
 
 DEERFIELD/RAB VENTURES, LLC
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Richard Barasch
 
 
Title: Manager
 
 
[Signature Page to Administrative Services Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

