 EX-10.32 7 a2234485zex-10_32.htm EX-10.32
Exhibit 10.32
 
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered 
into effective as of February [·], 2018, by and among Avinger, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (the Company), and CRG Partners III L.P., CRG 
Partners III - Parallel Fund A L.P., CRG Partners III  Parallel Fund B
 (Cayman) L.P. and CRG Partners III (Cayman) L.P. (together, CRG or the 
Purchasers, with each of the purchasing entities, a Purchaser).
 
RECITALS:
 
WHEREAS, the Company (in consideration for the conversion and modification 
of certain of its outstanding debt) has offered and sold in compliance with 
Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act to accredited 
investors in a private placement offering  (the Offering) shares of 
Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the 
Shares), pursuant to that certain Series A Preferred Stock Purchase 
Agreement of even date herewith (the Purchase Agreement) entered into by 
and among the Company and the Purchasers; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to enter into a registration rights 
agreement with each of the Purchasers;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, representations, 
warranties, covenants, and conditions set forth herein, the parties 
mutually agree as follows:
 
1.                                      Definitions. As used in this 
Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective 
meanings:
 
Approved Market means the Nasdaq Stock Market, the New York Stock 
Exchange or the NYSE MKT.
 
Business Day means any day of the year, other than a Saturday, Sunday, or 
other day on which banks in the State of New York are required or 
authorized to close.
 
Commission means the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
other federal agency at the time administering the Securities Act.
 
Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the 
Company and any and all shares of capital stock or other equity securities 
of: (i) the Company which are added to or exchanged or substituted for the 
Common Stock by reason of the declaration of any stock dividend or stock 
split, the issuance of any distribution or the reclassification, 
readjustment, recapitalization or other such modification of the capital 
structure of the Company; and (ii) any other corporation, now or hereafter 
organized under the laws of any state or other governmental authority, with 
which the Company is merged, which results from any consolidation or 
reorganization to which the Company is a party, or to which is sold all or 
substantially all of the shares or assets of the Company, if immediately 
after such merger, consolidation, reorganization or sale, the Company or 
the stockholders of the Company own equity securities having in the 
aggregate more than 50% of the total voting power of such other 
corporation.
 
Demand Registration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) 
hereof.
 
Effective Date means the date of the final closing of the Offering.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) 
hereof.
 
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.
 
Family Member means (a) with respect to any individual, such individuals 
spouse, any descendants (whether natural or adopted), any trust all of the 
beneficial interests of which are owned by any of such individuals or by 
any of such individuals together with any organization described in Section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the estate of 
any such individual, and any corporation, association, partnership or 
limited liability company all of the equity interests of which are owned by 
those above described individuals, trusts or organizations and (b) with 
respect to any trust, the owners of the beneficial interests of such trust.
 
Holder means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time 
of Registrable Securities and any Permitted Assignees who acquire rights in 
accordance with this Agreement with respect to any Registrable Securities.
 
Majority Holders means, at any time, Holders of a majority of the 
Registrable Securities then outstanding.
 
Permitted Assignee means (a) with respect to a partnership, its partners 
or former partners in accordance with their partnership interests, (b) with 
respect to a corporation, its stockholders in accordance with their 
interest in the corporation, (c) with respect to a limited liability 
company, its members or former members in accordance with their interest in 
the limited liability company, (d) with respect to an individual party, any 
Family Member of such party, (e) an entity that is controlled by, controls, 
or is under common control with a transferor, or (f) a party to this 
Agreement.
 
Piggyback Registration means, in any registration of Common Stock 
referenced in Section 3(b), the right of each Holder to include the 
Registrable Securities of such Holder in such registration.
 
Preferred Stock means the shares of the Companys Series A Convertible 
Preferred Stock issued to the Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase 
Agreement.
 
The terms register, registered, and registration refer to a 
registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement in 
compliance with the Securities Act, and the declaration or ordering of the 
effectiveness of such registration statement by the Commission.
 
Registrable Securities means (a) the shares of Common Stock issued or 
issuable upon conversion of any of the Shares, and (b) any shares of Common 
Stock issued or issuable with respect to any shares described in subsection 
(a) above by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in exchange for or 
upon conversion of such shares or otherwise in connection with a 
combination of shares, distribution, recapitalization, merger, 
consolidation, other reorganization or other similar event with respect to 
the Common Stock; provided, however, that any such Registrable Securities 
shall cease to be Registrable Securities on the date that is two (2) years 
from the date the Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such 
Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the 
Securities Act or such shorter period ending on the earlier of the date on 
which (i) such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holder 
in accordance with such Registration Statement, or (ii) all Registrable 
Securities held by such Holder may be sold under Rule 144 without 
restriction (including, without limitation, volume restrictions and 
manner-of-sale) and without the need for current public information 
required by Rule 144(c)(1).
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Registration Statement means any registration statement of the Company, 
including the prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration 
statement, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits and all 
material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.
 
Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission under the 
Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any similar successor rule that may be promulgated by the 
Commission.
 
Rule 145 means Rule 145 promulgated by the Commission under the 
Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any similar successor rule that may be promulgated by the 
Commission.
 
Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission under the 
Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any similar successor rule that may be promulgated by the 
Commission.
 
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any 
similar federal statute promulgated in replacement thereof, and the rules 
and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in 
effect at the time.
 
SEC Effective Date means the date the Registration Statement is declared 
effective by the Commission.
 
Shares means the shares of Preferred Stock set forth in the Recitals.
 
Trading Day means any day on which the Nasdaq Capital Market, or such 
other securities market or quotation system, which at the time constitutes 
the principal securities market for the Common Stock, is open for general 
trading of securities.
 
Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings ascribed 
to them in the Purchase Agreement.
 
2.                                      Term. The registration rights 
provided to the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, and the 
Companys obligation to keep the Registration Statements effective, shall 
terminate on the earlier of (i) the date at which there are no longer any 
Registrable Securities outstanding, or (ii) the Effectiveness Period. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 6, Section 8, and Section 10 shall 
survive the termination of this Agreement.
 
3.                                      Registration.
 
(a)                                 Demand Registration. At any time ninety 
(90) days after the closing of the Offering, the holders of a majority of 
the Registrable Securities then outstanding may request registration under 
the Securities Act of all of the Registrable Securities that are not then 
registered on an existing and effective Registration Statement for an 
offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415, on Form S-3 
or any other form for which the Company then qualifies or which counsel for 
the Company shall deem appropriate and which form shall be available for 
the resale by the Holders of all of the Registrable Securities (each, a 
Demand Registration). Upon receipt of such request, the Company shall 
promptly (but in no event later than twenty (20) calendar days after 
receipt of such request) deliver notice of such request to all other 
holders of Registrable Securities who shall then have ten (10 calendar days 
from the date such notice is given to notify the Company in writing of 
their desire to be included in such registration. The Company shall (i) use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to make the initial filing
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
of the Registration Statement within ninety (90) calendar days after the 
date on which the initial request is given] (ii) use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared 
effective by the Commission as soon as practicable thereafter, and (iii) 
use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep such Registration Statement 
effective until the date on which all securities under such Registration 
Statement have ceased to be Registrable Securities (the Effectiveness 
Period). The Registration Statement filed hereunder shall contain (except 
if otherwise required pursuant to written comments received from the 
Commission upon a review of such Registration Statement) that Plan of 
Distribution in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex A. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the staff (the Staff) of 
the Commission should limit the number of Registrable Securities that may 
be sold pursuant to the Registration Statement, the Company may remove from 
the Registration Statement such number of Registrable Securities as 
specified by the Commission on behalf of all of the holders of Registrable 
Securities on a pro rata basis among the holders thereof. In such event, 
the Company shall give the Purchasers prompt notice of the number of 
Registrable Securities excluded therefrom. The Company shall not be 
required to effect a registration pursuant to Form S-3 (or any other form 
for which the Company then qualifies or which counsel for the Company shall 
deem appropriate and which form shall be available for the resale by the 
Holders of all of the Registrable Securities) more than two (2) times for 
the holders of Registrable Securities as a group.
 
(b)                                 Piggyback Registration. If, after the 
SEC Effective Date, the Company shall determine to register for sale for 
cash any of its Common Stock, for its own account or for the account of 
others (other than the Holders), other than (i) a registration relating 
solely to employee benefit plans or securities issued or issuable to 
employees, consultants (to the extent the securities owned or to be owned 
by such consultants could be registered on Form S-8 (or its then equivalent 
form) or any of their Family Members (including a registration on Form S-8 
(or its then equivalent form)), (ii) a registration relating solely to a 
Securities Act Rule 145 transaction or a registration on Form S-4 (or its 
then equivalent form) in connection with a merger, acquisition, 
divestiture, reorganization or similar event, or (iii) a transaction 
relating solely to the sale of debt or convertible debt instruments, then 
the Company shall promptly give to each Holder written notice thereof (but 
in no event later than twenty (20) calendar days prior to the filing of 
such registration statement), and shall, subject to Section 3(c), include 
as a Piggyback Registration all of the Registrable Securities (including 
any Registrable Securities that are removed from the Registration Statement 
as a result of a requirement by the Staff), specified in a written request 
delivered by the Holder thereof within ten (10) calendar days after 
delivery to the Holder of such written notice from the Company. However, 
the Company may, without the consent of such Holders, withdraw such 
registration statement prior to its becoming effective if the Company or 
such other selling stockholders have elected to abandon the proposal to 
register the securities proposed to be registered thereby.
 
(c)                                  Underwriting. If a Piggyback 
Registration is for a registered public offering that is to be made by an 
underwriting, the Company shall so advise the Holders as part of the notice 
given in connection with the Piggyback Registration. In that event, the 
right of any Holder to Piggyback Registration shall be conditioned upon 
such Holders participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such 
Holders Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided 
herein. All Holders proposing to sell any of their Registrable Securities 
through such underwriting shall (together with the Company and any other 
stockholders of the Company selling their securities through such 
underwriting) enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with 
the underwriter selected for such underwriting by the Company or such other 
selling stockholders, as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Section 3(c), if the underwriter or the Company determines that 
marketing factors require a limitation on the number of shares of Common 
Stock or the amount of other securities to be underwritten, the underwriter 
may exclude some or all Registrable Securities from such registration and 
underwriting. The Company shall so advise all Holders (except those Holders 
who failed to timely elect to include their Registrable Securities through 
such underwriting or have indicated to the Company their
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
decision not to do so), and indicate to each such Holder the number of 
shares of Registrable Securities that may be included in the registration 
and underwriting, if any. The number of shares of Registrable Securities to 
be included in such registration and underwriting shall be allocated among 
such Holders as follows:
 
    (i)                                     If the Piggyback Registration
    was initiated by the Company, the number of shares that may be included
    in the registration and underwriting shall be allocated first to the
    Company and then, subject to obligations and commitments existing as of
    the date hereof, to all Holders exercising piggyback registration
    rights who have requested to sell in the registration on a pro rata
    basis according to the number of shares requested to be included
    therein; and
 
    (ii)                                  If the Piggyback Registration was
    initiated by the exercise of demand registration rights by a
    stockholder or stockholders of the Company, then the number of shares
    that may be included in the registration and underwriting shall be
    allocated first to such selling stockholders who exercised such demand
    to the extent of their demand registration rights, subject to
    obligations and commitments existing as of the date hereof, to all
    Holders exercising piggyback registration rights who have requested to
    sell in the registration on a pro rata basis according to the number of
    shares requested to be included therein, and then, subject to
    obligations and commitments existing as of the date hereof, to the
    Company.
 
No Registrable Securities excluded from the underwriting by reason of the 
underwriters marketing limitation shall be included in such registration. 
If any Holder disapproves of the terms of any such underwriting, such 
Holder may elect to withdraw such Holders Registrable Securities therefrom 
by delivering a written notice to the Company and the underwriter. The 
Registrable Securities so withdrawn from such underwriting shall also be 
withdrawn from such registration; provided, however, that, if by the 
withdrawal of such Registrable Securities, a greater number of Registrable 
Securities held by other Holders may be included in such registration (up 
to the maximum of any limitation imposed by the underwriters), then the 
Company shall offer to all Holders who have included Registrable Securities 
in the registration the right to include additional Registrable Securities 
pursuant to the terms and limitations set forth herein in the same 
proportion used above in determining the underwriter limitation. The 
Company shall select the investment banking firm or firms to act as the 
managing underwriter or underwriters in connection with such offering.
 
(d)                                 Other Registrations. Until the 
Registration Statement required hereunder is declared effective by the 
Commission, the Company shall not take any action to facilitate 
registration under the Securities Act or enter into any agreement granting 
any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any person 
without the written consent of Holders representing no less than a majority 
of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary, this Section 3(d) shall not apply to any registration rights 
granted pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement dated November 3, 
2017 between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC.
 
4.                                      Registration Procedures. The 
Company will keep each Holder reasonably advised as to the filing and 
effectiveness of the Registration Statement. At its expense with respect to 
the Registration Statement, the Company will:
 
(a)                                 prepare and file with the Commission 
with respect to the Registrable Securities, a Registration Statement in 
accordance with Section 3 hereof, and use its commercially reasonable 
efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and to 
remain effective for the Effectiveness Period;
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 if the Registration Statement is 
subject to review by the Commission, promptly respond to all comments and 
diligently pursue resolution of any comments to the satisfaction of the 
Commission;
 
(c)                                  prepare and file with the Commission 
such amendments and supplements to such Registration Statement as may be 
necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective during the 
Effectiveness Period;
 
(d)                                 prior to filing a Registration 
Statement or any related prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, 
the Company shall provide notice of such filing to any Holder that is 
directly referenced in or affected by such filing and duly consider any 
comments received by such Holder regarding the portion of the filing 
directly relating to such Holder;
 
(e)                                  furnish, without charge, to each 
Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) 
a reasonable number of copies of such Registration Statement (including any 
exhibits thereto other than exhibits incorporated by reference), each 
amendment and supplement thereto as such Holder may reasonably request, 
(ii) such number of copies of the prospectus included in such Registration 
Statement (including each preliminary prospectus and any other prospectus 
filed under Rule 424 of the Securities Act) as such Holders may reasonably 
request, in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, and 
(iii) such other documents as such Holder may reasonably require to 
consummate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such 
Holder, but only during the Effectiveness Period;
 
(f)                                   use its commercially reasonable 
efforts to register or qualify such registration under such other 
applicable securities laws of such jurisdictions within the United States 
as any Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration 
Statement reasonably requests and as may be necessary for the marketability 
of the Registrable Securities (such request to be made by the time the 
applicable Registration Statement is deemed effective by the Commission) 
and do any and all other acts and things necessary to enable such Holder to 
consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable 
Securities owned by such Holder; provided, that the Company shall not be 
required to (i) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where 
it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph, (ii) 
subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (iii) consent to 
general service of process in any such jurisdiction other than to the 
extent relating to the registration or sale of securities in such 
jurisdiction;
 
(g)                                  as promptly as practicable after 
becoming aware of such event, notify each Holder of Registrable Securities, 
the disposition of which requires delivery of a prospectus relating thereto 
under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event, which comes to the 
Companys attention, that will after the occurrence of such event cause the 
prospectus included in such Registration Statement, if not amended or 
supplemented, to contain an untrue statement of a material fact or an 
omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and the Company 
shall promptly thereafter prepare and furnish to such Holder a supplement 
or amendment to such prospectus (or prepare and file appropriate reports 
under the Exchange Act) so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers 
of such Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not contain an untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to 
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading, unless suspension of the use of such prospectus otherwise is 
authorized herein;
 
(h)                                 comply, and continue to comply during 
the Effectiveness Period, in all material respects with the Securities Act 
and the Exchange Act and with all applicable rules and regulations of the 
Commission with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by 
such Registration Statement;
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)                                     as promptly as practicable after 
becoming aware of such event, notify each Holder of Registrable Securities 
being offered or sold pursuant to the Registration Statement of the 
issuance by the Commission of any stop order or other suspension of 
effectiveness of the Registration Statement;
 
(j)                                    use its commercially reasonable 
efforts to cause all the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration 
Statement to be listed on the Nasdaq  Capital Market or such other 
principal securities market or quotation system on which securities of the 
same class or series issued by the Company are then listed or traded or 
quoted;
 
(k)                                 provide a transfer agent and registrar, 
which may be a single entity, for the shares of Common Stock at all times 
and cooperate with the Holders to facilitate the timely preparation and 
delivery of the Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee 
pursuant to the Registration Statement (whether electronically or in 
certificated form) which Registrable Securities shall be free, to the 
extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and 
to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and 
registered in such names as any such Holders may request;
 
(l)                                     cooperate with the Holders of 
Registrable Securities being offered pursuant to the Registration Statement 
to issue and deliver, or cause its transfer agent to issue and deliver, 
certificates representing Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to 
the Registration Statement within a reasonable time after the delivery of 
certificates representing the Registrable Securities to the transfer agent 
or the Company, as applicable, and enable such certificates to be in such 
denominations or amounts as the Holders may reasonably request and 
registered in such names as the Holders may request;
 
(m)                             notify the Holders or their counsel as 
promptly as reasonably possible and (if requested by any such person) 
confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following 
the day: (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or 
post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be 
filed; (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a 
no review, review or a completion of a review of such Registration 
Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such 
Registration Statement (in which case the Company shall provide true and 
complete copies thereof and all written responses thereto to each of the 
Holders that pertain to the Holders as a selling stockholder or to the Plan 
of Distribution, but not information which the Company believes would 
constitute material and non-public information); and (C) with respect to 
each Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same 
has been declared effective, provided, however, that such notice under this 
clause (C) shall be delivered to each Holder; (ii) of any request by the 
Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for 
amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or prospectus or for 
additional information that pertains to the Holders as selling stockholders 
or the Plan of Distribution; or (iii) of the receipt by the Company of any 
notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or 
exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale 
in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for 
such purpose;
 
(n)                                 during the Effectiveness Period, 
refrain from bidding for or purchasing any Common Stock or any right to 
purchase Common Stock or attempting to induce any person to purchase any 
such security or right if such bid, purchase or attempt would in any way 
limit the right of the Holders to sell Registrable Securities by reason of 
the limitations set forth in Regulation M of the Exchange Act; and
 
(o)                                 take all other commercially reasonable 
actions necessary to effect the registration of such Registrable Securities 
contemplated by this Agreement.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
5.                                      Obligations of the Holders.
 
(a)                                 Each Holder agrees that, upon receipt 
of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind 
described in Section 4(g) hereof, such Holder shall discontinue the 
disposition of Registrable Securities included in the Registration 
Statement until such Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemented or 
amended prospectus contemplated by Section 4(g) hereof.
 
(b)                                 Each Holder agrees, by acquisition of 
the Registrable Securities, that no Holder shall be entitled to sell any of 
such Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or to 
receive a prospectus relating thereto, unless such Holder has furnished the 
Company with all material information required to be set forth in the 
Selling Securityholder Questionnaire attached to this Agreement as Annex B
. Any sale of any Registrable Securities by any Holder shall constitute a 
representation and warranty by such Holder pursuant to a Registration 
Statement that such prospectus does not as of the time of such sale contain 
any untrue statement of a material fact regarding such Holder or omit to 
state any material fact regarding such Holder necessary to make the 
statements in such prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under 
which they were made, not misleading, solely to the extent such facts are 
based upon, and in conformity with, the information regarding such Holder 
furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use in 
such prospectus.
 
(c)                                  Each Holder, by its acceptance of the 
Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably 
requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of 
any Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Holder has notified the 
Company in writing of its election to exclude all of its Registrable 
Securities from such Registration Statement.
 
6.                                      Registration Expenses. The Company 
shall pay all expenses in connection with any registration obligation 
provided herein, including, without limitation, all registration, filing, 
stock exchange fees, printing expenses, all fees and expenses of complying 
with applicable federal and state securities laws, the fees and 
disbursements of counsel for the Company and of the Companys independent 
accountants and reasonable fees and disbursements of a single counsel of 
the Holders, in an amount not to exceed $25,000; provided, that, in any 
underwritten registration, the Company shall have no obligation to pay any 
underwriting discounts, selling commissions or transfer taxes attributable 
to the Registrable Securities being sold by the Holders thereof, which 
underwriting discounts, selling commissions and transfer taxes shall be 
borne by such Holders. Except as provided in Section 8 of this Agreement, 
the Company shall not be responsible for the expenses of any attorney or 
other advisor employed by a Holder.
 
7.                                      Assignment of Rights. No Holder may 
assign its rights under this Agreement to any party without the prior 
written consent of the Company; provided, however, that any Holder may 
assign its rights under this Agreement without such consent (a) to a 
Permitted Assignee as long as (i) such transfer or assignment is effected 
in accordance with applicable securities laws; (ii) such transferee or 
assignee agrees in writing to become bound by and subject to the terms of 
this Agreement; and (iii) such Holder notifies the Company in writing of 
such transfer or assignment, stating the name and address of the transferee 
or assignee and identifying the Registrable Securities with respect to 
which such rights are being transferred or assigned; or (b) as otherwise 
permitted under the Purchase Agreement. The Company may not assign this 
Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written 
consent of the other party hereto (other than by merger or consolidation or 
to an entity which acquires the Company including by way of acquiring all 
or substantially all of the Companys assets).
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
8.                                      Indemnification.
 
(a)                                 In the event of the offer and sale of 
Registrable Securities under the Securities Act, the Company shall, and 
hereby does, indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted 
by law, each Holder, its directors, officers, partners, employees and 
agents, and each other person, if any, who controls or is under common 
control with such Holder within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities 
Act, and the directors, officers, partners, employees and agents of such 
controlling persons (collectively, the Holder Indemnified Parties), from 
and, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, 
and expenses to which the Holder Indemnified Party may become subject under 
the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages, 
liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or 
threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue 
statement of any material fact contained in any registration statement 
prepared and filed by the Company under which Registrable Securities were 
registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus, final 
prospectus or summary prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or 
supplement thereto, or any omission to state therein a material fact 
required to be stated or necessary to make the statements therein in the 
light of the circumstances in which they were made not misleading, and the 
Company shall reimburse the Holder Indemnified Party for any legal or any 
other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with 
investigating, defending or settling any such loss, claim, damage, 
liability, action or proceeding; provided, however, that the Company shall 
not be liable in any such case (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, 
that any such loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or proceeding in 
respect thereof) or expense arises out of or is based upon (x) an untrue 
statement in or omission from such registration statement, any such 
preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, summary prospectus, amendment or 
supplement in reliance upon and in conformity with written information 
furnished by a Holder to the Company expressly for use in the preparation 
thereof or, (y) the failure of a Holder to comply with the covenants and 
agreements contained in Section 5 hereof respecting the sale of Registrable 
Securities; or (ii) if the person asserting any such loss, claim, damage, 
liability (or action or proceeding in respect thereof) who purchased the 
Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof did not receive a copy 
of an amended preliminary prospectus or the final prospectus (or the final 
prospectus as amended or supplemented) at or prior to the written 
confirmation of the sale of such Registrable Securities to such person 
because of the failure of such Holder to so provide such amended 
preliminary or final prospectus and the untrue statement or omission of a 
material fact made in such preliminary prospectus was corrected in the 
amended preliminary or final prospectus (or the final prospectus as amended 
or supplemented). Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect 
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Holder 
Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of such shares by the 
Holder.
 
(b)                                 As a condition to including Registrable 
Securities in any registration statement filed pursuant to this Agreement, 
each Holder agrees to be bound by the terms of this Section 8 and to 
indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the 
Company, each of its directors, officers, partners, and each underwriter, 
if any, and each other person, if any, who controls the Company within the 
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (collectively the Company 
Indemnified Parties), from and against any losses, claims, damages or 
liabilities, joint or several, to which the Company Indemnified Party may 
become subject under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings, whether 
commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon 
any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission of a material fact 
required to be stated in any registration statement, any preliminary 
prospectus, final prospectus, summary prospectus, amendment or supplement 
thereto or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, to the 
extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is 
included or omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written 
information furnished by the Holder to the Company for use in the 
preparation thereof, and such Holder shall reimburse the Company 
Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by 
them in connection with investigating, defending, or settling any such 
loss, claim, damage, liability, action, or proceeding; provided, however, 
that indemnity obligation contained in this Section 8(b) shall in no event 
exceed the
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder as a result of the sale 
of such Holders Registrable Securities pursuant to such registration 
statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect, regardless 
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company Indemnified Party 
and shall survive the transfer by any Holder of such shares.
 
(c)                                  Promptly after receipt by an 
indemnified party of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding 
involving a claim referred to in this Section 8 (including any governmental 
action), such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to 
be made against an indemnifying party, give written notice to the 
indemnifying party of the commencement of such action; provided, that the 
failure of any indemnified party to give notice as provided herein shall 
not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Section, 
except to the extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced by 
such failure to give notice. In case any such action is brought against an 
indemnified party, unless in the reasonable judgment of counsel to such 
indemnified party a conflict of interest between such indemnified and 
indemnifying parties may exist or the indemnified party may have defenses 
not available to the indemnifying party in respect of such claim, the 
indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate in and to assume the 
defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified 
party and, after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified 
party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying 
party shall not be liable to such indemnified party for any legal or other 
expenses subsequently incurred by the latter in connection with the defense 
thereof, unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict 
of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties arises in 
respect of such claim after the assumption of the defenses thereof or the 
indemnifying party fails to defend such claim in a diligent manner, other 
than reasonable costs of investigation. Neither an indemnified nor an 
indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action or 
proceeding effected without its consent. No indemnifying party shall, 
without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to entry of any 
judgment or enter into any settlement, which does not include as an 
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such 
indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect of such claim 
or litigation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, 
and without limiting any of the rights set forth above, in any event any 
party shall have the right to retain, at its own expense, counsel with 
respect to the defense of a claim. Each indemnified party shall furnish 
such information regarding itself or the claim in question as an 
indemnifying party may reasonably request in writing and as shall be 
reasonably required in connection with defense of such claim and litigation 
resulting therefrom.
 
(d)                                 If an indemnifying party does not or is 
not permitted to assume the defense of an action pursuant to Sections 8(c) 
or in the case of the expense reimbursement obligation set forth in 
Sections 8(a) and 8(b), the indemnification required by Sections 8(a) and 
8(b) shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the 
course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or 
expenses, losses, damages, or liabilities are incurred.
 
(e)                                  If the indemnification provided for in 
Section 8(a) or 8(b) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be 
unavailable to an indemnified party with respect to any loss, liability, 
claim, damage or expense referred to herein, the indemnifying party, in 
lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party hereunder, shall contribute to 
the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such 
loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (i) in such proportion as is 
appropriate to reflect the proportionate relative fault of the indemnifying 
party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other (determined by 
reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue 
statement of a material fact or omission relates to information supplied by 
the indemnifying party or the indemnified party and the parties relative 
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or 
prevent such untrue statement or omission), or (ii) if the allocation 
provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law or provides 
a lesser sum to the indemnified party than the amount hereinafter 
calculated, then in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only 
the proportionate relative fault of
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, but also the relative 
benefits received by the indemnifying party on the one hand and the 
indemnified party on the other, as well as any other relevant equitable 
considerations. No indemnified party guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation 
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be 
entitled to contribution from any indemnifying party who was not guilty of 
such fraudulent misrepresentation.
 
(f)                                   Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the 
extent that the provisions on indemnification and contribution contained in 
the underwriting agreement entered into in connection with an underwritten 
public offering are in conflict with the foregoing provisions, the 
provisions in the underwriting agreement shall control.
 
(g)                                  Other Indemnification. Indemnification 
similar to that specified in this Section (with appropriate modifications) 
shall be given by the Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities 
with respect to any required registration or other qualification of 
securities under any federal or state law or regulation or governmental 
authority other than the Securities Act.
 
9.                                      Independent Nature of Each 
Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under 
this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other 
Purchaser, and each Purchaser shall not be responsible in any way for the 
performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under this Agreement. 
Nothing contained herein and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant 
hereto, shall be deemed to constitute such Purchasers as a partnership, an 
association, a joint venture, or any other kind of entity, or create a 
presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a 
group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect 
and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out 
of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to 
be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.
 
10.                               Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States 
of America and the State of New York, both substantive and remedial, 
without regard to New York conflicts of law principles. Any judicial 
proceeding brought against either of the parties to this Agreement or any 
dispute arising out of this Agreement or any matter related hereto shall be 
brought in the courts of the State of New York, New York County, or in the 
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and, by 
its execution and delivery of this Agreement, each party to this Agreement 
accepts the jurisdiction of such courts. The foregoing consent to 
jurisdiction shall not be deemed to confer rights on any person other than 
the parties to this Agreement.
 
(b)                                 Remedies. In the event of a breach by 
the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under 
this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition 
to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this 
Agreement, including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific 
performance of its rights under this Agreement. The Company and each Holder 
agree that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any 
losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of 
this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action 
for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or 
shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.
 
(c)                                  Successors and Assigns. Except as 
otherwise provided herein, the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit 
of, and be binding upon, the successors, Permitted Assignees, executors and 
administrators of the parties hereto.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d)                                 No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company 
has not entered, as of the date hereof, and shall not enter, on or after 
the date of this Agreement, into any agreement with respect to its 
securities that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to 
the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions 
hereof.
 
(e)                                  Entire Agreement. This Agreement and 
the documents, instruments and other agreements specifically referred to 
herein or delivered pursuant hereto constitute the full and entire 
understanding and agreement between the parties with regard to the subjects 
hereof.
 
(f)                                   Notices, etc. All notices, consents, 
waivers, and other communications which are required or permitted under 
this Agreement shall be in writing will be deemed given to a party (a) upon 
receipt, when personally delivered; (b) one (1) Business Day after deposit 
with an nationally recognized overnight courier service with next day 
delivery specified, costs prepaid) on the date of delivery, if delivered to 
the appropriate address by hand or by nationally recognized overnight 
courier service (costs prepaid); (c) the date of transmission if sent by 
facsimile or e-mail with confirmation of transmission by the transmitting 
equipment if such notice or communication is delivered prior to 5:00 P.M., 
New York City time, on a Trading Day, or the next Trading Day after the 
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered on a day 
that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on 
any Trading Day, provided confirmation of facsimile is mechanically or 
electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party and 
confirmation of email is kept on file, whether electronically or otherwise, 
by the sending party and the sending party does not receive an 
automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such 
e-mail could not be delivered to such recipient; (d) the date received or 
rejected by the addressee, if sent by certified mail, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid; or (e) seven days after the placement of the 
notice into the mails (first class postage prepaid), to the party at the 
address, facsimile number, or e-mail address furnished by the such party,
 
If to the Company, to:
 
            Avinger, Inc.
            400 Chesapeake Drive
            Redwood City, CA 94063
            Attention: Chief Executive Officer
            Facsimile: 650-363-2401
            E-mail: jsoinski@avinger.com
 
        with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
            Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.
            650 Page Mill Road
            Palo Alto, CA 94304
            Attention: Philip Oettinger
            Facsimile: 650-461-6811
            Email: poettinger@wsgr.com
 
if to a Purchaser, to:
 
such Purchaser at the address set forth on the signature page hereto;
 
or at such other address as any party shall have furnished to the other 
parties in writing in accordance with this Section 10(f).
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(g)                                  Delays or Omissions. No delay or 
omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any Holder, 
upon any breach or default of the Company under this Agreement, shall 
impair any such right, power or remedy of such Holder nor shall it be 
construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence 
therein, or of any similar breach or default thereunder occurring; nor 
shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any 
other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, 
permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any 
Holder of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the 
part of any Holder of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must 
be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set 
forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement, or by law 
or otherwise afforded to any Holder, shall be cumulative and not 
alternative.
 
(h)                                 Counterparts. This Agreement may be 
executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be enforceable 
against the parties actually executing such counterparts, and all of which 
together shall constitute one instrument. In the event that any signature 
is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e-mail, which contains a 
portable document format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such 
signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party 
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same 
force and effect as if such facsimile or e-mail of a .pdf signature page 
were an original thereof.
 
(i)                                     Severability. In the case any 
provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the 
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not 
in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
 
(j)                                    Amendments. Except as otherwise 
provided herein, the provisions of this Agreement may be amended at any 
time and from time to time, and particular provisions of this Agreement may 
be waived, with and only with an agreement or consent in writing signed by 
the Company and the Majority Holders. The Purchasers acknowledge that by 
the operation of this Section, the Majority Holders may have the right and 
power to diminish or eliminate all rights of the Purchasers under this 
Agreement.
 
[Signature Page to Follow]
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed, or caused to be executed 
on their behalf by an agent there unto duly authorized, this Registration 
Rights Agreement as of the date first above written.
 
 
COMPANY:
 
 
 
AVINGER, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed, or caused to be executed 
on their behalf by an agent there unto duly authorized, this Registration 
Rights Agreement as of the date first above written.
 
 
  CRG:
 
 
 
CRG PARTNERS III L.P.
 
By CRG PARTNERS III GP L.P., its General Partner
 
By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
 
 
By
 
 
Name: Nathan Hukill
 
 
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
1000 Main Street, Suite 2500
 
Houston, TX 77002
 
Attn:
General Counsel
 
Tel.:
713.209.7350
 
Fax:
713.209.7351
 
Email:
adorenbaum@crglp.com
 
 
 
CRG PARTNERS III  PARALLEL FUND A L.P.
 
By CRG PARTNERS III  PARALLEL FUND A GP L.P., its General Partner
 
By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
 
 
By
 
 
Name: Nathan Hukill
 
 
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
1000 Main Street, Suite 2500
 
Houston, TX 77002
 
Attn:
General Counsel
 
Tel.:
713.209.7350
 
Fax:
713.209.7351
 
Email:
adorenbaum@crglp.com
 
[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
CRG PARTNERS III  PARALLEL FUND B (CAYMAN) L.P.
 
By CRG PARTNERS III (CAYMAN) GP L.P., its General Partner
 
By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
 
 
By
 
 
Name: Nathan Hukill
 
 
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
WITNESS:
 
Name:
 
 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
1000 Main Street, Suite 2500
 
Houston, TX 77002
 
Attn:
General Counsel
 
Tel.:
713.209.7350
 
Fax:
713.209.7351
 
Email:
adorenbaum@crglp.com
 
 
 
CRG PARTNERS III (CAYMAN) L.P.
 
By CRG PARTNERS III (CAYMAN) GP L.P., its General Partner
 
By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
 
 
By
 
 
Name: Nathan Hukill
 
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
WITNESS:
 
Name:
 
 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
1000 Main Street, Suite 2500
 
Houston, TX 77002
 
Attn:
General Counsel
 
Tel.:
713.209.7350
 
Fax:
713.209.7351
 
Email:
adorenbaum@crglp.com
 
[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Annex A
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
 
The selling stockholders and any of their pledgees, donees, transferees, 
assignees or other successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell, 
transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of common stock 
or interests in shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or 
trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. 
These dispositions may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at 
the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at 
varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. The 
selling stockholders may use one or more of the following methods when 
disposing of the shares or interests therein:
 
        ·              ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in
        which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;
 
        ·              block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt
        to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion
        of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;
 
        ·              through brokers, dealers or underwriters that may
        act solely as agents;
 
        ·              purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale
        by the broker-dealer for its account;
 
        ·              an exchange distribution in accordance with the
        rules of the applicable exchange;
 
        ·              privately negotiated transactions;
 
        ·              settlement of short sales, to the extent permitted
        by law;
 
        ·              through the writing or settlement of options or
        other hedging transactions entered into after the effective date of
        the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part,
        whether through an options exchange or otherwise;
 
        ·              broker-dealers may agree with the selling
        stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a
        stipulated price per share;
 
        ·              a combination of any such methods of disposition;
        and
 
        ·              any other method permitted pursuant to applicable
        law.
 
The selling stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Securities Act, if available, rather 
than under this prospectus.
 
Broker-dealers engaged by the selling stockholders may arrange for other 
broker-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive 
commissions or discounts from the selling stockholders (or, if any 
broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the 
purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated. The selling stockholders do not 
expect these commissions and discounts to exceed what is customary in the 
types of transactions involved.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
The selling stockholders may from time to time pledge or grant a security 
interest in some or all of the shares of common stock owned by them and, if 
they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees 
or secured parties may offer and sell shares of common stock from time to 
time under this prospectus, or under a supplement or amendment to this 
prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the 
Securities Act amending the list of selling stockholders to include the 
pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders 
under this prospectus.
 
Upon being notified in writing by a selling stockholder that any material 
arrangement has been entered into with a broker-dealer for the sale of 
common stock through a block trade, special offering, exchange distribution 
or secondary distribution or a purchase by a broker or dealer, we will file 
a supplement to this prospectus, if required, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under 
the Securities Act, disclosing (i) the name of each such selling 
stockholder and of the participating broker-dealer(s), (ii) the number of 
shares involved, (iii) the price at which such shares of common stock were 
sold, (iv) the commissions paid or discounts or concessions allowed to such 
broker-dealer(s), where applicable, (v) that such broker-dealer(s) did not 
conduct any investigation to verify the information set out or incorporated 
by reference in this prospectus, and (vi) other facts material to the 
transaction. In addition, upon being notified in writing by a selling 
stockholder that a donee or pledge intends to sell more than 500 shares of 
common stock, we will file a supplement to this prospectus if then required 
in accordance with applicable securities law.
 
The selling stockholders also may transfer the shares of common stock in 
other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other 
successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes 
of this prospectus.
 
In connection with the sale of the shares of common stock or interests in 
shares of common stock, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging 
transactions after the effective date of the registration statement of 
which this prospectus is a part with broker-dealers or other financial 
institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock 
in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling 
stockholders may also sell shares of common stock short after the effective 
date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and 
deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or 
pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these 
securities. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or other 
transactions after the effective date of the registration statement of 
which this prospectus is a part with broker-dealers or other financial 
institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which 
require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution 
of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or 
other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as 
supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).
 
The selling stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved 
in selling the shares may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning 
of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any 
commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the 
resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting 
commissions or discounts under the Securities Act and the rules of the 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
 
We have advised the selling stockholders that they are required to comply 
with Regulation M promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act during 
such time as they may be engaged in a distribution of the shares. The 
foregoing may affect the marketability of the common stock.
 
The aggregate proceeds to the selling securityholders from the sale of the 
common stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the common stock 
less discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the selling securityholders 
reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to 
time, to
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of common stock to be 
made directly or through agents. We will not receive any of the proceeds 
from this offering.
 
We are required to pay all fees and expenses incident to the registration 
of the shares. We have agreed to indemnify the selling stockholders against 
certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities 
under the Securities Act or otherwise.
 
We have agreed with the selling stockholders to keep the registration 
statement of which this prospectus constitutes a part effective until the 
date on which all securities under such Registration Statement have ceased 
to be Registrable Securities.
 
The selling stockholder will be subject to the prospectus delivery 
requirements of the Securities Act including Rule 172 thereunder unless an 
exemption therefrom is available.
 
The shares of common stock will be sold only through registered or licensed 
brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In 
addition, in certain states, the shares of common stock covered hereby may 
not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the 
applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification 
requirement is available and is complied with.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Annex B
 
Avinger, Inc.
 
Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire
 
The undersigned beneficial owner of Registrable Securities of Avinger, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), understands that the Company 
has filed or intends to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission a registration statement (the Registration Statement) for the 
registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the 
Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to 
which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement 
is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. 
All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.
 
Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a selling security 
holder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. 
Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are 
advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the 
consequences of being named or not being named as a selling security holder 
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.
 
NOTICE
 
The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Securityholder) of 
Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities 
owned by it in the Registration Statement.
 
The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company 
and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:
 
QUESTIONNAIRE
 
1.             Name:
 
        (a)           Full Legal Name of Selling Securityholder
 
 
        (b)           Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (holder of
        record) (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable
        Securities are held:
 
 
        (c)           If you are not a natural person, full Legal Name of
        Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly
        or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of
        the securities covered by this Questionnaire):
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
2.             Address for Notices to Selling Securityholder:
 
 
Telephone:
Fax:
        Email:
        Contact Person:
 
    3.             Broker-Dealer Status:
 
        (a)           Are you a broker-dealer?
 
                    Yes o          No o
 
        (b)           If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your
        Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking
        services to the Company?
 
                    Yes o          No o
 
        Note:      If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has
        indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the
        Registration Statement.
 
        (c)           Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?
 
                    Yes o          No o
 
        (d)           If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you
        certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the
        ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the
        Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or
        understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to
        distribute the Registrable Securities?
 
                    Yes o          No o
 
        Note:      If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has
        indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the
        Registration Statement.
 
    4.             Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned
    by the Selling Securityholder:
 
    Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the
    beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company.
 
        (a)           Please list the type (common stock, warrants, etc.)
        and amount of all securities of the Company (including any
        Registrable Securities) beneficially owned1 by the Selling
        Securityholder:
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1  Beneficially Owned: A beneficial owner of a security includes any 
person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, 
understanding, relationship or otherwise has or shares (i) voting power, 
including the power to direct the voting of such security, or (ii) 
investment power, including the power to dispose of, or direct the 
disposition of, such security. In addition, a person is deemed to have 
beneficial ownership of a security of which such person has the right to 
acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days, including, but not 
limited to, any right to acquire such security: (i) through the exercise of 
any option, warrant or right, (ii) through the conversion
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    5.             Relationships with the Company:
 
    Except as set forth below, neither you nor (if you are a natural
    person) any member of your immediate family, nor (if you are not a
    natural person) any of your affiliates2, officers, directors or
    principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities
    of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any
    other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or
    affiliates) during the past three years.
     
    State any exceptions here:
 
 
The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies 
or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to 
the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains 
effective.
 
By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the 
information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the 
inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related 
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned 
understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in 
connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement 
and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
of any security or (iii) pursuant to the power to revoke, or the automatic 
termination of, a trust, discretionary account or similar arrangement.
 
It is possible that a security may have more than one beneficial owner, 
such as a trust, with two co-trustees sharing voting power, and the settlor 
or another third party having investment power, in which case each of the 
three would be the beneficial owner of the securities in the trust. The 
power to vote or direct the voting, or to invest or dispose of, or direct 
the investment or disposition of, a security may be indirect and arise from 
legal, economic, contractual or other rights, and the determination of 
beneficial ownership depends upon who ultimately possesses or shares the 
power to direct the voting or the disposition of the security.
 
The final determination of the existence of beneficial ownership depends 
upon the facts of each case. You may, if you believe the facts warrant it, 
disclaim beneficial ownership of securities that might otherwise be 
considered beneficially owned by you.
 
2  Affiliate: An affiliate is a company or person that directly, or 
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls you, or is 
controlled by you, or is under common control with you.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused 
this Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and 
delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent.
 
BENEFICIAL OWNER (individual)
 
BENEFICIAL OWNER (entity)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature
 
Name of Entity
 
 
 
 
 
 
Print Name
 
Signature
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Print Name:
 
Signature (if Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common)
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
PLEASE E-MAIL OR FAX A COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED SELLING 
SECURITYHOLDER NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE, AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL BY 
OVERNIGHT MAIL, TO:
 
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.
650 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Attention: Julia Dietrich
Facsimile: 650-461-6811
Email: jdietrich@wsgr.com
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

