 EX-10.3 12 a2234511zex-10_3.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3
 
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of    , 
2018, is made and entered into by and among DFB Healthcare Acquisitions 
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Deerfield/RAB Ventures LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), and the undersigned 
parties listed under Holder on the signature page hereto (each such party, 
together with the Sponsor and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a 
party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a 
Holder and collectively the Holders).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Sponsor have entered into that certain 
Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2017, pursuant 
to which the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,187,500 shares (the 
Founder Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
(the Common Stock);
 
WHEREAS, the Sponsor subsequently transferred an aggregate of 320,000 
Founder Shares to the other Holders;
 
WHEREAS, on   , 2018, the Company and the Sponsor entered into that certain 
Warrant Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to 
purchase an aggregate of 4,333,333 warrants (or up to 4,833,333 warrants if 
the underwriters option  to purchase additional units in connection with 
the Companys initial public offering is exercised in full) (the Private 
Placement Warrants), in a private placement transaction occurring 
simultaneously with the closing of the Companys initial public offering; 
and
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, 
pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration 
rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in 
this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, covenants and 
agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1                               Definitions.  The terms defined in this 
Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective 
meanings set forth below:
 
Adverse Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material 
non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the 
Chief Executive Officer or any principal financial officer of the Company, 
after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be 
made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and 
any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which 
they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at 
such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the 
Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information 
public.
 
Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.
 
Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
Business Combination shall mean any merger, capital stock exchange, asset 
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business 
combination with one or more businesses, involving the Company.
 
Commission shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
Common Stock shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.
 
Company shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.
 
Demand Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.
 
Demanding Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.
 
Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be 
amended from time to time.
 
Form S-1 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.
 
Form S-3 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.
 
Founder Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and 
shall be deemed to include the shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion thereof.
 
Founder Shares Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder 
Shares, the period ending on the earlier of (A) one year after the 
completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent 
to the Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Common Stock 
equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock 
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 
trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days 
after the Companys initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which 
the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, 
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the 
Companys stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common 
Stock for cash, securities or other property, except in each case (a) to 
the Companys officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of 
any of the Companys officers or directors, any members of the Sponsor, or 
any affiliates of such person or the Sponsor, (b) in the case of an 
individual, by gift to a member of one of the members of the individuals 
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
is a member of one of the individuals immediate family, an affiliate of 
such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an 
individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the 
individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified 
domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in 
connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no 
greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased; (f) 
in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to its completion of its 
initial Business Combination; or (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or 
the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the 
Sponsor; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) 
these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to 
be bound by these transfer restrictions.
 
Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.
 
Insider Letter shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of   , 
2018, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys 
officers, directors and director nominees.
 
Maximum Number of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 
2.1.4.
 
Misstatement shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an 
omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration 
Statement or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a 
Registration Statement or Prospectus in the light of the circumstances 
under which they were made not misleading.
 
Permitted Transferees shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of 
Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities 
prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or Private 
Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, under the Insider Letter and 
any other applicable agreement between such Holder and the Company, and to 
any transferee thereafter.
 
Piggyback Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.
 
Private Placement Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to Private 
Placement Warrants that are held by the initial purchasers of such Private 
Placement Warrants or their Permitted Transferees, and any shares of Common 
Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Private 
Placement Warrants and that are held by the initial purchasers of the 
Private Placement Warrants or their Permitted Transferees, the period 
ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business 
Combination except in each case (a) to the Companys officers or directors, 
any affiliates or family members of any of the Companys officers or 
directors, any members of the Sponsor, or any affiliates of such person or 
the Sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one 
of the members of the individuals immediate family or to a trust, the 
beneficiary of which is a member of one of the individuals immediate 
family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in 
the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution 
upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to 
a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers 
made in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at 
prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally 
purchased;
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(f) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to its completion of 
its initial Business Combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or 
the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the 
Sponsor; or (h) in the event of the Companys completion of a liquidation, 
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of 
its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock 
for cash, securities or other property subsequent to the Companys 
completion of its initial Business Combination; provided, however, that in 
the case of clauses (a) through (e) these permitted transferees must enter 
into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer 
restrictions.
 
Private Placement Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals 
hereto.
 
Prospectus shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration 
Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as 
amended by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material 
incorporated by reference in such prospectus.
 
Registrable Security shall mean (a) the Founder Shares, (b) the Private 
Placement Warrants (including any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable 
upon the exercise of any such Private Placement Warrants), (c) any 
outstanding share of Common Stock or any other equity security (including 
the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of any 
other equity security) of the Company held by a Holder as of the date of 
this Agreement, (d) any equity securities (including the shares of Common 
Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of any such equity security) of 
the Company issuable upon conversion of any working capital loans in an 
amount up to $1,500,000 made to the Company by a Holder, and (e) any other 
equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such 
share of Common Stock by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in 
connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, 
consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any 
particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be 
Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to 
the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the 
Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, 
disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; 
(B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates 
for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall 
have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of 
such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; 
(C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such 
securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 
promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated 
thereafter by the Commission) (but with no volume or other restrictions or 
limitations); or (E) such securities have been sold to, or through, a 
broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public 
securities transaction.
 
Registration shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a 
registration statement or similar document in compliance with the 
requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement 
becoming effective.
 
Registration Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a 
Registration, including, without limitation, the following:
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to 
filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority, Inc.) and any securities exchange on which the Common Stock is 
then listed;
 
(B) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws 
(including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the 
Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable 
Securities);
 
(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;
 
(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;
 
(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public 
accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such 
Registration; and
 
(F) reasonable fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the 
majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand 
Registration to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable 
Registration.
 
Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers 
the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, 
including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, 
amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such 
registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated 
by reference in such registration statement.
 
Requesting Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.
 
Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from 
time to time.
 
Sponsor shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.
 
Underwriter shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable 
Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such 
dealers market-making activities.
 
Underwritten Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a 
Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter 
in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.
 
ARTICLE II
REGISTRATIONS
 
2.1                               Demand Registration.
 
2.1.1                     Request for Registration.  Subject to the 
provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from 
time to time on or after the date the Company consummates the Business 
Combination, the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the 
then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities (the Demanding Holders
) may make a written demand for Registration of all or part of their 
Registrable Securities, which written demand shall
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such 
Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such 
written demand a Demand Registration).  The Company shall, within ten 
(10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in 
writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand, and 
each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all 
or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration 
pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all or a 
portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a 
Requesting Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within five 
(5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company.  
Upon receipt by the Company of any such written notification from a 
Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be 
entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration 
pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon 
thereafter as practicable, but not more than forty five (45) days 
immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, the 
Registration of all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding 
Holders and Requesting Holders pursuant to such Demand Registration.  Under 
no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an 
aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration 
under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all Registrable 
Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for 
such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration 
statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1) has become 
effective and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting 
Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting Holders in such Form 
S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this 
Agreement.
 
2.1.2                     Effective Registration.  Notwithstanding the 
provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a 
Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a 
Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the 
Commission with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration 
has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has 
complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect 
thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement has 
been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a 
Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently interfered 
with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state 
court or any other governmental agency the Registration Statement with 
respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared 
effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, 
rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the 
Demanding Holders initiating such Demand Registration thereafter 
affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly 
notify the Company in writing, but in no event later than five (5) days, of 
such election; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated 
or required to file another Registration Statement until the Registration 
Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration 
pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently 
terminated.
 
2.1.3                     Underwritten Offering.  Subject to the provisions 
of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of 
the Demanding Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand 
Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to 
such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, 
then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to 
include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be 
conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten Offering
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such 
Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein.  All such Holders 
proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an 
Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an 
underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected 
for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding 
Holders initiating the Demand Registration.
 
2.1.4                     Reduction of Underwritten Offering.  If the 
managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration 
pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the 
Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the 
dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding 
Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together 
with all other Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company 
desires to sell and the Common Stock, if any, as to which a Registration 
has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back 
registration rights held by any other stockholders who desire to sell, 
exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities 
that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting 
the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the 
probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or 
maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of 
Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, 
as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders 
and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective 
number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting 
Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration 
and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding 
Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such 
Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro 
Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of 
Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of 
Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), Common 
Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which 
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) 
third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been 
reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), Common Stock or other 
equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is 
obligated to register in a Registration pursuant to separate written 
contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without 
exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.
 
2.1.5                     Demand Registration Withdrawal.  A 
majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand 
Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting Holders (if any), 
pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to 
withdraw from a Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration for any 
or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the 
Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from 
such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement 
filed with the Commission with respect to the Registration of their 
Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company 
shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection 
with a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its 
withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
2.2                               Piggyback Registration.
 
2.2.1                     Piggyback Rights.  If, at any time on or after 
the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company 
proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with 
respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other 
obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity 
securities, for its own account or for the account of stockholders of the 
Company (or by the Company and by the stockholders of the Company 
including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than 
a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock 
option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of 
securities solely to the Companys existing stockholders, (iii) for an 
offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company 
or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give 
written notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable 
Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before 
the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice 
shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such 
offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the 
proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, 
and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the 
opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities 
as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt 
of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration).  The 
Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be 
included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to 
cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten 
Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders 
pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback 
Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of 
the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other 
disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended 
method(s) of distribution thereof.  All such Holders proposing to 
distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering 
under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in 
customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten 
Offering by the Company.
 
2.2.2                     Reduction of Piggyback Registration.  If the 
managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that 
is to be a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and 
the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback 
Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of 
Common Stock that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the 
shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded 
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or 
entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (ii) 
the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested 
pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the shares of Common Stock, if 
any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate 
written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of 
the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:
 
If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company 
shall include in any such Registration (A) first, Common Stock or other 
equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold 
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the 
extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the 
foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising 
their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to 
subsection 2.2.1 hereof, Pro Rata, which can be sold without exceeding the 
Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) 
and (B), Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested 
pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other 
stockholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the 
Maximum Number of Securities;
 
If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other 
than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include 
in any such Registration (A) first, Common Stock or other equity 
securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the 
Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the 
Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum 
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), 
the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register 
their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata based 
on the number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be 
included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of 
Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in 
such Underwritten Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the 
Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum 
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) 
and (B), Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires 
to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of 
Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of 
Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and 
(C), Common Stock or other equity securities for the account of other 
persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to 
separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, 
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.
 
2.2.3                     Piggyback Registration Withdrawal.  Any Holder of 
Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback 
Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to 
the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its 
intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the 
effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with 
respect to such Piggyback Registration.  The Company (whether on its own 
good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by 
persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw 
a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a 
Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such 
Registration Statement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses 
incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its 
withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.
 
2.2.4                     Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights.  For 
purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 
hereof shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand 
Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.
 
2.3                               Registrations on Form S-3.  The Holders 
of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request 
in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act 
(or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register 
the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any 
similar short form registration statement that may be available at such 
time (Form S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be 
obligated to effect such request through an Underwritten Offering.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a 
Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on Form S-3, 
the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration 
on Form S-3 to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder 
of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion 
of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration on Form S-3 
shall so notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the 
receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company.  As soon as 
practicable thereafter, but not more than twelve (12) days after the 
Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on 
Form S-3, the Company shall register all or such portion of such Holders 
Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together 
with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or 
Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written 
notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the 
Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to 
Section 2.3 hereof if (i) a Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or 
(ii) the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of 
any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such 
Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other 
equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less 
than $10,000,000.
 
2.4                               Restrictions on Registration Rights.  If 
(A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the 
Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a 
date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a 
Company initiated Registration and provided that the Company has delivered 
written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration 
pursuant to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good 
faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration 
Statement to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an 
Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to 
obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or 
(C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would be 
seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result 
that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement at 
such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a 
certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board stating that in the good 
faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the 
Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and 
that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration 
Statement.  In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer such 
filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, 
that the Company shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than 
once in any 12 month period.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement, no Registration shall be effected or permitted 
and no Registration Statement shall become effective, with respect to any 
Registrable Securities held by any Holder, until after the expiration of 
the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period or the Private Placement Lock-Up Period, 
as the case may be.
 
ARTICLE III
COMPANY PROCEDURES
 
3.1                               General Procedures.  If at any time on or 
after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company 
is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the 
Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended 
plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as 
expeditiously as possible:
 
3.1.1                     prepare and file with the Commission as soon as 
practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable 
Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration 
Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable 
Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold;
 
3.1.2                     prepare and file with the Commission such 
amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and 
such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or 
any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the 
rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used 
by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder 
to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable 
Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance 
with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration 
Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;
 
3.1.3                     prior to filing a Registration Statement or 
prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge 
to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities 
included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of 
such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and 
supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all 
exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the 
Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each 
preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and 
the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the 
legal counsel for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the 
disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;
 
3.1.4                     prior to any public offering of Registrable 
Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable 
Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or 
blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders 
of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light 
of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such 
action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the 
Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other 
governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and 
operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may 
be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities 
included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of 
such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that 
the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in 
any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or 
take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process 
or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so 
subject;
 
3.1.5                     cause all such Registrable Securities to be 
listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which 
similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.1.6                     provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as 
applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than 
the effective date of such Registration Statement;
 
3.1.7                     advise each seller of such Registrable 
Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge 
thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the 
effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or 
threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its 
reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to 
obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;
 
3.1.8                     at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any 
Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such 
Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document that is to be 
incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus, 
furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its 
counsel;
 
3.1.9                     notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus 
relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under 
the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the 
Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, 
includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth 
in Section 3.4 hereof;
 
3.1.10              permit a representative of the Holders, the 
Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such 
Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, 
in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys 
officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably 
requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant 
in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such 
representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in 
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the 
release or disclosure of any such information;
 
3.1.11              obtain a cold comfort letter from the Companys 
independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten 
Registration, in customary form and covering such matters of the type 
customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter 
may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a 
majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;
 
3.1.12              on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered 
for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, 
of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, 
addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and 
the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the 
Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the 
Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably 
request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative 
assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of 
the participating Holders;
 
3.1.13              in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into 
and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and 
customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
3.1.14              make available to its security holders, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at 
least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys 
first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration 
Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities 
Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter 
by the Commission);
 
3.1.15              if the Registration involves the Registration of 
Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $50,000,000, 
use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the 
Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be 
reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and
 
3.1.16              otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, 
and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the 
Holders, in connection with such Registration.
 
3.2                               Registration Expenses.  The Registration 
Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company.  It is 
acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental 
selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as 
Underwriters commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter 
marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of 
Registration Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal 
counsel representing the Holders.
 
3.3                               Requirements for Participation in 
Underwritten Offerings.  No person may participate in any Underwritten 
Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration 
initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell 
such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting 
arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all 
customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up 
agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be 
reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.
 
3.4                               Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure.  
Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration 
Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall 
forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she 
or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus 
correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby 
covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as 
practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is 
advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be 
resumed.  If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a 
Registration Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would 
require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the 
inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are 
unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, the 
Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the 
Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, 
such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no 
event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith by the Company 
to be necessary for such purpose.  In the event the Company exercises its 
rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, 
immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use 
of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale 
or offer to sell Registrable Securities.  The
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any 
period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.
 
3.5                               Reporting Obligations.  As long as any 
Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it 
shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file 
timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the 
applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company 
after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange 
Act and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of 
all such filings.  The Company further covenants that it shall take such 
further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent 
required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell shares of Common 
Stock held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act 
within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated 
under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by 
the Commission), including providing any legal opinions.  Upon the request 
of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written 
certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied 
with such requirements.
 
ARTICLE IV
INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION
 
4.1                               Indemnification.
 
4.1.1                     The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent 
permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and 
directors and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of 
the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and 
expenses (including attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue 
statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, 
Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement 
thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to 
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any 
information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly 
for use therein.  The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their 
officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters 
(within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided 
in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.
 
4.1.2                     In connection with any Registration Statement in 
which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder 
shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as 
the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such 
Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, 
shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each 
person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) 
against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including 
without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue 
statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, 
Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement 
thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the 
extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any 
information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly 
for use therein; provided, however, that the
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such 
Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of 
Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net 
proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities 
pursuant to such Registration Statement.  The Holders of Registrable 
Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and 
each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the 
Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with 
respect to indemnification of the Company.
 
4.1.3                     Any person entitled to indemnification herein 
shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim 
with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure 
to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to 
indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially 
prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified 
partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified 
and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such 
indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel 
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party.  If such defense is 
assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for 
any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).  An indemnifying party who is 
not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not 
be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all 
parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, 
unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of 
interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such 
indemnified parties with respect to such claim.  No indemnifying party 
shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry 
of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all 
respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the 
indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which 
settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by 
the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all 
liability in respect to such claim or litigation.
 
4.1.4                     The indemnification provided for under this 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any 
investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, 
director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive 
the transfer of securities.  The Company and each Holder of Registrable 
Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions 
as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to 
such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is 
unavailable for any reason.
 
4.1.5                     If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 
hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold 
harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, 
liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, 
in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the 
amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, 
claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is 
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the 
indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.  
The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be 
determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in 
question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material 
fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by,
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or 
indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys 
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to 
correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of 
any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of 
the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to 
such liability.  The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the 
losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, 
subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 
above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by 
such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding.  The parties 
hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution 
pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or 
by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the 
equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5.  No person 
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f)
 of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this 
subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent 
misrepresentation.
 
ARTICLE V
MISCELLANEOUS
 
5.1                               Notices.  Any notice or communication 
under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the 
United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid 
and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in 
person or by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) 
transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or 
facsimile.  Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or 
transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently 
given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the 
third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the 
case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic 
mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to 
the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or 
at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation.  
Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to 
the Company, to:780 Third Avenue, New York, NY 10017, Attention: 
Christopher Wolfe, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address or 
facsimile number as set forth in the Companys books and records.  Any 
party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time 
by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address 
shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as 
provided in this Section 5.1.
 
5.2                               Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries
.
 
5.2.1                     This Agreement and the rights, duties and 
obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by 
the Company in whole or in part.
 
5.2.2                     Prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares 
Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, 
no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or 
obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection 
with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted 
Transferee, but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by 
the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement and other applicable 
letter agreements.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
5.2.3                     This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be 
binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its 
successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include 
Permitted Transferees.
 
5.2.4                     This Agreement shall not confer any rights or 
benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as 
expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.
 
5.2.5                     No assignment by any party hereto of such partys 
rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate 
the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written 
notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the 
written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the 
Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which 
may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this 
Agreement).  Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this 
Section 5.2 shall be null and void.
 
5.3                               Counterparts.  This Agreement may be 
executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF 
counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which 
together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need 
be produced.
 
5.4                               Governing Law; Venue.  NOTWITHSTANDING 
THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES 
HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED 
BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO 
AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED 
ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS 
OF SUCH JURISDICTION AND (II) THE VENUE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN WITH RESPECT 
TO THE AGREEMENT SHALL BE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN NEW YORK COUNTY IN 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY 
ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT 
ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, 
ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR 
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS 
AGREEMENT.
 
5.5                               Amendments and Modifications.  Upon the 
written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in 
interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in question, compliance 
with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions 
may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the 
foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one 
Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the shares of 
capital stock of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from 
the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the 
Holder so affected.  No course of dealing between
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or 
delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or 
remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or 
remedies of any Holder or the Company.  No single or partial exercise of 
any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a 
waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder 
or thereunder by such party.
 
5.6                               Other Registration Rights.  The Company 
represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable 
Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities 
of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any 
Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own 
account or for the account of any other person.  Further, the Company 
represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other 
registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and 
conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or 
agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.
 
5.7                               Term.  This Agreement shall terminate 
upon the earlier of (i) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement 
or (ii) the date as of which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have 
been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to 
the applicable period referred to in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act 
and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by 
the Commission)) or (B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities are 
permitted to sell the Registrable Securities under Rule 144 (or any similar 
provision) under the Securities Act without limitation on the amount of 
securities sold or the manner of sale.  The provisions of Section 3.5 and 
Article IV shall survive any termination.
 
[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be 
executed as of the date first written above.
 
 
COMPANY:
 
 
 
DFB HEALTHCARE ACQUISITIONS CORP.,
a Delaware corporation
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Richard Barasch
 
 
Title: Executive Officer
 
 
 
HOLDERS:
 
 
 
DEERFIELD/RAB VENTURES LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Richard Barasch
 
 
Title: Manager
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Chris Wolfe
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Steven Hochberg
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Dr. Mohit Kaushal
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Dr. Gregory Sorensen
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Dr. Susan Weaver
 
[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

