 EX-10.9 15 a2234511zex-10_9.htm EX-10.9
Exhibit 10.9
 
SECURITIES ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Securities Assignment Agreement is dated as of December 29, 2017 (this 
Assignment), by and among Deerfield/RAB Ventures, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (the Seller), and Christopher Wolfe (the Buyer).
 
WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this 
Assignment, the Seller wishes to assign to the Buyer 100,000 shares (the 
Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), of 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp. (the Company), and the Buyer wishes to 
purchase and receive the Shares from the Seller; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company intends to file a registration statement on Form S-1, 
as may be amended (the Registration Statement), under the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the Act), relating to an underwritten public 
offering by the Company (the Public Offering).
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, representations, 
warranties and the mutual covenants contained in this Assignment, and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to 
be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
 
Section  1              Assignment of Shares. Seller hereby assigns 100,000 
Shares to the Buyer. The Buyer has agreed to pay to the Seller an aggregate 
amount of Three Hundred Forty-Eight Dollars ($348.00) (the Purchase Price
), in consideration of the assignment of the Shares. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the event that the Buyer is not the Chief Financial Officer 
of the Company for any reason, on or prior to the closing of the Public 
Offering, the Buyer shall automatically forfeit all of the Shares held by 
the Buyer, which shall automatically be assigned and returned to the 
Seller, and the Seller shall promptly return the Purchase Price to the 
Buyer.
 
Section  2              No Conflicts. Each party represents and warrants 
that neither the execution and delivery of this Assignment by such party, 
nor the consummation or performance by such party of any of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, will with or without notice or lapse of 
time, constitute, create or result in a breach or violation of, default 
under, loss of benefit or right under or acceleration of performance of any 
obligation required under any agreement to which it is a party.
 
Section  3              Investment Representations. Each Buyer represents 
and warrants, with respect to himself only, as follows: such Buyer hereby 
acknowledges that an investment in the Shares involves certain significant 
risks. Such Buyer has no need for liquidity in its investment in the Shares 
for the foreseeable future and is able to bear the risk of that investment 
for an indefinite period. Such Buyer acknowledges and hereby agrees that 
the Shares will not be transferable under any circumstances unless 
registered by the Company in accordance with federal and state securities 
laws or sold in compliance with an exemption under such laws and such 
transfer complies with all applicable lock-up restrictions on such Buyer 
(as described in the Companys Registration Statement relating to the 
Public Offering). Such Buyer further understands that any certificates 
evidencing the Shares bear a legend referring to the foregoing transfer 
restrictions.
 
The Shares are being acquired solely for such Buyers own account, for 
investment purposes only, and are not being purchased with a view to or for 
the resale, distribution, subdivision or fractionalization thereof; and 
such Buyer has no present plans to enter into any contract, undertaking, 
agreement or arrangement for such resale, distribution, subdivision or 
fractionalization. Such Buyer has been given the opportunity to (i) ask 
questions of and receive answers from the Seller and the Company concerning 
the terms and conditions of the Shares, and the business and financial 
condition of the Company and (ii) obtain any additional information that 
the Seller possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense 
that is necessary to assist such Buyer in evaluating the advisability of 
the purchase of the Shares and an investment in the Company. Such Buyer is 
not relying on any oral representation made by any person as to the Company 
or its operations, financial condition or prospects. Such Buyer is an 
accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated by the 
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Act.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section  4              Miscellaneous. This Assignment, together with the 
certificates, documents, instruments and writings that are delivered 
pursuant hereto, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the 
parties hereto in respect of its subject matter. This Assignment may be 
executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an 
original but all of which together will constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Assignment may not be amended, modified or waived as to 
any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all 
parties hereto. Except as otherwise provided herein, no party hereto may 
assign either this Assignment or any of its rights, interests, or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other 
party.
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Assignment to be 
effective as of the date first set forth above.
 
 
DEERFIELD/RAB VENTURES, LLC
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Richard A. Barasch
 
 
Name:
Richard A. Barasch
 
 
Title:
Member
 
 
 
BUYER:
 
 
 
/s/ Christopher Wolfe
 
Christopher Wolfe
 
[Signature Page to Securities Assignment Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

