 EX-10.2 11 a2234511zex-10_2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
FORM OF
 
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT
 
This Investment Management Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made 
effective as of         , 2018 by and between DFB Healthcare Acquisitions 
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Continental Stock 
Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation (the Trustee).
 
WHEREAS, the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, No. 333-222376 
(the Registration Statement) and prospectus (the Prospectus) for the 
initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units), each of which 
consists of one share of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per 
share (the Common Stock), and one-third of one warrant, each whole 
warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock 
(such initial public offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering), 
has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the 
Underwriting Agreement) with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. as representatives (the Representatives) of the several 
underwriters (the Underwriters) named therein; and
 
WHEREAS, as described in the Prospectus, $250,000,000 of the gross proceeds 
of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Warrants (as defined in 
the Underwriting Agreement) (or $287,500,000 if the underwriters option to 
purchase additional units is exercised in full) will be delivered to the 
Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at 
all times in the United States (the Trust Account) for the benefit of the 
Company and the holders of the Common Stock included in the Units issued in 
the Offering as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the 
Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to 
herein as the Property, the stockholders for whose benefit the Trustee 
shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Stockholders, 
and the Public Stockholders and the Company will be referred to together as 
the Beneficiaries); and
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, a portion of the Property 
equal to $[·], or $[·] if the Underwriters option to purchase additional 
units is exercised in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting 
commissions that will be payable by the Company to the Underwriters upon 
and concurrently with the consummation of the Business Combination (as 
defined below); and
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to 
set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold 
the Property.
 
NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:
 
1.                                      Agreements and Covenants of Trustee
.  The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:
 
(a)                                 Hold the Property in trust for the 
Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust 
Account established by the Trustee in the United States at JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is 
reasonably satisfactory to the Company;
 
(b)                                 Manage, supervise and administer the 
Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;
 
(c)                                  In a timely manner, upon the written 
instruction of the Company, invest and reinvest the Property in United 
States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 180 days 
or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs 
(d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. 
government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company; the Trustee 
may not invest in any other securities or assets, it being understood that 
the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested 
awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder;
 
(d)                                 Collect and receive, when due, all 
interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part 
of the Property, as such term is used herein;
 
(e)                                  Promptly notify the Company and the 
Representatives of all communications received by the Trustee with respect 
to any Property requiring action by the Company;
 
(f)                                   Supply any necessary information or 
documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in 
connection with the Companys preparation of the tax returns relating to 
assets held in the Trust Account;
 
(g)                                  Participate in any plan or proceeding 
for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property 
if, as and when instructed by the Company to do so;
 
(h)                                 Render to the Company monthly written 
statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account 
reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account;
 
(i)                                     Commence liquidation of the Trust 
Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in 
accordance with, the terms of a letter from the Company (Termination 
Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either 
Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by 
its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 
or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) or other 
authorized officer of the Company, and complete the liquidation of the 
Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including 
interest (which interest shall be net of any taxes payable, any interest 
released to the Company to fund its working capital requirements, subject 
to an annual limit of $250,000, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay 
dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the 
other documents referred to therein, or (y) upon the date which is the 
later of (i) 24 months after the closing of the Offering and (ii) such 
later date as may be approved by the Companys stockholders in accordance 
with the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation if a 
Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, 
in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and 
the Property in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall 
be net of any taxes payable, any interest released to the Company to fund 
its working capital requirements, subject to an annual limit of $250,000, 
and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), shall be 
distributed to the Public Stockholders of record as of such date; provided
, however, that in the event the Trustee receives a Termination Letter in a 
form substantially similar to Exhibit B hereto, or if the Trustee begins to 
liquidate the Property because it has received no such Termination Letter 
by the date specified in clause (y) of this Section 1(i), the Trustee shall 
keep the Trust Account open until twelve (12) months following the date the 
Property has been distributed to the Public Stockholders;
 
(j)                                    Upon written request from the 
Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially 
similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C, withdraw from the Trust 
Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the 
Property requested by the Company to cover any tax obligation owed by the 
Company as a result of assets of the Company or interest or other income 
earned on the Property and to fund the Companys working capital 
requirements, subject to an annual limit of $250,000, which amount shall be 
delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other 
method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the 
relevant taxing authority, as applicable; provided, however, that to the 
extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax 
obligation or available to fund the Companys working capital requirements, 
the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall 
be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution so long 
as there is no reduction in the principal amount initially deposited in the 
Trust Account; provided, further, that if the tax to be paid is a franchise 
tax, the written request by the Company to make such distribution shall be 
accompanied by a copy of the franchise tax bill from the State of Delaware 
for the Company and a written statement from the principal financial 
officer of the Company setting forth the actual amount payable (it being 
acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income 
earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account).  The 
written request of the Company
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is 
entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to 
look beyond said request;
 
(k)                                 Upon written request from the Company, 
which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to 
that attached hereto as Exhibit D, the Trustee shall distribute (from a 
segregated account) to the Public Stockholders of record as of such date 
the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem shares of Common 
Stock from Public Stockholders properly submitted pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 9.7 of the Companys amended and restated certificate 
of incorporation; and
 
(l)                                     Not make any withdrawals or 
distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), 
(j) or (k) above.
 
2.                                      Agreements and Covenants of the 
Company.  The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:
 
(a)                                 Give all instructions to the Trustee 
hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairman of the Board, 
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Secretary.  
In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) 
and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be 
protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction 
which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by 
any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, 
provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in 
writing;
 
(b)                                 Subject to Section 4 hereof, hold the 
Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all 
expenses, including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements, or losses 
suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder 
and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against 
the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, 
which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services 
of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the 
Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross 
negligence, fraud or willful misconduct.  Promptly after the receipt by the 
Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, 
suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek 
indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in 
writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim
).  The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense 
against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the 
consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  The Trustee may not 
agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of 
the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed.  The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;
 
(c)                                  Pay the Trustee the fees set forth on 
Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual 
administration fee, and transaction processing fee which fees shall be 
subject to modification by the parties from time to time.  It is expressly 
understood that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees unless and 
until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 
1(j) hereof.  The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee 
and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the 
Offering.  The Trustee shall refund to the Company the monthly fee (on a 
pro rata basis) with respect to any period after the liquidation of the 
Trust Account.  The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or 
charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule A 
and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;
 
(d)                                 In connection with any vote of the 
Companys stockholders regarding a merger, capital stock exchange, asset 
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination 
involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination
), provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of 
elections for the stockholder meeting verifying the vote of such 
stockholders regarding such Business Combination;
 
(e)                                  Provide the Representatives with a 
copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is 
sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust 
Account promptly after it issues the same; and
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(f)                                   Instruct the Trustee to make only 
those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain 
from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions that are not 
permitted under this Agreement.
 
3.                                      Limitations of Liability.  The 
Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:
 
(a)                                 Imply obligations, perform duties, 
inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or 
document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly set forth 
herein;
 
(b)                                 Take any action with respect to the 
Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall 
have no liability to any third party except for liability arising out of 
the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;
 
(c)                                  Institute any proceeding for the 
collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear 
in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect to, any of the 
Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the 
Company given as provided herein to do so and the Company shall have 
advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident 
thereto;
 
(d)                                 Refund any depreciation in principal of 
any Property;
 
(e)                                  Assume that the authority of any 
person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not 
be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation, or unless the 
Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the 
Trustee;
 
(f)                                   The other parties hereto or to anyone 
else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to 
be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustees reasonable best 
judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful 
misconduct.  The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in 
acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of 
counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the 
Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or 
document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and 
effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability 
of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good 
faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented 
by the proper person or persons.  The Trustee shall not be bound by any 
notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of 
this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written 
instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties 
and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall 
give its prior written consent thereto;
 
(g)                                  Verify the accuracy of the information 
contained in the Registration Statement;
 
(h)                                 Provide any assurance that any Business 
Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the 
Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;
 
(i)                                     File information returns with 
respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing 
authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company documenting 
the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income 
earned on the Property;
 
(j)                                    Prepare, execute and file tax 
reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any 
income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust Account, 
regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the 
Company, including, but not limited to, franchise and income tax 
obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or
 
(k)                                 Verify calculations, qualify or 
otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant 
to Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof.
 
4.                                      Trust Account Waiver.  The Trustee 
has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind 
(Claim) to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby 
irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future.  In 
the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this 
Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 2(b) or Section 
2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company 
and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or 
any monies in the Trust Account.
 
5.                                      Termination.  This Agreement shall 
terminate as follows:
 
(a)                                 If the Trustee gives written notice to 
the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company 
shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor trustee, pending 
which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement.  
At such time that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee 
has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account 
to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of 
copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, 
whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that in the 
event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety 
(90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the 
Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any 
court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court for 
the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall 
be immune from any liability whatsoever; or
 
(b)                                 At such time that the Trustee has 
completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof (which section may 
not be amended under any circumstances) and distributed the Property in 
accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement 
shall terminate except with respect to Section 2(b).
 
6.                                      Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                 The Company and the Trustee each 
acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth 
below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust Account.  The 
Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential 
information relating to such security procedures to authorized persons.  
Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to 
believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access to such confidential 
information, or of any change in its authorized personnel.  In executing 
funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon all information supplied to it 
by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other 
identifying information relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or 
intermediary bank.  Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees 
gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be 
liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error in the 
information or transmission of the funds.
 
(b)                                 This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New 
York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would 
result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.  
This Agreement may be executed in several original or facsimile 
counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together 
shall constitute but one instrument.
 
(c)                                  This Agreement contains the entire 
agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof.  This Agreement or any provision hereof may only be 
changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) 
by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.
 
(d)                                 This Agreement or any provision hereof 
may only be changed, amended or modified pursuant to Section 6(c) hereof 
with the Consent of the Stockholders, it being the specific intention of 
the parties hereto that each of the Companys stockholders is, and shall 
be, a third party beneficiary of this Section 6(d) with the same right and 
power to enforce this Section 6(d) as the other parties hereto.  For 
purposes of this Section 6(d), the Consent of the Stockholders means 
receipt by the Trustee of a certificate from the inspector of elections of 
the stockholder meeting certifying that either (i) the Companys 
stockholders of record as of a record date established in accordance with 
Section 213(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (DGCL
) (or any successor rule), who hold sixty-five percent (65%) or more of 
all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock have voted in favor of such 
change, amendment or modification, or (ii) the Companys stockholders of 
record as of the record date who hold sixty-five percent (65%) or more of 
all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock have delivered to
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
such entity a signed writing approving such change, amendment or 
modification.  No such amendment will affect any Public Stockholder who has 
otherwise indicated his election to redeem his share of Common Stock in 
connection with a stockholder vote sought to amend this Agreement.  Except 
for any liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or 
willful misconduct, the Trustee may rely conclusively on the certification 
from the inspector or elections referenced above and shall be relieved of 
all liability to any party for executing the proposed amendment in reliance 
thereon.
 
(e)                                  The parties hereto consent to the 
jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of 
New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving any disputes 
hereunder.  AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY 
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.
 
(f)                                   Any notice, consent or request to be 
given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement 
shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private 
courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand 
delivery or by facsimile or email transmission:
 
if to the Trustee, to:
 
    Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
    One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor
    New York, New York 10004
    Attn:  Steven G. Nelson or Sharmin Carter
    Fax No.:  (212) 509-5150
 
if to the Company, to:
 
    Richard Barasch
    Chief Executive Officer
    DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
    780 Third Avenue
    New York, NY 10017
    Fax No.:
 
in each case, with copies to:
 
    Greenberg Traurig, LLP
    200 Park Avenue
    New York, NY 10166
    Attn.:  Jason T. Simon, Esq.
    Fax No.:  (212) 801-6400
 
and
 
    Goldman, Sachs & Co.
    200 West Street
    New York, NY 10282
    Attn.:  [·]
    Email:  [·]
 
and
 
    Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
    60 Wall Street
    New York, NY 10005
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Attn.:  Ravi Raghunathan
    Fax No.:  (646) 666-3375
 
and
 
    Kirkland & Ellis LLP
    601 Lexington Avenue
    New York, NY 10022
    Attn.:     Christian Nagler, Esq.
    David A. Curtiss, Esq.
    Fax No.:  (212) 446-4900
 
(g)                                  This Agreement may not be assigned by 
the Trustee without the prior consent of the Company.
 
(h)                                 Each of the Company and the Trustee 
hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly 
authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform its respective 
obligations as contemplated hereunder.  The Trustee acknowledges and agrees 
that it shall not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, 
including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the 
Trust Account under any circumstance.
 
(i)                                     This Agreement is the joint product 
of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject 
to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and 
shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.
 
(j)                                    This Agreement may be executed in 
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an 
original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the 
same instrument.  Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by 
facsimile or electronic transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient 
delivery thereof.
 
(k)                                 Each of the Company and the Trustee 
hereby acknowledges and agrees that each Representative, on behalf of the 
Underwriters, is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.
 
(l)                                     Except as specified herein, no 
party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations 
hereunder to any other person or entity.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment 
Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.
 
 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Trustee
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Richard Barasch
 
 
Title: Chief Executive Officer
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE A
 
Fee Item
 
Time and method of payment
 
Amount
 
Initial set-up fee.
 
Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer.
 
$
2,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trustee administration fee
 
Payable annually. First year fee payable at initial closing of Offering by 
wire transfer thereafter by wire transfer or check.
 
$
4,500
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Sections 1(i)
, 1(j) and 1(k)
 
Deduction by Trustee from accumulated income following disbursement made to 
Company under Section 1
 
$
300 per item presented
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Section 1(i)
 
Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Section 1(i)
 
Prevailing rates
 
 
Sch-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
[Letterhead of Company]
 
[Insert date]
 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor
New York, New York 10004
Attn:  [                ]
 
Re:                             Trust Account No.         Termination 
Letter
 
Gentlemen:
 
Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement 
between DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp. (the Company) and Continental 
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of         , 2018 
(the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has entered 
into an agreement with (the Target Business) to consummate a business 
combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about 
[insert date].  The Company shall notify you at least forty-eight (48) 
hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business 
Combination (the Consummation Date).  Capitalized terms used but not 
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.
 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize 
you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account on 
[insert date], and to transfer the proceeds into a segregated account held 
by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to the effect that, on the 
Consummation Date, all of the funds held in the Trust Account will be 
immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the 
Company shall direct on the Consummation Date.  It is acknowledged and 
agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust checking account at 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn 
any interest or dividends.
 
On the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you 
written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or 
will be consummated concurrently with your transfer of funds to the 
accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification) and (ii) the 
Company shall deliver to you (a) [an affidavit] [a certificate] of the 
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which verifies that the Business 
Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys stockholders, if a 
vote is held and (b) a written instruction signed by the Company with 
respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including 
payment of the Deferred Discount from the Trust Account (the Instruction 
Letter).  You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds 
held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification 
and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction 
Letter.  In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may 
not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify 
the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to 
whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed 
after the Consummation Date to the Company.  Upon the distribution of all 
the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed 
expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under 
the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.
 
In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated on the 
Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified 
you on or before the original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, 
then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, 
the funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in 
Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately 
following the Consummation Date as set forth in such written instruction as 
soon thereafter as possible.
 
Ex A-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
  cc:        Goldman, Sachs & Co.
  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
 
Ex A-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT B
 
[Letterhead of Company]
 
[Insert date]
 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor
New York, New York 10004
Attn:  [                ]
 
Re:                             Trust Account No.         Termination 
Letter
 
Gentlemen:
 
Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement 
between DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp. (the Company) and Continental 
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of         , 2018 
(the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has been 
unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business within the 
time frame specified in the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation, as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the 
Offering.  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the 
meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.
 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize 
you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account on         , 20    
and to transfer the total proceeds into a segregated account held by you on 
behalf of the Beneficiaries to await distribution to the Public 
Stockholders.  The Company has selected [         ](1) as the record date 
for the purpose of determining the Public Stockholders entitled to receive 
their share of the liquidation proceeds.  You agree to be the Paying Agent 
of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to 
distribute said funds directly to the Companys Public Stockholders in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Amended and 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company.  Upon the 
distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable 
unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your 
obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated, except to the 
extent otherwise provided in Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) 24 months from the closing of the Offering.
 
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
  cc:        Goldman, Sachs & Co.
  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
 
Ex B-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT C
 
[Letterhead of Company]
 
[Insert date]
 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor
New York, New York 10004
Attn:  [                ]
 
Re:                             Trust Account No.         Tax Payment and 
Working Capital Withdrawal Instruction
 
Gentlemen:
 
Pursuant to Section 1(j) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement 
between DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp. (the Company) and Continental 
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of         , 2018 
(the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to 
the Company $         of the interest income earned on the Property as of 
the date hereof.  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have 
the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.
 
The Company needs such funds [to pay for the tax obligations as set forth 
on the attached tax return or tax statement] [for working capital purposes 
(1)].  In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby 
directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly 
upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:
 
[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]
 
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
  cc:        Goldman, Sachs & Co.
  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
   
------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (1)         Subject to an annual limit of $250,000.
 
Ex C-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT D
 
[Letterhead of Company]
 
[Insert date]
 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor
New York, New York 10004
Attn:  [                ]
 
Re:                             Trust Account No.         Stockholder 
Redemption Withdrawal Instruction
 
Gentlemen:
 
Pursuant to Section 1(k) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement 
between DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp. (the Company) and Continental 
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of         , 2018 
(the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to 
the redeeming Public Stockholders of the Company $             of the 
principal and interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof 
into a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries.  
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set 
forth in the Trust Agreement.
 
The Company needs such funds to pay its Public Stockholders who have 
properly elected to have their shares of Common Stock redeemed by the 
Company in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to 
the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would 
affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% 
of its public shares of Common Stock if the Company has not consummated an 
initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the 
Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation.  As such, you 
are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such 
funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter into a segregated account 
held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries.
 
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
  cc:        Goldman, Sachs & Co.
  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
 
Ex D-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

