 EX-10.1 7 a17-7305_14ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
Execution Version
 
TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT
 
by and among
 
CACTUS, INC.
 
CERTAIN OTHER PERSONS NAMED HEREIN,
 
and
 
THE AGENT
 
DATED AS OF JANUARY 29, 2018
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT
 
This TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 29, 
2018 and effective as of the date of the initial closing of the IPO, is 
hereby entered into by and among Cactus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Corporate Taxpayer), the TRA Holders and the Agent.
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Corporate Taxpayer is the managing member of Cactus Wellhead, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Cactus LLC), an entity 
classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and holds 
limited liability company interests in Cactus LLC;
 
WHEREAS, Cactus LLC and each of its direct and indirect Subsidiaries that 
is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes will have 
in effect an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the Code), for the Taxable Year that includes the IPO 
and for each Taxable Year in which a Redemption occurs;
 
WHEREAS, on the IPO Date, Cactus LLC will use a portion of the net proceeds 
of the IPO it receives from the Corporate Taxpayer to repay borrowings 
outstanding under its term loan facility (the Debt Payoff);
 
WHEREAS, Cactus WH Enterprises, LLC is a holder of Units, and certain TRA 
Holders are members of Cactus WH Enterprises, LLC and may acquire Units 
hereafter pursuant to Section 8.3 of the Cactus WH Enterprises LLC 
Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, the TRA Holders currently hold Units or will hold Units in the 
future and may transfer all or a portion of such Units in one or more 
Redemptions, and, as a result of such Redemptions, the Corporate Taxpayer 
is expected to obtain or be entitled to certain tax benefits (including tax 
benefits relating to the Debt Payoff) as further described herein;
 
WHEREAS, this Agreement is intended to set forth the agreement among the 
parties hereto regarding the sharing of the tax benefits realized by the 
Corporate Taxpayer as a result of the Redemptions (including tax benefits 
relating to the Debt Payoff);
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective 
covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be legally 
bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
 
Section 1.1                                  Definitions. As used in this 
Agreement, the terms set forth in this Article I shall have the following 
meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and 
plural forms of the terms defined).
 
Accrued Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) of this 
Agreement.
 
Actual Tax Liability means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the actual 
liability for U.S. federal income Taxes of the Corporate Taxpayer; 
provided that the actual liability for U.S.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
federal income Taxes of the Corporate Taxpayer shall be calculated taking 
into account the amount of Allocable Common Basis calculated as set forth 
in that definition (for the avoidance of doubt, regardless of the extent to 
which depreciation, amortization or other deductions arising from the 
underlying adjustments under Section 734(b) are actually allocated to the 
Corporate Taxpayer).
 
Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that 
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is 
Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such first Person.
 
Agent means Cadent Management Services, LLC or such other Person 
designated as such pursuant to Section 7.6(c).
 
Agreed Rate means a per annum rate of LIBOR plus 150 basis points.
 
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
Allocable Common Basis means, with respect to each Unit that is the 
subject of a Redemption, the portion of any adjustment to the Tax basis of 
each Reference Asset under Section 734(b) of the Code as a result of the 
Debt Payoff that is allocable to such Unit in the hands of the Corporate 
Taxpayer, as determined on the relevant Redemption Date and subsequently 
adjusted for depreciation or amortization of such Tax basis after the 
Redemption and prior to the relevant Taxable Year.  For this purpose, the 
portion of any adjustment to the Tax basis of a Reference Asset under 
Section 734(b) of the Code as a result of the Debt Payoff that is allocable 
to such Unit shall equal the total adjustment to the Tax basis of such 
Reference Asset under Section 734(b) of the Code as a result of the Debt 
Payoff at the time of the relevant Redemption (as adjusted for depreciation 
or amortization of such Tax basis after the Redemption and prior to the 
relevant Taxable Year) divided by the total number of Units outstanding 
immediately after such Redemption, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall 
not be subsequently adjusted on account of changes in the number of Units 
outstanding as a result of issuances or redemptions of Units occurring 
after the date of the relevant Redemption.
 
Amended Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b) of this 
Agreement.
 
Assumed State and Local Tax Rate means, with respect to any Taxable Year, 
(a) the sum of the products of (i) the Corporate Taxpayers income and 
franchise tax apportionment factor(s) for each state and local jurisdiction 
in which Cactus LLC (or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries that are 
treated as a partnership or disregarded entity) or the Corporate Taxpayer 
files an income or franchise tax return for the relevant Taxable Year and 
(ii) the highest corporate income and franchise tax rate(s) for each state 
and local jurisdiction in which Cactus LLC (or any of its direct or 
indirect subsidiaries that are treated as a partnership or disregarded 
entity) or the Corporate Taxpayer files an income or franchise tax return 
for each relevant Taxable Year, reduced by (b) the product of (i) the 
highest marginal U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to the Corporate 
Taxpayer for the relevant Taxable Year (determined based on the calculation 
of the Hypothetical Tax Liability for the relevant Taxable Year) and (ii) 
the aggregate rate calculated under clause (a).
 
Attributable has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) of this 
Agreement.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Basis Adjustment means any adjustment to the Tax basis of a Reference 
Asset as a result of a Redemption and the payments made pursuant to this 
Agreement with respect to such Redemption (as calculated under Section 2.1 
of this Agreement), including, but not limited to: (i) under Section 743(b) 
of the Code (in situations where, following a Redemption, Cactus LLC 
remains classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes); 
and (ii) under Sections 732(b) and 1012 of the Code (in situations where, 
as a result of one or more Redemptions, Cactus LLC becomes an entity that 
is disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes).  For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of any Basis Adjustment 
resulting from a Redemption of Units shall be determined without regard to 
any Section 743(b) adjustment attributable to such Units prior to such 
Redemption; and, further, payments made under this Agreement shall not be 
treated as resulting in a Basis Adjustment to the extent such payments are 
treated as Imputed Interest.
 
Beneficial Owner and Beneficially Own shall be as defined in Rule 13d-3 
of the rules promulgated under the Exchange Act.
 
Board means the board of directors of the Corporate Taxpayer.
 
Business Day means Monday through Friday of each week, except that a 
legal holiday recognized as such by the government of the United States of 
America or the State of Texas shall not be regarded as a Business Day.
 
Cactus LLC has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement.
 
Cactus LLC Agreement means the First Amended and Restated Limited 
Liability Company Agreement of Cactus LLC, as amended from time to time.
 
Cactus WH Enterprises LLC Agreement means the Amended and Restated 
Operating Agreement of the Cactus WH Enterprises, LLC dated as of  January 
29, 2018.
 
Call Purchase has the meaning set forth in the Cactus LLC Agreement.
 
Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events or 
series of related events after the IPO Date:
 
      (i)               any Person (excluding any Qualifying Owner or any
      group of Qualifying Owners acting together which would constitute a
      group for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and
      excluding a corporation or other entity owned, directly or
      indirectly, by the stockholders of the Corporate Taxpayer in
      substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the
      Corporate Taxpayer) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
      indirectly, of securities of the Corporate Taxpayer representing more
      than 50% of the combined voting power of the Corporate Taxpayers
      then outstanding voting securities; or
 
      (ii)            there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the
      Corporate Taxpayer with any other corporation or other entity, and,
      immediately after the consummation of such merger or consolidation,
      the voting securities of the Corporate Taxpayer immediately prior to
      such merger or consolidation do not continue to represent or are not
      converted into more than 50% of the combined voting power of the
      then-outstanding
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      voting securities of the Person resulting from such merger or
      consolidation or, if the surviving company is a Subsidiary, the
      ultimate parent thereof; or
 
      (iii)         the stockholders of the Corporate Taxpayer approve a
      plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporate Taxpayer
      or there is consummated an agreement or series of related agreements
      for the sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by the
      Corporate Taxpayer of all or substantially all of the Corporate
      Taxpayers assets, other than such sale or other disposition by the
      Corporate Taxpayer of all or substantially all of the Corporate
      Taxpayers assets to an entity, at least 50% of the combined voting
      power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of
      the Corporate Taxpayer in substantially the same proportions as their
      ownership of the Corporate Taxpayer immediately prior to such sale.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, except with respect to clause (ii) above, a 
Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the 
consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions 
immediately following which the record holders of the shares of the 
Corporate Taxpayer immediately prior to such transaction or series of 
transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate 
ownership in, and own substantially all of the shares of, an entity which 
owns, either directly or through a Subsidiary, all or substantially all of 
the assets of the Corporate Taxpayer immediately following such transaction 
or series of transactions.
 
Class A Shares means shares of Class A common stock of the Corporate 
Taxpayer.
 
Code has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement (or any 
successor U.S. federal income Tax statute).
 
Control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct 
or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether 
through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
 
Corporate Taxpayer has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement.
 
Corporate Taxpayer Return means the U.S. federal income Tax Return of the 
Corporate Taxpayer (including any consolidated group of which the Corporate 
Taxpayer is a member, as further described in Section 7.12(a) of this 
Agreement) filed with respect to any Taxable Year.
 
Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit for a Taxable Year means the 
cumulative amount (but not less than zero) of Realized Tax Benefits for all 
Taxable Years of the Corporate Taxpayer, up to and including such Taxable 
Year, net of the cumulative amount of Realized Tax Detriments for the same 
period.  The Realized Tax Benefit and Realized Tax Detriment for each 
Taxable Year shall be determined based on the most recent Tax Benefit 
Payment Schedule or Amended Schedule, if any, in existence at the time of 
such determination.
 
Debt Payoff has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement.
 
Default Rate means a per annum rate of LIBOR plus 550 basis points.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Determination shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
1313(a) of the Code or any other event (including the execution of IRS Form 
870-AD) that finally and conclusively establishes the amount of any 
liability for Tax.
 
Dispute has the meaning set forth in Section 7.9(a) of this Agreement.
 
Early Termination has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1 of this 
Agreement.
 
Early Termination Date means the date of an Early Termination Notice for 
purposes of determining the Early Termination Payment.
 
Early Termination Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4 
of this Agreement.
 
Early Termination Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4 of this 
Agreement.
 
Early Termination Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 4.5(a) of 
this Agreement.
 
Early Termination Rate means a per annum rate of LIBOR plus 150 basis 
points.
 
Early Termination Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4 of 
this Agreement.
 
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, as the same may be amended from time to 
time (or any corresponding provisions of succeeding law).
 
Expert means Ernst & Young LLP or such nationally recognized expert in 
the particular area of disagreement as is mutually acceptable to the 
Corporate Taxpayer and the Agent.
 
Hypothetical Tax Liability means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the 
liability for U.S. federal income Taxes of the Corporate Taxpayer (using 
the same methods, elections, conventions, U.S. federal income tax rate and 
similar practices used on the relevant Corporate Taxpayer Return), but 
without taking into account (i) any Basis Adjustments, (ii) any Allocable 
Common Basis, (iii) any deduction attributable to Imputed Interest for the 
Taxable Year, and (iv) any Post-IPO TRA Benefits.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, Hypothetical Tax Liability shall be determined without taking into 
account the carryover or carryback of any U.S. federal income Tax item (or 
portions thereof) that is attributable to any Basis Adjustments, Imputed 
Interest, and any Post-IPO TRA Benefits. Furthermore, the Hypothetical Tax 
Liability shall be calculated using the actual deductions of (and other 
impacts of) state and local income and franchise Taxes (for the avoidance 
of doubt, in the same amount and manner used in the calculation of the 
Actual Tax Liability).
 
Imputed Interest means any interest imputed under Section 1272, 1274 or 
483 or other provision of the Code with respect to the Corporate Taxpayers 
payment obligations under this Agreement.
 
IPO means the initial public offering of shares by the Corporate 
Taxpayer.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IPO Date means the closing date of the IPO.
 
IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.
 
LIBOR means during any period, an interest rate per annum equal to the 
one-year LIBOR rate reported, on the date two (2) calendar days prior to 
the first day of such period, on the Telerate Page 3750 (or if such screen 
shall cease to be publicly available, as reported on Reuters Screen page 
LIBOR01 or by any other publicly available source of such market rate) 
for London interbank offered rates for United States dollar deposits for 
such period.
 
Majority TRA Holders means, at the time of any determination, TRA Holders 
who would be entitled to receive more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
aggregate amount of the Early Termination Payments payable to all TRA 
Holders hereunder (determined using such calculations of Early Termination 
Payments reasonably estimated by the Corporate Taxpayer) if the Corporate 
Taxpayer had exercised its right of early termination on such date.
 
Market Value means the closing price of the Class A Shares on the 
applicable Redemption Date on the national securities exchange or 
interdealer quotation system on which such Class A Shares are then traded 
or listed, as reported by Bloomberg L.P.; provided, that if the closing 
price is not reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the applicable Redemption Date, 
then the Market Value means the closing price of the Class A Shares on the 
Business Day immediately preceding such Redemption Date on the national 
securities exchange or interdealer quotation system on which such Class A 
Shares are then traded or listed, as reported by Bloomberg L.P.; provided 
further that if the Class A Shares are not then listed on a national 
securities exchange or interdealer quotation system, Market Value means 
the cash consideration paid for Class A Shares, or the fair market value of 
the other property delivered for Class A Shares, as determined by the Board 
in good faith.
 
Material Objection Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4 of 
this Agreement.
 
Net Tax Benefit has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) of this 
Agreement.
 
Objection Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this 
Agreement.
 
Payment Date means any date on which a payment is required to be made 
pursuant to this Agreement.
 
Person means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint 
venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, 
organization, governmental entity or other entity.
 
Post-IPO TRA means any tax receivable agreement (or comparable agreement) 
entered into by the Corporate Taxpayer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant 
to which the Corporate Taxpayer is obligated to pay over amounts with 
respect to tax benefits resulting from any increases in Tax basis, net 
operating losses or other tax attributes to which the Corporate Taxpayer 
becomes entitled as a result of a transaction (other than any Redemptions) 
after the date of this Agreement.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Post-IPO TRA Benefits means any tax benefits resulting from increases in 
Tax basis,  net operating losses or other tax attributes with respect to 
which the Corporate Taxpayer is obligated to make payments under a Post-IPO 
TRA.
 
Qualifying Owners means (i) Scott Bender, or any company of which he is 
the manager, managing member or he otherwise controls, including, but not 
limited to, Cactus WH Enterprises, LLC, (ii) any wife, lineal descendant, 
legal guardian or other legal representative or estate of Scott Bender; 
(iii) any trust of which at least one of the trustees is a person described 
in clause (i) or (ii) above, and (iv) Cadent Energy Partners II, L.P. and 
any affiliated funds or investment vehicles managed by Cadent Energy 
Partners, LLC.
 
Realized Tax Benefit means, for a Taxable Year, the sum of (i) the 
excess, if any, of the Hypothetical Tax Liability for such Taxable Year 
over the Actual Tax Liability for such Taxable Year and (ii) the State and 
Local Tax Benefit for such Taxable Year.  If all or a portion of the Actual 
Tax Liability for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by the 
IRS of any Taxable Year, such liability and the corresponding Hypothetical 
Tax Liability shall not be included in determining the Realized Tax Benefit 
unless and until there has been a Determination with respect to such Actual 
Tax Liability.
 
Realized Tax Detriment means, for a Taxable Year, the sum of (i) the 
excess, if any, of the Actual Tax Liability over the Hypothetical Tax 
Liability for such Taxable Year and (ii) the State and Local Tax Detriment 
for such Taxable Year.  If all or a portion of the Actual Tax Liability for 
the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by the IRS of any Taxable 
Year, such liability and the corresponding Hypothetical Tax Liability shall 
not be included in determining the Realized Tax Detriment unless and until 
there has been a Determination with respect to such Actual Tax Liability.
 
Reconciliation Dispute has the meaning set forth in Section 7.10 of this 
Agreement.
 
Reconciliation Procedures means the procedures described in Section 7.10 
of this Agreement.
 
Redemption means any transfer of Units by a TRA Holder, or by a permitted 
transferee of such TRA Holder pursuant to the Cactus LLC Agreement, to 
Cactus LLC or to the Corporate Taxpayer pursuant to the Redemption Right or 
a Call Purchase, as applicable.
 
Redemption Date means each date on which a Redemption is effective under 
the Cactus LLC Agreement.
 
Redemption Notice has the meaning set forth in the Cactus LLC Agreement.
 
Redemption Right means the redemption right of holders of Units set forth 
in Section 4.6 of the Cactus LLC Agreement.
 
Redemption Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of this 
Agreement.
 
Reference Asset means, with respect to any Redemption, an asset (other 
than cash or a cash equivalent) that is held by Cactus LLC, or any of its 
direct or indirect Subsidiaries that is treated as a partnership or 
disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes (but only to
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the extent such Subsidiaries are not held through any entity treated as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes), at the time of such 
Redemption.  A Reference Asset also includes any asset that is substituted 
basis property under Section 7701(a)(42) of the Code with respect to a 
Reference Asset.
 
Schedule means any of the following:  (i) a Redemption Schedule, (ii) a 
Tax Benefit Payment Schedule, or (iii) the Early Termination Schedule.
 
Senior Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 of this 
Agreement.
 
State and Local Tax Benefit means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if 
any, of the Hypothetical Tax Liability over the Actual Tax Liability; 
provided that, for purposes of determining the State and Local Tax Benefit, 
each of the Hypothetical Tax Liability and the Actual Tax Liability shall 
be calculated using the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate instead of the 
rate applicable for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
 
State and Local Tax Detriment means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if 
any, of the Actual Tax Liability over the Hypothetical Tax Liability; 
provided that, for purposes of determining the State and Local Tax 
Detriment, each of the Actual Tax Liability and the Hypothetical Tax 
Liability shall be calculated using the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate 
instead of the rate applicable for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
 
Subsidiaries means, with respect to any Person, as of any date of 
determination, any other Person as to which such Person, owns, directly or 
indirectly, or otherwise controls more than 50% of the voting power or 
other similar interests or the sole general partner interest or managing 
member or similar interest of such Person.
 
Tax Benefit Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) of this 
Agreement.
 
Tax Benefit Payment Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 of 
this Agreement.
 
Tax Proceeding has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1 of this 
Agreement.
 
Tax Receivable Agreements means this Agreement and any Post-IPO TRA.
 
Tax Return means any return, declaration, report or similar statement 
required to be filed with respect to Taxes (including any attached 
schedules), including, without limitation, any information return, claim 
for refund, amended return and declaration of estimated Tax.
 
Taxable Year means a taxable year of the Corporate Taxpayer as defined in 
Section 441(b) of the Code (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include 
a period of less than twelve (12) months for which a Tax Return is made), 
ending on or after the IPO Date.
 
Taxes means any and all U.S. federal, state and local taxes, assessments 
or similar charges that are based on or measured with respect to net income 
or profits, and any interest related to such Tax.
 
Taxing Authority means the IRS and any federal, national, state, county 
or municipal or other local government, any subdivision, agency, commission 
or authority thereof, or any
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
quasi-governmental body exercising any taxing authority or any other 
authority exercising Tax regulatory authority.
 
TRA Holder means each of those Persons set forth on Schedule A and their 
respective successors and permitted assigns pursuant to Section 7.6(a).
 
Transferor has the meaning set forth in Section 7.12(a) of this 
Agreement.
 
Treasury Regulations means the final, temporary and proposed regulations 
under the Code promulgated from time to time (including corresponding 
provisions and succeeding provisions) as in effect for the relevant Taxable 
Year.
 
Units has the meaning set forth in the Cactus LLC Agreement.
 
Valuation Assumptions means, as of an Early Termination Date, the 
assumptions that:
 
(i)                                                                         
            in each Taxable Year ending on or after such Early Termination 
Date, the Corporate Taxpayer will have taxable income sufficient to fully 
utilize the deductions arising from all Basis Adjustments (assuming, to the 
extent applicable, in calculating such deductions that the election under 
Section 168(k)(7) is made with respect to any actual or deemed Basis 
Adjustment arising from a Redemption made in the Taxable Year that includes 
the Early Termination Date or deemed to be made on the Early Termination 
Date pursuant to clause (v) of this definition), all Allocable Common Basis 
and the Imputed Interest during such Taxable Year or future Taxable Years 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Basis Adjustments and Imputed 
Interest that would result from future Tax Benefit Payments that would be 
paid in accordance with the Valuation Assumptions, further assuming such 
future Tax Benefit Payments would be paid on the due date, without 
extensions, for filing the Corporate Taxpayer Return for the applicable 
Taxable Year) in which such deductions would become available;
 
    (ii)                                  any loss or credit carryovers
    generated by deductions or losses arising from any Basis Adjustment,
    Allocable Common Basis or Imputed Interest (including such Basis
    Adjustment, Allocable Common Basis and Imputed Interest generated as a
    result of payments under this Agreement) that are available in the
    Taxable Year that includes the Early Termination Date will be utilized
    by the Corporate Taxpayer in the Taxable Year that includes the Early
    Termination Date;
 
    (iii)                               the U.S. federal, state and local
    income and franchise tax rates that will be in effect for each Taxable
    Year ending on or after such Early Termination Date will be those
    specified for each such Taxable Year by the Code and other law as in
    effect on the Early Termination Date except to the extent any change to
    such tax rates for such Taxable Year have already been enacted into
    law;
 
    (iv)                              any non-amortizable Reference Assets
    to which any Basis Adjustment or Allocable Common Basis is attributable
    will be disposed of in a fully taxable transaction for U.S. federal
    income tax purposes on the fifth anniversary of the Early Termination
    Date for an amount sufficient to fully utilize the Basis Adjustment or
    Allocable Common Basis, as applicable, with respect to such
    non-amortizable Reference Asset; provided, that in the event of a
    Change in Control which includes a taxable sale of such non-amortizable
    Reference Asset (including the sale of all of the equity interests in
    an entity classified as a
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    partnership or disregarded entity that directly or indirectly owns such
    non-amortizable Reference Asset), such non-amortizable Reference Asset
    shall be deemed disposed of at the time of the Change in Control; and
 
    (v)                                 if, at the Early Termination Date,
    there are Units that have not been transferred in a Redemption, then
    all Units shall be deemed to be transferred pursuant to the Redemption
    Right effective on the Early Termination Date.
 
Section 1.2                                  Other Definitional and 
Interpretative Provisions.  The words hereof, herein and hereunder 
and words of like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this 
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. 
 References to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules are to Articles, 
Sections, Exhibits and Schedules of this Agreement unless otherwise 
specified.  All Exhibits and Schedules annexed hereto or referred to herein 
are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set 
forth in full herein. Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit or Schedule 
but not otherwise defined therein, shall have the meaning as defined in 
this Agreement.  Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to 
include the plural, and any plural term the singular.  Whenever the words 
include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall 
be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, whether or not 
they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import.  
Writing, written and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and 
other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible 
form. References to any agreement or contract are to that agreement or 
contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof.  References to any Person include the 
successors and permitted assigns of that Person. References from or through 
any date mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through 
and including, respectively.
 
ARTICLE II
DETERMINATION OF CERTAIN REALIZED TAX BENEFITS
 
Section 2.1                                  Redemption Schedules.  Within 
ninety (90) calendar days after the filing of the Corporate Taxpayer Return 
for each Taxable Year in which any Redemption has been effected by a TRA 
Holder, the Corporate Taxpayer shall deliver to the Agent a schedule (the 
Redemption Schedule) that shows, in reasonable detail necessary to perform 
the calculations required by this Agreement, including with respect to each 
TRA Holder participating in any Redemption during such Taxable Year, (i) 
the Basis Adjustments with respect to the Reference Assets as a result of 
the Redemptions effected by such TRA Holder in such Taxable Year, (ii) the 
Allocable Common Basis attributable to the Units that were the subject of a 
Redemption effected by such TRA Holder in such Taxable Year, and (iii) the 
period (or periods) over which such Basis Adjustments and Allocable Common 
Basis are amortizable and/or depreciable.
 
Section 2.2                                  Tax Benefit Payment Schedules
.
 
(a)                               Within ninety (90) calendar days after 
the filing of the Corporate Taxpayer Return for any Taxable Year in which 
there is a Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment, the Corporate 
Taxpayer shall provide to the Agent: (i) a schedule showing, in reasonable 
detail, (A) the calculation of the Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax 
Detriment for such Taxable
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Year, (B) the portion of the Net Tax Benefit, if any, that is Attributable 
to each TRA Holder who has participated in any Redemption, (C) the Accrued 
Amount with respect to any such Net Tax Benefit that is Attributable to 
such TRA Holder, (D) the Tax Benefit Payment due to each such TRA Holder, 
and (E) the portion of such Tax Benefit Payment that the Corporate Taxpayer 
intends to treat as Imputed Interest (a Tax Benefit Payment Schedule), 
(ii) a reasonably detailed calculation by the Corporate Taxpayer of the 
Hypothetical Tax Liability, (iii) a reasonably detailed calculation by the 
Corporate Taxpayer of the Actual Tax Liability, (iv) a copy of the 
Corporate Taxpayer Return for such Taxable Year, and (v) any other work 
papers reasonably requested by the Agent.  In addition, the Corporate 
Taxpayer shall allow the Agent reasonable access at no cost to the 
appropriate representatives of the Corporate Taxpayer in connection with a 
review of such Tax Benefit Payment Schedule.  The Tax Benefit Payment 
Schedule will become final as provided in Section 2.3(a) and may be amended 
as provided in Section 2.3(b) (subject to the procedures set forth in 
Section 2.3(b)).
 
(b)                               For purposes of calculating the Realized 
Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for any Taxable Year, carryovers or 
carrybacks of any U.S. federal income Tax item attributable to the Basis 
Adjustments, Allocable Common Basis, Imputed Interest, and any Post-IPO TRA 
Benefits shall be considered to be subject to the rules of the Code and the 
Treasury Regulations, as applicable, governing the use, limitation and 
expiration of carryovers or carrybacks of the relevant type.  If a 
carryover or carryback of any U.S. federal income Tax item includes a 
portion that is attributable to the Basis Adjustment, Allocable Common 
Basis, Imputed Interest, or any Post-IPO TRA Benefits, and another portion 
that is not so attributable, such respective portions shall be considered 
to be used in accordance with the with and without methodology.  The 
parties agree that (i) any payment under this Agreement (to the extent 
permitted by law and other than amounts accounted for as Imputed Interest) 
will be treated as a subsequent upward adjustment to the purchase price of 
the relevant Units and will have the effect of creating additional Basis 
Adjustments to Reference Assets for the Corporate Taxpayer in the year of 
payment, and (ii) as a result, such additional Basis Adjustments will be 
incorporated into the current year calculation and into future year 
calculations, as appropriate.
 
Section 2.3                                  Procedure; Amendments.
 
(a)                               An applicable Schedule or amendment 
thereto shall become final and binding on all parties thirty (30) calendar 
days from the first date on which the Agent has received the applicable 
Schedule or amendment thereto unless (i) the Agent, within thirty (30) 
calendar days after receiving an applicable Schedule or amendment thereto, 
provides the Corporate Taxpayer with notice of a material objection to such 
Schedule (Objection Notice) made in good faith or (ii) the Agent provides 
a written waiver of such right of any Objection Notice within the period 
described in clause (i) above, in which case such Schedule or amendment 
thereto becomes binding on the date a waiver from the Agent has been 
received by the Corporate Taxpayer.  If the Corporate Taxpayer and Agent, 
for any reason, are unable to successfully resolve the issues raised in an 
Objection Notice within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the 
Corporate Taxpayer of such Objection Notice, the Corporate Taxpayer and 
Agent shall employ the Reconciliation Procedures under Section 7.10 or 
Resolution of Disputes procedures under Section 7.9, as applicable.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                               The applicable Schedule for any Taxable 
Year may be amended from time to time by the Corporate Taxpayer (i) in 
connection with a Determination affecting such Schedule, (ii) to correct 
inaccuracies in the Schedule identified as a result of the receipt of 
additional factual information relating to a Taxable Year after the date 
the Schedule was provided to the Agent, (iii) to comply with the Experts 
determination under the Reconciliation Procedures, (iv) to reflect a change 
in the Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year 
attributable to a carryback or carryforward of a loss or other Tax item to 
such Taxable Year, (v) to reflect a change in the Realized Tax Benefit or 
Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year attributable to an amended 
Corporate Taxpayer Return filed for such Taxable Year or (vi) to adjust a 
Redemption Schedule to take into account payments made pursuant to this 
Agreement (any such Schedule, an Amended Schedule).  The Corporate 
Taxpayer shall provide an Amended Schedule to the Agent within sixty (60) 
calendar days of the occurrence of an event referenced in clauses (i) 
through (vi) of the preceding sentence.  For the avoidance of doubt, in the 
event a Schedule is amended after such Schedule becomes final pursuant to 
Section 2.3(a), the Amended Schedule shall not be taken into account in 
calculating any Tax Benefit Payment in the Taxable Year to which the 
amendment relates but instead shall be taken into account in calculating 
the Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit for the Taxable Year in which the 
amendment actually occurs.
 
Section 2.4                                  Section 754 Election. In its 
capacity as the sole managing member of Cactus LLC, the Corporate Taxpayer 
will ensure that, on and after the date hereof and continuing throughout 
the term of this Agreement, Cactus LLC and any of its eligible Subsidiaries 
will have in effect an election pursuant to Section 754 of the Code (and 
under any similar provisions of applicable U.S. state or local law).
 
ARTICLE III
TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS
 
Section 3.1                                  Payments.
 
(a)                               Within five (5) Business Days after a Tax 
Benefit Payment Schedule delivered to the Agent becomes final in accordance 
with Section 2.3(a), the Corporate Taxpayer shall pay to each TRA Holder 
the Tax Benefit Payment in respect of such TRA Holder determined pursuant 
to Section 3.1(b) for such Taxable Year.  Each such payment shall be made 
by check, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank 
account previously designated by the TRA Holder to the Corporate Taxpayer, 
or as otherwise agreed by the Corporate Taxpayer and the TRA Holder.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, no Tax Benefit Payment shall be made in respect of 
estimated Tax payments, including, without limitation, U.S. federal or 
state estimated income Tax payments.
 
(b)                               A Tax Benefit Payment in respect of a 
TRA Holder for a Taxable Year means an amount, not less than zero, equal to 
the sum of the portion of the Net Tax Benefit Attributable to such TRA 
Holder and the Accrued Amount with respect thereto.  The Net Tax Benefit 
for a Taxable Year shall be an amount equal to the excess, if any, of 85% 
of the Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit as of the end of such Taxable 
Year over the sum of (i) the total amount of payments previously made under 
this Section 3.1 (excluding payments attributable to Accrued Amounts) and 
(ii) the total amount of Tax Benefit Payments previously made under the
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
corresponding provision of any Post-IPO TRA; provided, for the avoidance of 
doubt, that no TRA Holder shall be required to return any portion of any 
previously made Tax Benefit Payment. Subject to Section 3.3, the portion of 
the Net Tax Benefit for a Taxable Year that is Attributable to a TRA 
Holder is the portion of such Net Tax Benefit that it is derived from any 
(i) any Basis Adjustment or Allocable Common Basis that was attributable, 
at the time of the relevant Redemption, to the Units acquired or deemed 
acquired by the Corporate Taxpayer in a Redemption undertaken by or with 
respect to such TRA Holder or (ii) any Imputed Interest with respect to Tax 
Benefit Payments made to such TRA Holder. The Accrued Amount with respect 
to any portion of a Net Tax Benefit shall equal an amount determined in the 
same manner as interest on such portion of the Net Tax Benefit for a 
Taxable Year calculated at the Agreed Rate from the due date (without 
extensions) for filing the Corporate Taxpayer Return for such Taxable Year 
until the Payment Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, for Tax purposes, the 
Accrued Amount shall not be treated as interest but shall instead be 
treated as additional consideration for the acquisition of Units in a 
Redemption unless otherwise required by law.
 
(c)                                Notwithstanding any provision of this 
Agreement to the contrary, a TRA Holder may elect, by notifying the 
Corporate Taxpayer in writing in connection with the delivery of the 
relevant Redemption Notice, to limit the aggregate Tax Benefit Payments to 
be made to such TRA Holder, with respect to the related Redemption, to (i) 
a percentage specified by such TRA Holder in its written notification of 
(ii) the amount equal to the sum of (A) any cash, excluding any Tax Benefit 
Payments, received by such TRA Holder in the relevant Redemption and (B) 
the aggregate Market Value of the Class A Shares received by such TRA 
Holder in such Redemption, provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that such 
amount shall not include any Imputed Interest with respect to such 
Redemption. An election made by a TRA Holder pursuant to this Section 
3.1(c) may not be revoked.
 
Section 3.2                                  No Duplicative Payments.  It 
is intended that the provisions of this Agreement will not result in 
duplicative payment of any amount (including interest) required under the 
Tax Receivable Agreements.  It is also intended that the provisions of the 
Tax Receivable Agreements will result in 85% of the Cumulative Net Realized 
Tax Benefit, and the Accrued Amount thereon, being paid to the Persons to 
whom payments are due pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreements.  The 
provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in the appropriate manner 
to achieve these fundamental results.
 
Section 3.3                                  Pro Rata Payments; 
Coordination of Benefits with Other Tax Receivable Agreements.
 
(a)                               Notwithstanding anything in Section 3.1 
to the contrary, to the extent that the aggregate amount of the Corporate 
Taxpayers tax benefit subject to the Tax Receivable Agreements is limited 
in a particular Taxable Year because the Corporate Taxpayer does not have 
sufficient taxable income in such Taxable Year to fully utilize available 
deductions and other attributes:
 
    (i)             the limitation on the tax benefit for the Corporate
    Taxpayer shall first be allocated among the Tax Receivable Agreements
    as follows: (A) first among any Post-IPO TRAs (and then among all
    Persons eligible for payments thereunder in the manner set forth in
    such Post-IPO TRAs) and (B) then, to the extent of any remaining
    limitation
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    on tax benefit for the Corporate Taxpayer after the application of
    clause (A), to this Agreement (and then among all TRA Holders as set
    forth in Section 3.3(a)(ii) below) (for the avoidance of doubt, for
    purposes of this Section 3.1(a)(i), it is intended that in calculating
    the Corporate Taxpayers tax benefit subject to the Tax Receivable
    Agreements, any available taxable income of the Corporate Taxpayer be
    first allocated to this Agreement and any remaining available taxable
    income will then be allocated to any Post-IPO TRA); and
 
    (ii)          if any part of the limitation on the tax benefit is
    allocated to this Agreement, such allocated limitation shall be further
    allocated among all TRA Holders in proportion to the respective portion
    of the Net Tax Benefit that would have been Attributable to each such
    TRA Holder in such Taxable Year under this Agreement if the Corporate
    Taxpayer had sufficient taxable income in such Taxable Year so that
    there was no such limitation; provided that if any portion of the Net
    Tax Benefit for such Taxable Year results from the carryback of a loss
    or other Tax item to such Taxable Year from a later Taxable Year (for
    the avoidance of doubt, carrybacks of losses and other Tax items from
    more than one later Taxable Year shall be used in the order prescribed
    in the applicable rules of the Code and the Treasury Regulations), no
    part of the limitation shall be allocated to the tax benefits set forth
    on the Schedule prior to its amendment to reflect the carryback and any
    limitation shall instead be applied to the tax benefits carried back
    and such limitation shall be further allocated among all TRA Holders in
    proportion to the respective portion of the Net Tax Benefit that would
    have been Attributable to each such TRA Holder in the Taxable Year in
    which such carried back losses or other Tax items arose under this
    Agreement if the Corporate Taxpayer had sufficient taxable income in
    such Taxable Year so that there was no such limitation.
 
(b)                               After taking into account Section 3.3(a)
, if for any reason the Corporate Taxpayer does not fully satisfy its 
payment obligations to make all Tax Benefit Payments due under the Tax 
Receivable Agreements in respect of a particular Taxable Year, then (i) the 
Corporate Taxpayer will pay the same proportion of each Tax Benefit Payment 
due to each Person to whom a payment is due under each of the Tax 
Receivable Agreements in respect of such Taxable Year, without favoring one 
obligation over the other, and (ii) no Tax Benefit Payment shall be made in 
respect of any Taxable Year until all Tax Benefit Payments in respect of 
prior Taxable Years have been made in full.
 
(c)                                To the extent the Corporate Taxpayer 
makes a payment to a TRA Holder in respect of a particular Taxable Year 
under Section 3.1(a) of this Agreement (taking into account Section 3.3(a) 
and (a)(i), but excluding payments attributable to Accrued Amounts) in an 
amount in excess of the amount of such payment that should have been made 
to such TRA Holder in respect of such Taxable Year, then (i) such TRA 
Holder shall not receive further payments under Section 3.1(a) until such 
TRA Holder has foregone an amount of payments equal to such excess and (ii) 
the Corporate Taxpayer will pay the amount of such TRA Holders foregone 
payments to the other Persons to whom a payment is due under the Tax 
Receivable Agreements in a manner such that each such Person to whom a 
payment is due under the Tax Receivable Agreements, to the maximum extent 
possible, receives aggregate payments under Section 3.1(a) or the 
comparable section of the other Tax Receivable Agreement(s), as applicable 
(in each case, taking into account Section 3.3(a) and (a)(i) or the 
comparable section of the other Tax Receivable
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Agreement(s), but excluding payments attributable to Accrued Amounts) in 
the amount it would have received if there had been no excess payment to 
such TRA Holder.
 
(d)                               The parties hereto agree that the parties 
to any Post-IPO TRA are expressly made third party beneficiaries of the 
provisions of this Section 3.3.
 
ARTICLE IV
TERMINATION
 
Section 4.1                                  Early Termination at Election 
of the Corporate Taxpayer.  The Corporate Taxpayer may terminate this 
Agreement at any time by paying to each TRA Holder the Early Termination 
Payment due to such TRA Holder pursuant to Section 4.5(a) (such 
termination, an Early Termination); provided that the Corporate Taxpayer 
may withdraw any notice of exercise of its termination rights under this 
Section 4.1 prior to the time at which any Early Termination Payment has 
been paid.  Upon payment of the Early Termination Payment by the Corporate 
Taxpayer, the Corporate Taxpayer shall not have any further payment 
obligations under this Agreement, other than for any Tax Benefit Payment 
previously due and payable but unpaid as of the Early Termination Notice 
and, except to the extent included in the Early Termination Payment, any 
Tax Benefit Payment due for any Taxable Year ending prior to, with or 
including the Early Termination Date.  Upon payment of all amounts provided 
for in this Section 4.1, this Agreement shall terminate.
 
Section 4.2                                  Early Termination upon Change 
of Control.  In the event of a Change of Control, all obligations hereunder 
shall be accelerated and such obligations shall be calculated as if an 
Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the closing date of the 
Change of Control and shall include, but not be limited to the following: 
(a) payment of the Early Termination Payment calculated as if an Early 
Termination Notice had been delivered on the effective date of a Change of 
Control, (b) payment of any Tax Benefit Payment previously due and payable 
but unpaid as of the Early Termination Notice, and (c) except to the extent 
included in the Early Termination Payment or if included as a payment under 
clause (b) of this Section 4.2, payment of any Tax Benefit Payment due for 
any Taxable Year ending prior to, with or including the effective date of a 
Change of Control.  In the event of a Change of Control, the Early 
Termination Payment shall be calculated utilizing the Valuation Assumptions 
and by substituting in each case the terms the closing date of a Change of 
Control for an Early Termination Date.
 
Section 4.3                                  Breach of Agreement.
 
(a)                               In the event that the Corporate Taxpayer 
breaches any of its material obligations under this Agreement, whether as a 
result of failure to make any payment within three (3) months of the date 
when due, as a result of failure to honor any other material obligation 
required hereunder or by operation of law as a result of the rejection of 
this Agreement in a case commenced under the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, 
then if the Majority TRA Holders so elect, such breach shall be treated as 
an Early Termination.  Upon such election, all obligations hereunder shall 
be accelerated and such obligations shall be calculated as if an Early 
Termination Notice had been delivered on the date of such breach and shall 
include, but shall not be limited to, (i) the Early Termination Payment 
calculated as if an Early Termination Notice had been
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
delivered on the date of a breach, (ii) any Tax Benefit Payment previously 
due and payable but unpaid as of the date of the breach, and (iii) except 
to the extent included in the Early Termination Payment or if included as a 
payment under clause (ii) of this Section 4.3(a), any Tax Benefit Payment 
due for any Taxable Year ending prior to, with or including the date of the 
breach.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporate 
Taxpayer breaches this Agreement, if the Majority TRA Holders do not elect 
to treat such breach as an Early Termination pursuant to this Section 
4.3(a), the TRA Holders shall be entitled to seek specific performance of 
the terms hereof.
 
(b)                               The parties agree that the failure of the 
Corporate Taxpayer to make any payment due pursuant to this Agreement 
within three (3) months of the date such payment is due shall be deemed to 
be a breach of a material obligation under this Agreement for all purposes 
of this Agreement, and that it shall not be considered to be a breach of a 
material obligation under this Agreement to make a payment due pursuant to 
this Agreement within three (3) months of the date such payment is due.  
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, except in the 
case of an Early Termination Payment or any payment treated as an Early 
Termination Payment, it shall not be a breach of this Agreement if the 
Corporate Taxpayer fails to make any Tax Benefit Payment when due to the 
extent that the Corporate Taxpayer has insufficient funds available to 
make, or to the extent that the Corporate Taxpayer is contractually 
constrained from making, such payment in the Corporate Taxpayers sole 
judgment exercised in good faith; provided that the interest provisions of 
Section 5.2 shall apply to such late payment (unless the Corporate Taxpayer 
does not have sufficient cash to make such payment as a result of 
limitations imposed by any credit agreement to which Cactus LLC or any 
subsidiary of Cactus LLC is a party, in which case Section 5.2 shall apply, 
but the Default Rate shall be replaced by the Agreed Rate); provided 
further that it shall be a breach of this Agreement, and the provisions of 
Section 4.3(a) shall apply as of the original due date of the Tax Benefit 
Payment, if the Corporate Taxpayer makes any distribution of cash or other 
property (other than Class A Shares) to its stockholders while any Tax 
Benefit Payment is due and payable but unpaid.  The Corporate Taxpayer 
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain sufficient 
available funds for the purpose of making Tax Benefit Payments under this 
Agreement and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to avoid 
entering into loan agreements that could be reasonably anticipated to 
materially delay the timing of any Tax Benefit Payments under this 
Agreement.
 
Section 4.4                                  Early Termination Notice.  If 
the Corporate Taxpayer chooses to exercise its right of early termination 
under Section 4.1 above, the Corporate Taxpayer shall deliver to the Agent 
notice of such intention to exercise such right (the Early Termination 
Notice).  Upon delivery of the Early Termination Notice or the occurrence 
of an event described in Section 4.2 or Section 4.3(a), the Corporate 
Taxpayer shall deliver (i) a schedule showing in reasonable detail the 
calculation of the Early Termination Payment (the Early Termination 
Schedule) and (ii) any other work papers related to the calculation of the 
Early Termination Payment reasonably requested by the Agent.  In addition, 
the Corporate Taxpayer shall allow the Agent reasonable access at no cost 
to the appropriate representatives of the Corporate Taxpayer in connection 
with a review of such Early Termination Schedule.  The Early Termination 
Schedule shall become final and binding on all parties thirty (30) calendar 
days from the first date on which the Agent has received such Schedule or 
amendment thereto unless (x) the Agent, within thirty (30) calendar days 
after receiving the Early Termination Schedule, provides the Corporate 
Taxpayer and each other Agent with notice of a material objection to such 
Schedule made in good faith
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(Material Objection Notice) or (y) the Agent provides a written waiver of 
such right of a Material Objection Notice within the period described in 
clause (x) above, in which case such Schedule becomes binding on the date a 
waiver from the Agent has been received by the Corporate Taxpayer (the 
Early Termination Effective Date).  If the Corporate Taxpayer and Agent, 
for any reason, are unable to successfully resolve the issues raised in 
such notice within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the Corporate 
Taxpayer of the Material Objection Notice, the Corporate Taxpayer and Agent 
shall employ the Reconciliation Procedures under Section 7.10 or Resolution 
of Disputes procedures under Section 7.9, as applicable.
 
Section 4.5                                  Payment upon Early Termination
.
 
(a)                               Subject to its right to withdraw any 
notice of Early Termination pursuant to Section 4.1, within three (3) 
Business Days after the Early Termination Effective Date, the Corporate 
Taxpayer shall pay to each TRA Holder its Early Termination Payment.  Each 
such payment shall be made by check, by wire transfer of immediately 
available funds to a bank account or accounts designated by the TRA Holder, 
or as otherwise agreed by the Corporate Taxpayer and the TRA Holder.
 
(b)                               A TRA Holders Early Termination Payment
 as of the Early Termination Date shall equal, with respect to each TRA 
Holder, the present value, discounted at the Early Termination Rate as of 
the Early Termination Date, of all Tax Benefit Payments that would be 
required to be paid by the Corporate Taxpayer to such TRA Holder beginning 
from the Early Termination Date and assuming that the Valuation Assumptions 
are applied.
 
ARTICLE V
SUBORDINATION AND LATE PAYMENTS
 
Section 5.1                                  Subordination.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any 
Tax Benefit Payment, Early Termination Payment or any other payment under 
this Agreement shall rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to any 
principal, interest or other amounts due and payable in respect of any 
obligations in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money of the Corporate 
Taxpayer and its Subsidiaries (such obligations, Senior Obligations) and 
shall rank pari passu with all current or future unsecured obligations of 
the Corporate Taxpayer that are not Senior Obligations.  For the avoidance 
of doubt, notwithstanding the above, the determination of whether it is a 
breach of this Agreement if the Corporate Taxpayer fails to make any Tax 
Benefit Payment or other payment under this Agreement when due is governed 
by Section 4.3(b). To the extent that any payment under this Agreement is 
not permitted to be made at the time payment is due as a result of this 
Section 5.1 and the terms of the agreements governing Senior Obligations, 
such payment obligation nevertheless shall accrue for the benefit of the 
TRA Holders and the Corporate Taxpayer shall make such payments at the 
first opportunity that such payments are permitted to be made in accordance 
with the terms of the Senior Obligations.
 
Section 5.2                                  Late Payments by the Corporate 
Taxpayer.  The amount of all or any portion of any Tax Benefit Payment, 
Early Termination Payment or any other payment under this Agreement not 
made to any TRA Holder when due under the terms of this Agreement, whether 
as a result of Section 5.1 and the terms of the Senior Obligations or 
otherwise, shall be
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
payable together with any interest thereon, computed at the Default Rate  
(or, if so provided in Section 4.3(b), at the Agreed Rate) and commencing 
from the date on which such Tax Benefit Payment, Early Termination Payment 
or any other payment under this Agreement was due and payable.
 
ARTICLE VI
NO DISPUTES; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION
 
Section 6.1                                  Participation in the Corporate 
Taxpayers and Cactus LLCs Tax Matters.  Except as otherwise provided 
herein or in the Cactus LLC Agreement, the Corporate Taxpayer shall have 
full responsibility for, and sole discretion over, all Tax matters 
concerning the Corporate Taxpayer and Cactus LLC, including without 
limitation preparing, filing or amending any Tax Return and defending, 
contesting or settling any issue pertaining to Taxes.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Corporate Taxpayer shall notify the Agent of, and keep the 
Agent reasonably informed with respect to, the portion of any audit, 
examination, or any other administrative or judicial proceeding (a Tax 
Proceeding) of the Corporate Taxpayer or Cactus LLC by a Taxing Authority 
the outcome of which could be reasonably expected to affect the rights and 
obligations of the TRA Holders under this Agreement, and shall provide the 
Agent with reasonable opportunity to provide information and other input to 
the Corporate Taxpayer, Cactus LLC and their respective advisors concerning 
the conduct of any such portion of a Tax Proceeding; provided, however, 
that the Corporate Taxpayer shall not settle or otherwise resolve any part 
of a Tax Proceeding described in the previous clause that relates to a 
Basis Adjustment, any Allocable Common Basis or the deduction of Imputed 
Interest (and, in each case, that is reasonably expected to have a material 
effect on the TRA Holders rights under this Agreement) without the consent 
of the Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned 
or delayed; provided further, that the Corporate Taxpayer and Cactus LLC 
shall not be required to take any action, or refrain from taking any 
action, that is inconsistent with any provision of the Cactus LLC 
Agreement.
 
Section 6.2                                  Consistency.  Unless there is 
a Determination to the contrary, the Corporate Taxpayer and the TRA Holders 
agree to report, and to cause their respective Subsidiaries to report, for 
all purposes, including U.S. federal, state and local Tax purposes and 
financial reporting purposes, all Tax-related items (including, without 
limitation, the Basis Adjustments, any Allocable Common Basis and each Tax 
Benefit Payment), but, for financial reporting purposes, only in respect of 
items that are not explicitly characterized as deemed or in a similar 
manner by the terms of this Agreement, in a manner consistent with the 
description of any Tax characterization herein (including as set forth in  
Section 2.2(b) and Section 3.1(b) and any Schedule required to be provided 
by or on behalf of the Corporate Taxpayer under this Agreement, as finally 
determined pursuant to Section 2.3).  If the Corporate Taxpayer and any TRA 
Holder, for any reason, are unable to successfully resolve any disagreement 
concerning such treatment within thirty (30) calendar days, the Corporate 
Taxpayer and such TRA Holder shall employ the Reconciliation Procedures 
under Section 7.10 or Resolution of Disputes procedures under Section 7.9, 
as applicable.
 
Section 6.3                                  Cooperation.  Each TRA Holder 
shall (i) furnish to the Corporate Taxpayer in a timely manner such 
information, documents and other materials as the Corporate Taxpayer may 
reasonably request for purposes of making any determination or computation
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
necessary or appropriate under this Agreement, preparing any Tax Return or 
contesting or defending any Tax Proceeding, (ii) make itself available to 
the Corporate Taxpayer and its representatives to provide explanations of 
documents and materials and such other information as the Corporate 
Taxpayer or its representatives may reasonably request in connection with 
any of the matters described in clause (i) above, and (iii) reasonably 
cooperate in connection with any such matter.  The Corporate Taxpayer shall 
reimburse the TRA Holder for any reasonable third-party costs and expenses 
incurred pursuant to this Section 6.3.
 
ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 7.1                                  Notices.  All notices, 
requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be 
sufficient in all respects if given in writing, in English and by personal 
delivery (if signed for receipt), by certified or registered United States 
mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), by a nationally 
recognized overnight delivery service for next day delivery, transmitted 
via facsimile transmission or transmitted via electronic mail (following 
appropriate confirmation of receipt by return email, including an automated 
confirmation of receipt) and shall be deemed to have been made and the 
receiving party charged with notice, when received except that if received 
after 5:00 p.m. (in the recipients time zone) on a Business Day or if 
received on a day that is not a Business Day, such notice, request or 
communication will not be effective until the next succeeding Business Day. 
All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to 
such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to 
receive such notice:
 
  If to the Corporate Taxpayer, to:
 
    Cactus, Inc.
    Cobalt Center
    920 Memorial City Way, Suite 300
    Houston, Texas 77024
    Attention:  Scott Bender
    Telephone:           (713) 396-5750
    Facsimile:                 (713) 626-8800
    Email:                                    
    Scott.Bender@cactuswellhead.com
   
  with a copy (which shall not constitute notice to the Corporate Taxpayer)
  to:
 
    Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
    666 Fifth Avenue
  26th Floor
    New York, NY 10103-0040
    Attention: Adorys Velazquez
    Telephone:           (212) 237-0036
    Facsimile:                 (212) 237-0100
    Email:                                    avelazquez@velaw.com
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  If to the Agent, to:
 
    Cadent Management Services, LLC
  800 Westchester Avenue
  Suite S-436
    Rye Brook, NY 10573
    Attention:                 Bruce Rothstein
    Telephone:           (203) 638-5000
    Email:                                    rothstein@cadentenergy.com
 
    If to a TRA Holder, other than the Agent, that is or was a partner in
    Cactus LLC, to:
 
    The address set forth in the records of Cactus LLC.
 
Any party may change its address or fax number by giving the other party 
written notice of its new address or fax number in the manner set forth 
above.
 
Section 7.2                                  Counterparts.  This Agreement 
may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be 
considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one 
or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered 
to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign 
the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page to this 
Agreement by facsimile transmission or otherwise (including an 
electronically executed signature page) shall be as effective as delivery 
of a manually signed counterpart of this Agreement.
 
Section 7.3                                  Entire Agreement; No Third 
Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, 
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  This 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each 
party hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and 
nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall 
confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature 
whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly 
provided in Section 3.3.
 
Section 7.4                                  Governing Law.  This Agreement 
and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Delaware, 
without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof that would 
mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
 
Section 7.5                                  Severability.  If any term or 
other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being 
enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of 
this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long 
as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby 
is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such 
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or 
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good 
faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the 
parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the 
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated 
to the greatest extent possible.
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 7.6                                  Successors; Assignment.
 
(a)                               No TRA Holder may assign this Agreement 
to any person without the prior written consent of the Corporate Taxpayer; 
provided, however, that
 
    (i)             to the extent Units are transferred in accordance with
    the terms of the Cactus LLC Agreement, the transferring TRA Holder
    shall have the option to assign to the transferee of such Units the
    transferring TRA Holders rights under this Agreement with respect to
    such transferred Units as long as such transferee has executed and
    delivered, or, in connection with such transfer, executes and delivers,
    a joinder to this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably
    satisfactory to the Corporate Taxpayer, agreeing to become a TRA
    Holder for all purposes of this Agreement, and
 
    (ii)          the right to receive any and all payments payable or that
    may become payable to a TRA Holder pursuant to this Agreement that,
    once a Redemption has occurred, arise with respect to the Units
    transferred in such Redemption, may be assigned to any Person or
    Persons as long as any such Person has executed and delivered, or, in
    connection with such assignment, executes and delivers, a joinder to
    this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
    Corporate Taxpayer, agreeing to be bound by Section 7.13 and
    acknowledging specifically the terms of Section 7.6(b).
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a TRA Holder transfers Units but does not 
assign to the transferee of such Units the rights of such TRA Holder under 
this Agreement with respect to such transferred Units, such TRA Holder 
shall continue to be entitled to receive the Tax Benefit Payments, if any, 
due hereunder with respect to, including any Tax Benefit Payments arising 
in respect of a subsequent Redemption of, such Units.
 
(b)                               Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions 
of this Section 7.6, no assignee described in Section 7.6(a)(ii) shall have 
any rights under this Agreement except for the right to enforce its right 
to receive payments under this Agreement.
 
(c)                                The Person designated as the Agent may 
not be changed without the prior written consent of the Corporate Taxpayer 
and the Majority TRA Holders.
 
(d)                               Except as otherwise specifically provided 
herein, all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding 
upon, shall inure to the benefit of and shall be enforceable by the parties 
hereto and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, 
administrators and legal representatives.  The Corporate Taxpayer shall 
cause any direct or indirect successor (whether by purchase, merger, 
consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or 
assets of the Corporate Taxpayer, by written agreement, expressly to assume 
and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same 
extent that the Corporate Taxpayer would be required to perform if no such 
succession had taken place.
 
Section 7.7                                  Amendments.  No provision of 
this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment is approved in writing 
by each of the Corporate Taxpayer and the Majority TRA Holders; provided, 
however, that no such amendment shall be effective if such amendment would 
have a disproportionate effect on the payments certain TRA Holders will or 
may receive
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
under this Agreement unless all such disproportionately affected TRA 
Holders consent in writing to such amendment.
 
Section 7.8                                  Titles and Subtitles. The 
titles of the sections and subsections of this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing 
this Agreement.
 
Section 7.9                                  Resolution of Disputes.
 
(a)                               Any and all disputes which are not 
governed by Section 7.10, including any ancillary claims of any party, 
arising out of, relating to or in connection with the validity, 
negotiation, execution, interpretation, performance or non-performance of 
this Agreement (including the validity, scope and enforceability of this 
Section 7.9 and Section 7.10) (each a Dispute) shall be governed by this 
Section 7.9.  The parties hereto shall attempt in good faith to resolve all 
Disputes by negotiation.  If a Dispute between the parties hereto cannot be 
resolved in such manner, such Dispute shall be finally settled by 
arbitration conducted by a single arbitrator in accordance with the 
then-existing rules of arbitration of the American Arbitration Association. 
If the parties to the Dispute fail to agree on the selection of an 
arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days of the receipt of the request for 
arbitration, the American Arbitration Association shall make the 
appointment. The arbitrator shall be a lawyer admitted to the practice of 
law in a U.S. state, or a nationally recognized expert in the relevant 
subject matter, and shall conduct the proceedings in the English language.  
Performance under this Agreement shall continue if reasonably possible 
during any arbitration proceedings.  In addition to monetary damages, the 
arbitrator shall be empowered to award equitable relief, including an 
injunction and specific performance of any obligation under this Agreement. 
 The arbitrator is not empowered to award damages in excess of compensatory 
damages, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any right to recover 
punitive, exemplary or similar damages with respect to any Dispute.  The 
award shall be the sole and exclusive remedy between the parties regarding 
any claims, counterclaims, issues, or accounting presented to the arbitral 
tribunal.  Judgment upon any award may be entered and enforced in any court 
having jurisdiction over a party or any of its assets.
 
(b)                               Notwithstanding the provisions of 
Section 7.9(a), the Corporate Taxpayer may bring an action or special 
proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of 
compelling a party to arbitrate, seeking temporary or preliminary relief in 
aid of an arbitration hereunder, and/or enforcing an arbitration award and, 
for the purposes of this Section 7.9(a), the Agent and each TRA Holder (i) 
expressly consents to the application of Section 7.9(c) to any such action 
or proceeding, (ii) agrees that proof shall not be required that monetary 
damages for breach of the provisions of this Agreement would be difficult 
to calculate and that remedies at law would be inadequate, and (iii) 
irrevocably appoints the Corporate Taxpayer as agent of such party for 
service of process in connection with any such action or proceeding and 
agrees that service of process upon such agent, who shall promptly advise 
such party in writing of any such service of process, shall be deemed in 
every respect effective service of process upon such party in any such 
action or proceeding.
 
(c)                                EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO 
THE JURISDICTION OF ANY FEDERAL COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE OR THE 
DELAWARE COURT OF CHANCERY FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY JUDICIAL
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF PARAGRAPH (B) OF 
THIS SECTION 7.9 OR ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING ANCILLARY TO AN ARBITRATION OR 
CONTEMPLATED ARBITRATION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO OR CONCERNING THIS 
AGREEMENT.  Such ancillary judicial proceedings include any suit, action or 
proceeding to compel arbitration, to obtain temporary or preliminary 
judicial relief in aid of arbitration, or to confirm an arbitration award.  
The parties acknowledge that the fora designated by this Section 7.9(c) 
have a reasonable relation to this Agreement, and to the parties 
relationship with one another.
 
(d)                               The parties hereby waive, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which they now or 
hereafter may have to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of 
any such ancillary suit, action or proceeding brought in any court referred 
to in Section 7.9(c) and such parties agree not to plead or claim the same.
 
Section 7.10                           Reconciliation.  In the event that 
the Agent and the Corporate Taxpayer are unable to resolve a disagreement 
with respect to the calculations required to produce the schedules 
described in Section 2.3, Section 4.4 and Section 6.1 (but not, for the 
avoidance doubt, with respect to any legal interpretation with respect to 
such provisions or schedules) within the relevant period designated in this 
Agreement (Reconciliation Dispute), the Reconciliation Dispute shall be 
submitted for determination to the Expert.  The Expert shall be a partner 
or principal in a nationally recognized accounting or law firm, and unless 
the Corporate Taxpayer and the Agent agree otherwise, the Expert shall not, 
and the firm that employs the Expert shall not, have any material 
relationship with the Corporate Taxpayer or the Agent or other actual or 
potential conflict of interest.  If the parties are unable to agree on an 
Expert within fifteen (15) calendar days of receipt by the respondent(s) of 
written notice of a Reconciliation Dispute, the Expert shall be appointed 
by the American Arbitration Association.  The Expert shall resolve (a) any 
matter relating to the Exchange Schedule or an amendment thereto or the 
Early Termination Schedule or an amendment thereto within thirty (30) 
calendar days, (b) any matter relating to a Tax Benefit Payment Schedule or 
an amendment thereto within fifteen (15) calendar days , and (c) any matter 
related to treatment of any tax-related item as contemplated in Section 6.2 
within fifteen (15) calendar days, or, in each case, as soon thereafter as 
is reasonably practicable after such matter has been submitted to the 
Expert for resolution.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the 
matter is not resolved before any payment that is the subject of a 
disagreement would be due (in the absence of such disagreement) or any Tax 
Return reflecting the subject of a disagreement is due, any portion of such 
payment that is not under dispute shall be paid on the date prescribed by 
this Agreement and such Tax Return may be filed as prepared by the 
Corporate Taxpayer, subject to adjustment or amendment upon resolution.  
The costs and expenses relating to the engagement of such Expert or 
amending any Tax Return shall be borne by the Corporate Taxpayer except as 
provided in the next sentence.  The Corporate Taxpayer and the Agent shall 
each bear its own costs and expenses of such proceeding, unless (i) the 
Expert adopts the Agents position (as determined by the Expert), in which 
case the Corporate Taxpayer shall reimburse the Agent for any reasonable 
out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding, or (ii) the Expert 
adopts the Corporate Taxpayers position (as determined by the Expert), in 
which case the Agent shall reimburse the Corporate Taxpayer for any 
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding.  Any 
dispute as to whether a dispute is a Reconciliation Dispute within the 
meaning of this Section 7.10 shall be decided by the Expert.  The Expert 
shall finally determine any Reconciliation Dispute and the determinations 
of the
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Expert pursuant to this Section 7.10 shall be binding on the Corporate 
Taxpayer and its Subsidiaries and the Agent and the TRA Holders and may be 
entered and enforced in any court having jurisdiction.
 
Section 7.11                           Withholding.  The Corporate Taxpayer 
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any payment payable pursuant 
to this Agreement such amounts as the Corporate Taxpayer is required to 
deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the 
Code or any provision of U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax law.  
To the extent that amounts are so withheld and paid over to the appropriate 
Taxing Authority by the Corporate Taxpayer, such withheld amounts shall be 
treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the 
relevant TRA Holder.
 
Section 7.12                           Admission of the Corporate Taxpayer 
into a Consolidated Group; Transfers of Corporate Assets.
 
(a)                               If the Corporate Taxpayer is or becomes a 
member of an affiliated or consolidated group of corporations that files a 
consolidated income Tax Return pursuant to Sections 1501 et seq. of the 
Code or any corresponding provisions of U.S. state or local Tax law, then: 
(i) the provisions of this Agreement shall be applied with respect to the 
group as a whole; and (ii) Tax Benefit Payments, Early Termination Payments 
and other applicable items hereunder shall be computed with reference to 
the consolidated taxable income of the group as a whole.
 
(b)                               If the Corporate Taxpayer (or any other 
entity that is obligated to make a Tax Benefit Payment or Early Termination 
Payment hereunder), Cactus LLC or any of Cactus LLCs direct or indirect 
Subsidiaries that is treated as a partnership or disregarded entity for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes (but only to the extent such Subsidiaries 
are not held through any entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes) (a Transferor) transfers one or more Reference 
Assets to a corporation (or a Person classified as a corporation for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes) with which the Transferor does not file a 
consolidated Tax Return pursuant to Section 1501 of the Code, the 
Transferor, for purposes of calculating the amount of any Tax Benefit 
Payment or Early Termination Payment (e.g., calculating the gross income of 
the entity and determining the Realized Tax Benefit of such entity) due 
hereunder, shall be treated as having disposed of such Reference Assets in 
a fully taxable transaction on the date of such contribution.  The 
consideration deemed to be received by the Transferor shall be equal to the 
gross fair market value of the transferred Reference Assets.  For purposes 
of this Section 7.12(a), a transfer of a partnership interest shall be 
treated as a transfer of the Transferors share of each of the assets and 
liabilities of that partnership.
 
Section 7.13                           Confidentiality.
 
(a)                               The Agent, each TRA Holder and each of 
the TRA Holders assignees acknowledges and agrees that the information of 
the Corporate Taxpayer is confidential and, except in the course of 
performing any duties as necessary for the Corporate Taxpayer and its 
Affiliates, as required by law or legal process or to enforce the terms of 
this Agreement, such Person shall keep and retain in the strictest 
confidence and not disclose to any Person any confidential matters, 
acquired pursuant to this Agreement, of the Corporate Taxpayer and its 
Affiliates and successors, concerning Cactus LLC and its Affiliates and 
successors or the TRA
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Holders, learned by the Agent or any TRA Holder heretofore or hereafter.  
This Section 7.13 shall not apply to (i) any information that has been made 
publicly available by the Corporate Taxpayer or any of its Affiliates, 
becomes public knowledge (except as a result of an act of the Agent or a 
TRA Holder in violation of this Agreement) or is generally known to the 
business community and (ii) the disclosure of information (A) as may be 
proper in the course of performing such TRA Holders obligations, or 
monitoring or enforcing such TRA Holders rights, under this Agreement, (B) 
as part of such TRA Holders normal reporting, rating or review procedure 
(including normal credit rating and pricing process), or in connection with 
such TRA Holders or such TRA Holders Affiliates normal fund raising, 
financing, marketing, informational or reporting activities, or to such TRA 
Holders (or any of its Affiliates) or its direct or indirect owners or 
Affiliates, auditors, accountants, employees, attorneys or other agents, 
(C) to any bona fide prospective assignee of such TRA Holders rights under 
this Agreement, or prospective merger or other business combination partner 
of such TRA Holder, provided that such assignee or merger partner agrees to 
be bound by the provisions of this Section 7.13, (D) as is required to be 
disclosed by order of a court of competent jurisdiction, administrative 
body or governmental body, or by subpoena, summons or legal process, or by 
law, rule or regulation; provided that any TRA Holder required to make any 
such disclosure to the extent legally permissible shall provide the 
Corporate Taxpayer prompt notice of such disclosure, or to regulatory 
authorities or similar examiners conducting regulatory reviews or 
examinations (without any such notice to the Corporate Taxpayer), or (E) to 
the extent necessary for a TRA Holder or its direct or indirect owners to 
prepare and file its Tax Returns, to respond to any inquiries regarding 
such Tax Returns from any Taxing Authority or to prosecute or defend any 
Tax Proceeding with respect to such Tax Returns.  Notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary herein, the Agent (and each employee, representative or 
other agent of Agent or its assignees, as applicable) and each TRA Holder 
and each of its assignees (and each employee, representative or other agent 
of such TRA Holder or its assignees, as applicable) may disclose to any and 
all Persons, without limitation of any kind, the Tax treatment and Tax 
structure of the Corporate Taxpayer, Cactus LLC, the Agent, the TRA Holders 
and their Affiliates, and any of their transactions, and all materials of 
any kind (including opinions or other Tax analyses) that are provided to 
the Agent or the TRA Holder relating to such Tax treatment and Tax 
structure.
 
(b)                               If the Agent or an assignee or a TRA 
Holder or an assignee commits a breach, or threatens to commit a breach, of 
any of the provisions of this Section 7.13, the Corporate Taxpayer shall 
have the right and remedy to have the provisions of this Section 7.13 
specifically enforced by injunctive relief or otherwise by any court of 
competent jurisdiction without the need to post any bond or other security, 
it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach 
shall cause irreparable injury to the Corporate Taxpayer or any of its 
Subsidiaries or the TRA Holders and that money damages alone shall not 
provide an adequate remedy to such Persons.  Such rights and remedies shall 
be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies 
available at law or in equity.
 
Section 7.14                           No More Favorable Terms.  None of 
the Corporate Taxpayer nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into any 
additional agreement providing rights similar to this Agreement to any 
Person (including any agreement pursuant to which the Corporate Taxpayer is 
obligated to pay amounts with respect to tax benefits resulting from any 
increases in Tax basis, net operating losses or other tax attributes to 
which the Corporate Taxpayer becomes entitled as a result of a transaction) 
if such agreement provides terms that are more favorable to the 
counterparty under
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
such agreement than those provided to the TRA Holders under this Agreement; 
provided, however, that the Corporate Taxpayer (or any of its Subsidiaries) 
may enter into such an agreement if this Agreement is amended to make such 
more favorable terms available to the TRA Holders.
 
Section 7.15                           Change in Law. Notwithstanding 
anything herein to the contrary, if, in connection with an actual or 
proposed change in law, a TRA Holder reasonably believes that the existence 
of this Agreement (a) could cause income (other than income arising from 
receipt of a payment under this Agreement) recognized by such TRA Holder 
upon any Redemption that as of the date of this Agreement would be treated 
as capital gain to instead be treated as ordinary income or to be otherwise 
taxed at ordinary income rates for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (b) 
would have other material adverse tax consequences to such TRA Holder 
and/or its direct or indirect owners, then, in either case, at the election 
of such TRA Holder and to the extent specified by such TRA Holder, this 
Agreement (c) (i) shall cease to have further effect, (ii) shall not apply 
to a Redemption by such TRA Holder occurring after a date specified by it, 
or (iii) shall otherwise be amended in a manner determined by such TRA 
Holder to waive any benefits to which such TRA Holder would otherwise be 
entitled under this Agreement, provided that such amendment shall not 
result in an increase in or acceleration of payments under this Agreement 
at any time as compared to the amounts and times of payments that would 
have been due in the absence of such amendment.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporate Taxpayer, the Agent, and the TRA Holders 
have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
 
 
CORPORATE TAXPAYER:
 
 
 
CACTUS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
 
Name: Scott Bender
 
 
Title: President, CEO and Director
 
 
 
 
 
AGENT:
 
 
 
CADENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES, LLC
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Bruce Rothstein
 
 
Name: Bruce Rothstein
 
 
Title: Managing Member
 
[The signatures of the TRA Holders are attached in Schedule A.]
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE A
TRA HOLDERS
 
Signatures of TRA Holders
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
BENDER INVESTMENT COMPANY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
 
Name: Scott Bender
 
 
Title: President
 
 
 
 
 
CADENT ENERGY PARTNERS II, L.P.:
 
 
 
By:
Cadent Energy Partners II GP, L.P.,
 
 
its general partner
 
 
 
By:
CEP II-GP, LLC, its general Partner
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Bruce Rothstein
 
 
Name: Bruce Rothstein
 
 
Title: Managing Director
 
 
 
 
 
CACTUS WH ENTERPRISES, LLC
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
 
Name: Scott Bender
 
 
Title: President
 
Signatures of TRA Holders
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
signatures of other Individuals who Are TRA Holders
 
Signatures of TRA Holders
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Signatures of TRA Holders
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Signatures of TRA Holders
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Signatures of TRA Holders
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------