 EX-10.2 5 d496783dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

Amended and Restated
Gas Purchase, Gathering and Processing Agreement

Between

ARP Oklahoma, LLC
Supplier

And

SemGas, L.P.
Processor

SemGas, L.P., Agreement # 13-SG1022
Agreement Date: August 1, 2013

Agreement Effective Date: August 1, 2013
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AMENDED AND RESTATED
GAS PURCHASE, GATHERING AND PROCESSING AGREEMENT

This AMENDED AND RESTATED GAS PURCHASE, GATHERING AND PROCESSING AGREEMENT 
(Agreement) (SemGas, L.P. Contract # 13-SG1022), is made and entered into 
by and between SEMGAS, L.P., an Oklahoma Limited Partnership, hereinafter 
referred to as Processor, and ARP OKLAHOMA, LLC, an Oklahoma Limited 
Liability Company, hereinafter referred to as Supplier and is effective 
as of August 1, 2013 (Effective Date).

WHEREAS, Supplier has certain Gas available requiring gathering services 
and has the right to have such Gas processed;

WHEREAS, Supplier desires to have Processor purchase, gather and process or 
cause the Gas to be processed;

WHEREAS, Processor desires to purchase, gather and process the Gas, or 
cause the Gas to be processed;

WHEREAS, Processor had a Gas Purchase, Gathering and Processing Agreement 
dated November 1, 2005 with Altex Resources, Inc. (Original Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Original Agreement was amended effective January 1, 2011 among 
other things to reflect the name change of Altex Resources, Inc. to Equal 
Energy US Inc.;

WHEREAS, the Original Agreement as amended was amended again effective 
September 21, 2012 to reflect the assignment from Equal Energy US Inc. to 
ARP Oklahoma, LLC;

WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend and restate the agreement in its 
entirety so that the parties understanding and agreement will be contained 
in a single document which will supersede and replace all prior agreements 
as of the Effective Date;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreement and covenants 
herein contained, Supplier and Processor agree, as follows:


ARTICLE I
DEDICATION AND INTENT

1.1 Dedication and Gas Delivery Rights. Supplier commits and agrees to 
deliver and sell to Processor, and Processor agrees to receive and purchase 
from Supplier, all Gas produced from all formations and wells now or 
hereafter located upon the leases or lands described on the attached 
Exhibit D to this Agreement (the Committed Area). Supplier agrees to use 
commercially reasonable efforts to secure the dedication of its working 
interest owners either by their ratification of this Agreement or, in the 
alternative, Supplier will execute a Joint Operating Agreement with its 
working interest owners which provides that Supplier has the right to 
commit to this Agreement l00% of the working interest of the wells in the 
Committed Area. In the event that, prior to the date of the Original 
Agreement, Supplier had dedicated any of
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Suppliers Gas produced from the Committed Area to a third party, such 
interest will not be dedicated under this Agreement until the termination 
of the agreement with the third party. At the termination of the third 
party agreement, the prior dedicated interest will become dedicated to 
Processor under this Agreement. By virtue of oil and gas leases, fee 
interests, mineral interests, contractual arrangements, or other legal 
right, Supplier owns the right to sell during the term hereof all the Gas 
from the Committed Area.

1.2 Connection Obligations. Processor shall, subject to the terms hereof, 
have the obligation to construct and/or maintain a sufficient length of 
pipe designed to operate at the pressures set forth herein to connect any 
Gas well(s) in the Committed Area from which Supplier produces Gas that is 
subject to this Agreement. Supplier shall construct the required gathering 
pipelines and metering facilities concurrently with the development and 
completion of new wells within the Committed Area which are contemplated to 
produce Gas. Supplier shall provide Processor with sufficient information 
and advance notice regarding the drilling and development plans of Supplier 
to allow Processor to contract for services, procure equipment and 
materials, secure permits, right-of-way, or licenses in a prudent, timely 
and commercially reasonable manner. Processor and Supplier shall coordinate 
construction and the drilling activities of Supplier and schedules so as to 
minimize interference between construction and drilling activities. If 
Processor is unable to connect the additional well(s) within thirty (30) 
days after completion of such well, then Supplier shall have the option, 
but not the obligation, to release the subject well to a third party except 
in cases where such inability of Processor to connect is due to a Force 
Majeure condition. In the case of Force Majeure, Processor shall receive an 
extension until Force Majeure issue is resolved.

1.3 Remote Connections, Extension of Gathering Facilities. In the event 
Processor connects to Suppliers well(s) beyond two miles from existing 
pipelines, then Supplier will guarantee delivery of an additional 500,000 
MMBtu multiplied by the actual length in miles of each separate gathering 
system that is beyond two miles from existing Gathering Facilities 
(expressed in tenths (1/10th) of a mile) (Additional Connect Amount). The 
Supplier shall deliver to Processor the Additional Connect Amount within 
three years from the date of connection. In the event the full Additional 
Connect Amount is not provided within the allowed three years, or prior to 
expiration of the Agreement, Supplier agrees to pay Processor a Well 
Connect Fee equal to the (Additional Connect Amount less the amount 
actually provided toward the Additional Connect Amount at either the end of 
three years or as of date of expiration) multiplied by $.53. The Well 
Connect Fee shall be paid within 30 days of either the end of the three 
year period or expiration of the Agreement whichever is less. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Suppliers well is so remote that, in 
Processors sole judgment, Processor cannot, even with the exercise of due 
diligence and commercially reasonable efforts, either connect the remote 
well to the Gathering Facilities or secure services from a third-party 
processor/gatherer within thirty (30) days after completion of such well, 
whether any of the conditions of Article X apply or not, then Processor 
shall receive an extension of time, as mutually agreed to by Supplier and 
Processor, sufficient to complete the connection of the well and Supplier 
shall not have an option to release the well to a third party during the 
course of such extension.

1.4 Gathering and Processing. Processor will construct, own and operate a 
Gas pipeline and Gas gathering facilities located in the vicinity of the 
Committed Area within the State of Oklahoma (collectively the Gathering 
Facilities). Processor shall cause the Gas from the Committed Area 
measured at the Receipt Points (Committed Gas) to be gathered. The
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Committed Gas less the Field Fuel Gas shall be referred to herein as the 
Plant Inlet Volume. Processor shall cause the Plant Inlet Volume, to be 
processed at Processors Gas processing plant(s), any future Gas processing 
plants installed by Processor, or at a third party Gas processing plant(s) 
(each a Plant), including, without limitation, those more particularly 
described on Exhibit C hereto. Processor agrees to process the Plant Inlet 
Volume at the Plant for the removal of Liquid Hydrocarbons contained in the 
Plant Inlet Volume, subject to the terms and limitations set forth herein.

1.5 Suppliers Representative. In the event this Agreement is ratified by 
other working interest owners, such ratifying parties shall be bound by the 
terms and provisions of this Agreement as if each was a party designated 
Supplier under this Agreement. In such event, each party-Supplier hereto 
initially designates ARP Oklahoma, LLC to serve as their representative 
hereunder to do and perform all acts and duties required with respect to 
such partys obligations to tender or to deliver Gas hereunder in the 
amounts and in the manner provided herein, to receive statements for all 
Gas delivered hereunder, to allocate the total volumes delivered and to 
receive and distribute such payments due and payable to each such party. 
Processor may act, and shall be fully protected in acting, in reliance upon 
any and all such acts and things done or performed by the representative on 
behalf of each such party as fully and effectively as though each had done, 
performed, made or executed the same. Any notice, request, demand, 
statement or payment to Supplier under this Agreement, shall be sent to the 
representative as provided herein. Such parties may change their 
representative and designate one (1) of their number as the new 
representative from time to time by delivery of written notice of such 
change, signed by all such parties to Processor.


ARTICLE II
DEFINITIONS

2.1 Accounting Period shall mean a period from nine oclock (9:00) a.m. 
on the first day of a calendar month to nine oclock (9:00) a.m. on the 
first day of the next succeeding calendar month, or such other mutually 
agreed to period of time; provided, however, that the Initial Accounting 
Period shall commence at nine oclock (9:00) a.m. on the Initial 
Processing Date (as defined in Paragraph 2.19 of this Agreement) and shall 
continue for a period of consecutive calendar days until nine oclock 
(9:00) a.m. on the first day of the next succeeding calendar month.

2.2 Additional Connect Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
1.3.

2.3 Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

2.4 British Thermal Unit herein called Btu shall mean the amount of 
heat required to raise the temperature of one pound of water 1 degree from 
59 to 60 degrees Fahrenheit. MMBtu shall mean 1,000,000 Btus.

2.5 Comingled Residue Gas shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section.4.2.

2.6 Committed Area shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.

2.7 Committed Gas shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.8 Cubic Foot of Gas herein called cf shall mean the amount of gas 
required to fill a cubic foot of space at a base pressure of 14.73 psia and 
at a base temperature of 60 degrees Fahrenheit. Mcf shall mean 1,000 cfs. 
MMcf shall mean 1,000,000 cfs. MMcfd shall mean MMcf per day.

2.9 Day shall mean a period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours 
beginning and ending at nine oclock (9:00) a.m. Central Daylight or 
Standard time, whichever is in effect, or such other mutually agreed to 
period of time.

2.10 Delivery Point(s) shall mean the point(s) where the meter(s) is 
located at the outlet of the Plant at the interconnection with the 
Gathering Facilities or Downstream Pipeline.

2.11 Downstream Pipeline shall mean the existing pipeline immediately 
downstream of the Delivery Point(s) established hereunder.

2.12 Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

2.13 Field Fuel Gas shall mean the fuel and losses consumed in operation 
of the Gathering Facilities, including field compression and dehydration. 
The applicable field fuel percentage set forth in the following table shall 
be used for purposes of calculating Field Fuel Gas:
 
Gathering System
Contract Pressure
   	Monthly Average Total Gas delivered to Receipt
Points including all third party volumes, for the
Accounting Period (each Plant) 	   	Field Fuel
Percentage 	 
 50 psig
   	0  5,000 Mcfd 	   	  	10% 	 
 50 psig
   	5,001 Mcfd 10,000 Mcfd 	   	  	8.5% 	 
 50 psig
   	Greater than 10,000 Mcfd 	   	  	7% 	 

Field Fuel Gas for purposes of this Agreement is agreed to equal the 
applicable field fuel percentage (from the preceding table) multiplied by 
the Committed Gas measured at the Receipt Points (in MMBtus).

2.14 Force Majeure shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.

2.15 Gas shall mean natural gas as produced in its natural state 
including gas from gas wells and casinghead gas produced in association 
with crude oil that meets the quality standards contained in this 
Agreement.

2.16 Gathering Facilities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
1.4.

2.17 Gross Heating Value shall mean the number of Btus produced by the 
complete combustion, at constant pressure, of the amount of Gas which would 
occupy a volume of 1.0 cf at a temperature of 60° Fahrenheit on a 
water-free basis and at a pressure of 14.73 psia and under standard 
gravitational force (32.17 ft per sec per sec) with air of the same 
temperature and
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
pressure as the Gas, when the products of combustion are cooled to the 
initial temperature of the Gas and air, and when the vapors produced by 
combustion have condensed to the liquid state. The Gross Heating Value at 
each Receipt Point(s) shall be deemed to be saturated.

2.18 Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.

2.19 Initial Processing Date shall mean the first day of flow of gas from 
the Delivery Point.

2.20 Liquid Hydrocarbon Product(s) shall mean oil, condensate, and 
liquefiable hydrocarbons (including, to the extent contained in Plant Inlet 
Volume, ethane, propane, butane, and natural gasoline products and mixtures 
thereof, and shall include methane to the extent that removal thereof is 
necessary in removing other liquefiable hydrocarbons) removed from the 
Plant Inlet Volume by mechanical separation, extraction, condensation, 
compression, absorption, stripping, refrigeration, fractionation, or other 
gas processing.

2.21 Liquid Hydrocarbons shall have the same meaning as Liquid 
Hydrocarbon Products and shall also mean such Liquid Hydrocarbon Products 
while components of Plant Inlet Volume (in gaseous or liquid form).

2.22 Party shall mean Processor or Supplier individually. Parties 
shall mean Processor and Supplier collectively.

2.23 Plant shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4.

2.24 Plant Fuel Gas shall mean the fuel gas, flared gas, lost and 
unaccounted for gas, and electricity involved in operation of the Plant. 
Plant Fuel Gas for purposes of this Agreement is agreed to equal four and 
one-half percent (4.5%) of the Plant Inlet Volume (in MMBtus).

2.25 Plant Inlet Volume Shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4.

2.26 Primary Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.

2.27 Processor shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

2.28 psia shall mean pounds per square inch absolute.

2.29 psig shall mean pounds per square inch gauge.

2.30 Receipt Point(s) shall mean the existing point(s) and new point(s) 
to be added by Supplier to Processors Gathering Facilities where Processor 
installs meter(s) to accomplish the measurement of the Committed Gas. For 
purposes hereof, a Receipt Point will be defined as a wellhead as 
designated by Supplier, and mutually agreed to by the Parties in writing, 
now or hereafter located upon the leases or lands within the Committed 
Areas. Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, each well connected to 
Processors Gathering Facilities shall have its own separate and distinct 
metering facility at the wellhead
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.31 Residue Gas and Residue Gas Stream shall mean that Gas from the 
Plant Inlet Volume which remains after Shrinkage due to processing and 
Plant Fuel Gas requirements at the Plant or a third party processing plant.

2.32 Settlement Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5.4.

2.33 Shrinkage shall mean the reduction in the volume and Btu content of 
the Plant Inlet Volume which occurs as a result of the removal of Liquid 
Hydrocarbons contained therein as determined under Paragraph V of Exhibit 
A.

2.34 Supplier shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Intentionally Deleted
2.36 T & F shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

2.37 Well Connect Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.


ARTICLE III
GATHERING AND PROCESSING OF COMMITTED GAS

3.1 Quantity of Committed Gas to be delivered to the Receipt Point(s). 
Subject to the other terms and provisions hereof, Supplier shall deliver, 
or cause to be delivered, to Processor at the Receipt Point(s), all 
Committed Gas now or hereafter produced by and/or under contract to 
Supplier from the Committed Area. Suppliers obligation to deliver 
Committed Gas and Processors obligation to receive such Committed Gas 
shall be subject to Processor receiving the Committed Gas tendered at the 
Receipt Point(s) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Additionally, in 
recognition of the desirability of maintaining a uniform rate of flow of 
Gas for processing, Supplier agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts 
to cause production schedules to be regulated on a day-by-day basis so that 
Committed Gas shall be made available at the Receipt Point(s) at as uniform 
a flow rate as possible.

3.2 Line Pressure. Processor, at its sole cost and expense, shall install 
sufficient compression and/or line size to maintain an initial maximum 
daily average line pressure of 50 psig at Processors metering facilities 
at each of the Receipt Point(s). The maximum daily line pressure will be 50 
psig at each Receipt Point. If Processor fails to maintain a maximum daily 
average line pressure of 50 psig due to Processors equipment, Gathering 
Facilities or compression unit for a period of thirty (30) days during any 
rolling sixty (60) day period, Processor, after consultation with Supplier, 
shall release sufficient volumes to Supplier to allow the maximum daily 
average pressure to be brought back to 50 psig. Release of volumes shall be 
done on a well-by-well basis; e.g., if excess volumes are estimated at 500 
Mcfd, Processor will release an individual well or wells equaling such 
amount from this Agreement. If Processors failure to maintain a maximum 
daily average line pressure of 50 psig is due to Suppliers addition of a 
well or wells, Processor shall have a period of sixty (60) days from the 
date of initial production from said well(s) to bring the daily average 
line pressure down to the maximum of 50 psig, or at Suppliers option, 
Processor will release the gas from this Agreement until Processor has 
remedied the issue.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.3 Processors Duty to Accept Delivery. Subject to the other terms and 
provisions of this Agreement, commencing with the Initial Processing Date, 
Processor shall accept all of the Committed Gas delivered to the Receipt 
Point(s). If at any time or from time to time, Processor is unable to 
process or cause to be processed all or any part of the Plant Inlet Volume 
for any reason provided in Article X, Processor, upon notice to Supplier, 
may reduce the receipt of the Plant Inlet Volume or bypass such Plant Inlet 
Volume around the Plant and deliver it to the Delivery Point(s) without 
processing. Processor may elect to bypass a portion of the Plant Inlet 
Volume; however, in such case the resulting combined Residue Gas Stream 
shall meet the specifications of the pipeline receiving the Residue Gas. 
Furthermore, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties, such reduction or 
bypassing of Plant Inlet Volume may be done only in proportion that the Gas 
of other suppliers is so reduced or bypassed per contractual obligations 
with such other suppliers.


ARTICLE IV
PROCESSING AND RESIDUE GAS

4.1 Processing of Products. Processor shall process or cause others to 
process the Plant Inlet Volume, except for the Gas which bypasses 
processing under Paragraph 3.3 above. Such processing shall separate Liquid 
Hydrocarbons Products from the Plant Inlet Volume including, but not 
limited to, ethane, propane, butane and natural gasoline. The portion of 
the Liquid Hydrocarbons which shall be allocable to the Plant Inlet Volume 
shall be determined in accordance with Article IV of the Accounting 
Procedure attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement.

4.2 Commingled Residue Stream. Supplier hereby expressly acknowledges that 
the Plant Inlet Volume will be commingled with other Gas delivered to 
Processor by third parties so that a commingled Residue Gas stream (the 
Commingled Residue Gas) will remain after the processing of the Plant 
Inlet Volume and third party Gas delivered for processing. Processor or the 
operator of the third party plant shall obtain its Plant Fuel Gas from the 
Commingled Residue Gas and Supplier hereby authorizes such use. The 
Suppliers share of the Commingled Residue Gas shall be determined in 
accordance with Section 5.2 hereof and Article VI of the Accounting 
Procedure attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement.

4.3 Responsibilities of Processor in the Operations of the Plant and 
Gathering Facilities. Processor shall operate its Plant and Processors 
Gathering Facilities in material compliance with local, state and federal 
laws, rules and regulations; provided, however, that Processor shall not be 
liable to Supplier hereunder except for Processors gross negligence or 
willful misconduct. Processor shall provide all maintenance, repair work, 
materials, supplies, electrical power, technical supervision and operating 
personnel required to operate Gathering Facilities.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE V
COMPENSATION

5.1 Liquid Hydrocarbon Compensation. Processor shall purchase the Liquid 
Hydrocarbons included in the Plant Inlet Volume by paying to Supplier 95% 
of proceeds received by Processor pursuant to Section 7.1 for the fixed NGL 
Recovery percentages set forth below.

The fixed NGL recoveries for settlement purposes will be as follows:
 
 Ethane
   	  	50 	% 
 Propane
   	  	90 	% 
 Butanes
   	  	93 	% 
 Natural gasoline
   	  	95 	% 

5.2 Residue Gas Compensation. Processor shall purchase all Residue Gas 
included in the Plant Inlet Volume after subtracting the Plant Fuel Gas 
(calculated as a percentage of the entire Plant Inlet Volume) by paying to 
Supplier 95% of the proceeds received by Processor for such Gas as set 
forth in Section 7.2. For purpose of clarity it is understood that the 
entire Plant Fuel Gas amount including any amounts that might be 
attributable to the Liquid Hydrocarbons shall be deducted from just the 
Residue Gas.

5.3 Gathering Fee. Supplier shall pay Processor an additional gathering fee 
of $.32 per MMBtu based on the amount of the Committed Gas at the Receipt 
Point. Such fee will be upwardly adjusted annually beginning January 1, 
2014 to reflect one-half of the 2013 adjustment, and on a calendar year 
basis thereafter in accordance with the Consumer Price Index Urban 
(CPI-U.)

5.4 Settlement Statement Payment. Processor shall provide to Supplier a 
statement setting forth the calculation of the Settlement Amount (the 
Settlement Statement) in sufficient detail and with all supporting data 
as reasonably required by Supplier to verify such Settlement Amount. 
Processor shall transmit the Settlement Statement to Supplier by the last 
calendar day of each month with respect to the Gas gathered and processed 
hereunder during the preceding month. Processor shall net the amount due 
Processor against the amount due Supplier and shall pay, or invoice as a 
result of such netting, the Settlement Amount indicated on the Settlement 
Statement not later than the fourth calendar day of the second month 
following the month in which deliveries were made. All payments made 
hereunder whether from Processor or Supplier shall be made by electronic 
funds transfer or ACH.


ARTICLE VI
QUALITY OF COMMITTED GAS

6.1 No Removal of Liquid Hydrocarbons. Supplier agrees that it shall not 
deliver to the Receipt Point(s) any Committed Gas which has had Liquid 
Hydrocarbons removed except for any Liquid Hydrocarbons which may be 
recovered incidental to the removal of free water from the Gas by 
conventional mechanical field separators upstream of the Receipt Point(s), 
which Liquid Hydrocarbons shall remain the property of Supplier. Any Liquid 
Hydrocarbons, drip, condensate or scrubber oil collected in the Gathering 
Facilities or Plant by Processor shall remain the property of Processor.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.2 Quality of Committed Gas and Residue Gas. Committed Gas delivered to 
the Receipt Point(s) under this Agreement shall meet the quality 
specifications set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto and by this reference 
made a part hereof. If any of the Committed Gas shall fail to meet the 
quality specifications set forth in Exhibit B, Processor shall have the 
right, at its option, to either: (a) accept and process or cause to be 
processed such Gas, or (b) refuse to accept deliveries of such Gas for 
processing (even though Processor may accept such deliveries for 
transportation). Similarly, the Residue Gas, upon leaving the Plant, shall 
meet the quality specifications set forth in Exhibit B. If the Residue Gas 
at the Delivery Point(s) shall fail to meet the Gross Heating Value 
specifications set forth in Exhibit B, Processor may take whatever steps 
are required to enable the Residue Gas to meet such specifications 
including, but not limited to, reducing the recovery of Liquid Hydrocarbon 
Products, and Processor will notify Supplier within 48 hours of what steps 
have been taken to meet such specifications. In the event that Processor, 
in its commercially reasonable judgment, deems that the Gas requires 
dehydration, Processor will provide dehydration.

In the event that Suppliers Gas does not meet the downstream pipeline 
tariff requirements and is refused by the downstream pipeline, Processor 
shall not install equipment or charge Supplier for additional treating 
without Suppliers prior written consent.


ARTICLEVll
PRICE OF LIQUID HYDROCARBONS AND RESIDUE GAS FOR SETTLEMENT

7.1 Price of Liquid Hydrocarbons for Settlement. The sales prices of the 
Liquid Hydrocarbon Products shall be the arithmetic mean of the daily 
average trading range high and low prices quoted by the Oil Price 
Information Service (OPIS) for the Conway, Kansas, Group 140 Hub, during 
the Accounting Period, less T&F (as defined below). In the event OPIS 
should discontinue publishing this pricing information, a comparable 
successor publication shall be used. At such time that Processor converts 
transportation of such Liquid Hydrocarbons to Mt. Belvieu, the quoted 
prices will be based upon the OPIS Mt. Belvieu, TX-non-TET (E/P Mix) T&F 
shall mean the actual third party transportation and fractionation charges, 
and marketing charges at and downstream of the Plant attributable to such 
Liquid Hydrocarbon Products.

7.2 Price of Residue Gas for Settlement. The sales price per MMBtu of the 
Residue Gas shall be the weighted average sales price received by Processor 
for all Residue Gas in a given accounting period at the Plant(s) to which 
Suppliers gas is delivered.


ARTICLE VIII
TERM

8.1 Term. The Original Agreement as Amended shall continue in full force 
until the Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective as of the 
Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until November 1, 
2017 (the Primary Term) and thereafter, this Agreement shall continue in 
full force and effect for successive periods of one (1) year each until 
terminated by either Party upon the giving of written notice at least 
forty-five (45) days prior to the end of the Primary Term or any successive 
one year term. This Agreement shall be deemed an obligation that runs with 
the land and shall be binding upon any and all subsequent transferees
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the Suppliers interests hereunder. Supplier agrees that Processor may 
file a mutually agreed to form of memorandum in the applicable land records 
acknowledging this Agreement The provisions of Section 1.3 will survive the 
termination of this Agreement. Supplier will remain responsible for all 
charges incurred by it while this Agreement was in effect.

8.2 Termination or Suspension Because of Uneconomical Operations. If at any 
time the Gas volumes or Liquid Hydrocarbons content of the Committed Gas or 
any other cause shall render the processing of the Plant Inlet Volume, or 
the operation of a Plant uneconomic in the sole discretion of Processor (or 
Processors processor), Processor may (a) terminate this Agreement on 
thirty (30) days prior written notice to Supplier, or (b) temporarily 
suspend operation of this Agreement for increments of one calendar month 
upon giving five (5) days prior written notice to Supplier before the end 
of the calendar month which precedes the calendar month that the suspension 
will begin and such suspension shall remain in effect until the last day of 
the calendar month in which such uneconomical situation no longer exists 
(as determined in Processors sole discretion); provided, however, that if 
such suspension extends for three (3) consecutive calendar months or more, 
Supplier shall have the right, in Suppliers sole discretion, to terminate 
this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice. In the event Processor 
elects to so suspend operation of this Agreement, the Committed Gas shall 
be released during the period of suspension. Processor may resume 
processing the Committed Gas on the first day of any calendar month, 
provided that Processor has provided Supplier with 30 days prior written 
notice of the end of the suspension. If at any time the volume or Liquid 
Hydrocarbons content of the Gas or any other cause shall render the 
operation of a Plant to be uneconomical, in the commercially reasonable 
discretion of Processor, Processor may either temporarily or permanently 
cease operations at such Plant, or process the Gas at a third party plant 
or plants. In the event of suspension due to uneconomical operations the 
Parties will negotiate in good faith for the transportation of Suppliers 
gas to a market outlet.


ARTICLE IX
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

9.1 Representation and Warranties of Supplier. Supplier represents and 
warrants that:

(a) it has title to all of the Liquid Hydrocarbons contained in the 
Committed Gas delivered hereunder (to the extent Supplier owns or controls 
such Liquid Hydrocarbons), that it has good right to convey and does hereby 
convey to Processor, free from all liens and adverse claims, Processors 
share of all Liquid Hydrocarbon Products and Residue Gas, all Plant Fuel 
Gas and all Shrinkage and title thereto, applicable to the Committed Gas, 
any and all line and incidental losses between the Receipt Point(s) and the 
Delivery Point(s) and that it has the right to deliver all Committed Gas 
during the term of this Agreement;

(b) all royalties, taxes, license fees or other charges on the Committed 
Gas and Residue Gas available for delivery at the Delivery Point(s), and 
Liquid Hydrocarbon Products have been or shall be paid when due;
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) it has the right to deliver the Committed Gas to the Receipt Point(s) 
as provided in this Agreement and that it will not transfer or assign any 
of the interests it has in the leases or land in the Committed Area to any 
third party without obtaining the agreement of such third party to be bound 
by the terms of this Agreement, as such may be amended from time to time by 
agreement of the Parties;

(d) it has all requisite authority to enter into this Agreement and to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement, that this Agreement shall not 
violate, nor be in conflict with, any provision of its charter or by-laws, 
and that the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement have 
been duly and validly authorized by all requisite corporate action on its 
part; and

(e) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Supplier, 
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Supplier, and no consent or 
approval of any third party or other person or entity is necessary with 
respect to such execution and delivery, or to make this Agreement fully 
effective and binding upon Supplier.

9.2 Representations and Warranties of Processor. Processor represents and 
warrants that:

(a) it has all requisite company authority to enter into this Agreement and 
to perform its obligations under this Agreement, that this Agreement shall 
not violate, nor be in conflict with, any provision of its charter or 
by-laws, and that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
has been duly and validly, authorized by all requisite corporate action on 
its part; and

(b) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Processor, 
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Processor, and no consent or 
approval of any third party or other person or entity is necessary with 
respect to such execution and delivery, or to make this Agreement fully 
effective and binding upon Processor.

9.3 Indemnification. Each Party shall indemnify (the Indemnifying Party) 
and hold the other Party harmless from all suits, actions, debts, accounts, 
damages, costs, losses, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) 
arising from, or out of any misrepresentations made by the Indemnifying 
Party contained in Paragraphs 9.1 or 9.2 of this Agreement, as applicable, 
or the breach of any warranty given in Paragraphs 9.1 or 9.2 of this 
Agreement, as applicable. The Party seeking indemnification shall promptly 
notify the Indemnifying Party of any such suits, actions, debts, accounts, 
damages, costs, losses or expenses for which this indemnity shall apply.


ARTICLE X
FORCE MAJEURE

10.1 Force Majeure. In the event either Party is rendered unable, in whole 
or in part, by reason of Force Majeure to carry out its obligations under 
this Agreement (other than the obligation to make payment of amounts due 
hereunder), it is agreed that such Party shall give notice and reasonably 
full particulars of such Force Majeure, in writing or by electronic media,
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to the other Party within a reasonable time after the occurrence of the 
cause relied on, and the obligations of the Party giving such notice, so 
far as they are affected by such Force Majeure, shall be suspended during 
the period of any inability so caused, but for no longer period, and such 
cause shall, as far as possible, be remedied using commercially reasonable 
efforts.

10.2 Definition of Force Majeure. The term Force Majeure as employed 
herein shall mean acts of God; strikes, lockouts, or other industrial 
disturbances; conditions arising from a change in governmental laws, 
orders, rules, or regulations; acts of public enemy; wars; blockades; 
insurrections; riots; epidemics; landslides; lightning; earthquakes; fires; 
storms; floods; washouts; arrests and restraints of governments and people; 
civil disturbances; explosions; breakage or accident to machinery or lines 
of pipe; the necessity for making repairs, tests or alterations to 
machinery or lines of pipe; freezing of wells or lines of pipe; partial or 
entire failure of wells, processing, or gasification and gas manufacturing 
facilities; failure of transporter to accept delivery of Liquid 
Hydrocarbons or Residue Gas; and any other causes, whether of the kind 
herein enumerated or otherwise, not within the control of the Party 
claiming suspension and which by the exercise of due diligence such Party 
is unable to prevent or overcome, including any claim of Force Majeure by 
any third party processor. Such term shall likewise include (a) in those 
instances where either Party is required to obtain servitudes, 
rights-of-way, grants, permits or licenses to enable such Party to fulfill 
its obligations under this Agreement, the inability of such Party to 
acquire or the delays on the part of such Party in acquiring, at reasonable 
costs, and after the exercise of reasonable diligence, such servitudes, 
rights-of-way, grants, permits, or licenses and (b) in those instances 
where either Party is required to furnish materials and supplies for the 
purpose of constructing or maintaining facilities or is required to secure 
permits or permissions from any governmental agency to enable such Party to 
fulfill its obligations under this Agreement, the inability of such Party 
to acquire, or the delays on the part of such Party in acquiring, at 
reasonable costs, and after the exercise of reasonable diligence, such 
material and supplies, permits and permissions. It is understood and agreed 
that the settlement of strikes or lockouts shall be entirely within the 
discretion of the Party having the difficulty, and that the above 
requirement that any Force Majeure shall be remedied with all reasonable 
dispatch shall not require the settlement of strikes or lockouts by 
acceding to the demands of the opposing Party when such course is 
inadvisable in the commercially reasonable discretion of the Party having 
the difficulty.


ARTICLE XI
NOTICES

11.1 Notices. All notice, demands and other communications required or 
permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing, shall be properly 
addressed to the appropriate Party named below, shall be delivered at the 
expense of the Party giving notice and shall be deemed to have been 
delivered when personally delivered to the individual indicated below, or 
if sent by mail three business days after being sent to the Party charged 
with such notice:
 
 IF TO PROCESSOR
   	
 IF TO SUPPLIER
 SemGas, L.P.
   	
 ARP Oklahoma, LLC
 6120 S. Yale Ave., Suite 700
   	
 Park Place Corp Center One
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Tulsa, OK 74136
   	1000 Commerce Drive, Suite 400
 Attn: Commercial Manager
   	Pittsburgh, PA 15275
 Phone: 316.315.0204
   	
 Fax: 316.315.0244
   	
 Or
   	
 Attn: Contract Administration
   	Attn: Energy Marketing
 Phone: 918.524.8110
   	Phone: 412.489.0309
 Fax:     918.524.8210
   	Fax:     412.774.2431

Notwithstanding the above, the Parties may agree to use email, facsimiles 
or Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) for notices, requests, demands, 
statements, or bills provided for herein. In such event, they shall be 
deemed delivered when sent to the Party charged with such notice. Any Party 
shall change its address by appropriate written notice to the other Party 
hereto.

ARTICLE XII
GENERAL PROVISIONS

12.1 Compliance with Laws. This Agreement and all operations to be 
conducted hereunder and in connection herewith are and shall be subject to 
all applicable laws, rules, orders and regulations now or hereafter 
promulgated by governmental agencies or bodies, State or Federal, having 
any jurisdiction over the gathering, transportation, processing and 
handling of the Committed Gas or of any operation conducted or to be 
conducted hereunder.

12.2 Taxes. Processor or its representative shall, from the proceeds 
otherwise owing to Supplier hereunder, timely remit any present, new or 
increased production, severance, or other taxes or assessments of a similar 
nature, imposed or levied by the state or any other governmental or duly 
constituted authority having jurisdiction upon the Committed Gas.

12.3 Revenue Distribution. Processor shall process the required division 
orders based on title opinions provided by Supplier and shall make basic 
revenue distribution of the proceeds owing hereunder to Supplier and other 
relevant entities defined by Supplier in the title opinions. Supplier shall 
be solely responsible for providing accurate title information to 
Processor, and Processor shall be able to rely on such information without 
liability regarding its accuracy.

12.4 Relationship of Parties. Processor shall be regarded as an independent 
contractor free from any control or direction by Supplier. Further, the 
rights and obligation of the Parties hereto shall be defined solely by the 
terms hereof and nothing herein shall be construed as creating a 
partnership of any kind, joint venture, association or trust, nor shall any 
Party be considered the agent for the other Party for any purpose 
whatsoever.

12.5 Exclusion from Subchapter K. If, for Federal income tax purposes, 
this Agreement and the operations hereunder are regarded as creating a 
partnership, each Party hereby affected elects to be excluded from the 
application of all of the provisions of Subchapter K, Chapter 1, Subtitle 
A, of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as permitted and 
authorized by Section 761 of the Code and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder. Processor is
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
authorized and directed to execute on behalf of Supplier such evidence of 
this election as may be required by the Secretary of the Treasury of the 
United States or the Federal Internal Revenue Service, including all of the 
returns, statements and data required by Federal Regulations or other law 
or regulation. Should there be any requirement that each Party hereby 
affected give further evidence of this election, each Party shall execute 
such documents and furnish such other evidence as may be required by the 
Federal Internal Revenue Service or as may be necessary to evidence this 
election. No such Party shall give any notices or take any other action 
inconsistent with the election made hereby. The Parties shall make similar 
elections as may be permitted or required by state laws.

12.6 Operations by Supplier. Supplier hereby expressly reserves the right 
to conduct its operations free from all control by Processor, in such a 
manner as Supplier, in its commercially reasonable discretion, deems 
advisable, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

12.7 Exhibits. All exhibits referred to in this Agreement are hereby 
incorporated by reference. In the event of a conflict between any of the 
exhibits referred to in this Agreement and this Agreement, the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement shall control.

12.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and 
understanding between the Parties respecting the subject matter hereof, 
there being no oral agreements, promises or representations which are or 
may be incidental or supplementary to the provisions here. This Agreement 
was prepared jointly by the Parties and not by one Party to the exclusion 
of the other Party. This Agreement may only be modified or altered by a 
document in writing and executed subsequent to the date hereof by the 
Parties.

12.9 Waiver. The failure of either Party to this Agreement to insist upon 
the strict performance of any provision of this Agreement or to exercise 
any right, power, or remedy upon a breach thereof, shall not constitute a 
waiver by said Party for any such provision, breach, or subsequent breach, 
whether of the same or of any other provision hereof.

12.10 Governing Law. The Parties agree that the Agreement shall be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oklahoma, 
excluding any conflicts of law, rule or principle that might refer such 
construction of the laws of another state and that venue shall be in either 
state or federal court sitting in Tulsa County, Oklahoma, with respect to 
any cause of action brought under or with respect to this Agreement.

12.11 Assignment. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be 
binding upon and shall accrue to the benefit of the Parties hereto and 
their successors and assigns. Neither Party may assign this Agreement 
without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall 
not be unreasonably withheld. Any assignment of any of the rights or 
obligations of either Party, in whole or in part, shall be made subject to 
the terms of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either 
Party from pledging or mortgaging its rights hereunder as security for its 
indebtedness. A merger, recapitalization, or change of ownership or control 
of either corporate entity which is a Party hereto shall not be considered 
an assignment.

12.12 Limitation of Liability. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY 
CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT EXCEPT FOR CIRCUMSTANCES INVOLVING FRAUD BY A 
PARTY, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE OR
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHERWISE RESPONSIBLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR FOR LOST PROFITS WHICH ARISE OUT OF 
OR RELATE TO THIS AGREEMENT.

12.13 Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any article, 
paragraph, subparagraph, provision or term of this Agreement shall not 
affect any other article, paragraph, subparagraph, provision or term of 
this Agreement.

12.14 Headings for Convenience. Headings used herein are for convenience 
only and do not constitute part of this Agreement.

12.15 Binding Effect. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be 
binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto, and 
their respective successors and assigns.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day 
and year first above written.
 
 Processor:
   	 	  	Supplier:
 SemGas, L.P.
   	 	  	ARP Oklahoma, LLC
 By: SemOperating G.P., L.L.C.,
 General Partner
   	 	  	
 [LOGO]
   	 	  	 [LOGO]
         
   	 	  	
         
 Name: Norman J. Szydlowski
   	 	  	Name: Matthew Jones
 Title: Chief Executive Officer
   	 	  	Title:
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

Attached to and made a part of that certain Gas Purchase, Gathering and
Processing Agreement effective August 1, 2013, by and between
SemGas, L.P. and ARP Oklahoma, LLC

ACCOUNTING PROCEDURE
 
I. 	General Provisions

A. Gas Purchase. Gathering and Processing Agreement. All reference to the 
Agreement shall mean the Gas Purchase, Gathering and Processing Agreement 
to which this Exhibit A is attached.

B. Definitions. Terms used in this Exhibit A shall have the same meanings 
as defined in the Agreement. The following additional term shall have the 
meaning set forth below:

Btu/Gallon Liquid Ratio Factor shall mean the number of Btus contained 
in 1 gallon of any component of the Liquid Hydrocarbon Products measured at 
60° Fahrenheit. The Gross Heating Value in Btus per gallon shall be the 
values stated as ideal Gas Law. The numerical values of such ratio for each 
component shall be the numerical values shown in the Gas Processors 
Association Standard 2145-2000, as amended from time to time.

C. Standard Reporting. All volumes and Btu measurements shall be reported 
at 14.73 psia and 60° Fahrenheit. For purpose of this Exhibit A, all 
references to volumes shall mean volumes in Mcf.

D. The Liquid Hydrocarbons components of ethane, propane, iso-butane, 
normal butane and natural gasoline (sometimes known as Pentane plus (+) 
will be allocated to Supplier from the Liquid Hydrocarbon Products produced 
hereunder. For brevity purposes, iso-butane and normal butane will both be 
referred to as just butane in this Exhibit A.
 
II. 	Basis for Allocations

A. Sampling and Analysis of Inlet Streams and Commingled Residue Gas. 
Processor shall determine the analysis of the Plant Inlet Volume by taking 
spot sample(s) at the Receipt Point(s) as frequently as deemed necessary, 
but not less frequently than once each three (3) months. Processor shall 
provide Supplier at least seven (7) business days prior notice so that 
Suppliers personnel can witness such sampling. Processor may, at its sole 
option, install, maintain, and operate a continuous gas sampler to sample 
the Gas at
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Receipt Point(s). Determination by a continuous gas sampler shall 
become effective the first day of the month in which the gas sample was 
collected. Spot sample determinations shall become effective the first day 
of the month following the determination and shall remain effective until 
the next subsequent determination. Processor shall cause the Gas sample to 
be analyzed at a reputable third party commercial laboratory using a 
chromatograph. The resulting component analyses shall indicate the gross 
heating value, saturated, at 14.73 psia and 60° Fahrenheit for each sample 
of the Gas at the Receipt Point(s) and it shall further indicate the 
gallons of ethane, propane, butane and natural gasoline per thousand cubic 
feet (GPM) contained in such samples.

B. Calculation of Theoretical Gallons of Ethane, Propane, Butane and 
Natural Gasoline. The Plant Inlet Volume during an Accounting Period shall 
be multiplied by the (GPM) of ethane, propane, butane, and natural gasoline 
contained therein (determined as provided in Paragraph II.A of this Exhibit 
A) to determine the total theoretical gallons of ethane, propane, butane, 
and natural gasoline, respectively, contained in such volumes. In the event 
that any Gas is bypassed around the Plant without processing, all 
references to the Plant Inlet Volume for purpose of calculating theoretical 
gallons of ethane, propane, butane and natural gasoline shall mean the 
calculated volume of Committed Gas at the Receipt Point(s) less the Field 
Fuel Gas and less any amounts of Gas that are bypassed.

C. Calculation of Theoretical MMBtus in the Plant Inlet Volume. The Plant 
Inlet Volume during an Accounting Period shall be multiplied by the Gross 
Heating Value of such Plant Inlet Volume, determined from the sampling and 
analysis as provided in Paragraph II.A of this Exhibit A to arrive at the 
total theoretical MMBtus contained in the Plant Inlet Volume. In the event 
that any Gas is bypassed around the Plant without processing, all 
references to the Plant Inlet Volume for purpose of calculating theoretical 
MMBtus shall mean the volume of Committed Gas received and/or calculated 
at the Receipt Point(s) less the Field Fuel Gas and less any amounts of Gas 
that are bypassed.
 
III. 	Product Recovery Percentages for Receipt Points

The Product Recovery Percentage of each Liquid Hydrocarbon Product used to 
determine the gross allocation of ethane, propane, butane and natural 
gasoline (as provided in Paragraph IV.A of this Exhibit A) from Plant Inlet 
Volume shall be as follows:
 
 Ethane
   	  	50 	% 
 Propane
   	  	90 	% 
 Iso-Butane
   	  	93 	% 
 Normal Butane
   	  	93 	% 
 Natural Gasoline
   	  	95 	% 
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IV. Determination of Ethane, Propane, Butane and Natural Gasoline

A. Gross Allocation. The total theoretical gallons of ethane, propane, 
butane and natural gasoline contained in the Plant Inlet Volume (determined 
as provided in Paragraph II.B of this Exhibit A) shall be multiplied by the 
Product Recovery Percentage provided above with respect to each product to 
determine the gross allocation of ethane, propane, butane and natural 
gasoline to the Committed Gas.

B. Net Allocation. The net number of gallons of ethane, propane, butane and 
natural gasoline allocable to the Plant Inlet Volume shall be determined by 
multiplying the percentage of to the Liquid Hydrocarbon Products Supplier 
is to receive (determined as provided in Section 5.1 of the Agreement) by 
the gross allocation of gallons of ethane, propane, butane and natural 
gasoline to the Plant Inlet Volume (determined as provided in Paragraph 
IV.A of this Exhibit A).


V. Determination of Shrinkage

A. MMBtu Content of the Ethane, Propane, Butane, and Natural Gasoline. The 
MMBtus removed from the Plant Inlet Volume as separate Liquid Hydrocarbon 
Products (i.e., ethane, propane, butane and natural gasoline) during each 
Accounting Period shall be determined by multiplying the number of gallons 
of the ethane, propane, butane and natural gasoline, respectively, produced 
during such Accounting Period from the Plant Inlet Volume, determined as 
provided in Paragraph IV.A of this Exhibit A, by the Btu/Gallon Liquid 
Ratio Factor (determined as provided in Paragraph I.B of this Exhibit A), 
as applicable for each component, in effect for such Accounting Period.

B. Total MMBtus Removed from the Plant Inlet Volume. The total MMBtus 
removed from the Plant Inlet Volume as Liquid Hydrocarbon Products during 
each Accounting Period shall equal the sum of the MMBtus removed from the 
Plant Inlet Volume as ethane, propane, butane and natural gasoline, 
determined as provided in Paragraph V.A of this Exhibit A.
 
VI. 	Determination of Residue Gas

A. Basis for Determination and Gross Allocation. The theoretical MMBtus 
allocable to Supplier from the Commingled Residue Gas shall be determined 
by subtracting the sum of 1) the MMBtus removed from the Plant Inlet 
Volume as Liquid Hydrocarbon Products (determined as provided Paragraph V 
of this Exhibit A) and 2) the MMBtus allocable to the Plant Inlet Volume 
as Plant Fuel Gas from the theoretical MMBtus delivered to the Receipt 
Points in the Committed Gas (determined as provided in Paragraph II.C of 
this Exhibit A) during the Accounting Period.

B. Net Allocation. The net Commingled Residue Gas allocable to the Plant 
Inlet Volume shall be determined by multiplying the percentage of MMBtus 
of Residue Gas Supplier is to receive (determined as provided in Section 5 
of the Agreement) by the gross allocation of MMBtus allocable to the Plant 
Inlet Volume(determined as provided in Paragraph VI.A of this Exhibit A.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
VII. 	Audit Rights

A. Examination of Books. Records and Charts. Each Party shall have the 
right during reasonable working hours to examine the books, records and 
charts of the other Party to the extent necessary to verify the accuracy of 
any statement, payment calculations or determinations made pursuant to the 
provisions contained herein. The accuracy of any statement, payment 
calculation or determination made pursuant to the provisions contained 
herein shall be conclusively presumed to be correct twenty-four (24) months 
after the charts and records were generated or prepared if not challenged 
in writing prior thereto. If any such examination shall reveal, or if 
either Party shall discover, any error in its own or the other Parts 
statements, payment calculations or determinations, then proper adjustment 
and correction thereof shall be made as promptly as practicable thereafter.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

Attached to and made a part of that certain Gas Purchase, Gathering and
Processing Agreement effective August 1, 2013, by and between
SemGas, L.P. and ARP Oklahoma, LLC

GAS QUALITY AND GAS MEASUREMENT

The commingled stream of Committed Gas delivered to Processors Gathering 
Facilities shall:

A. Be measured at a pressure base of fourteen and seventy-three hundredths 
(14.73) pounds per square inch and at a temperature of sixty degrees (60°) 
Fahrenheit. The Committed Gas may be saturated with water vapor, but shall 
not contain any free water.

B. Not contain more than four parts per million of hydrogen sulfide as 
determined by quantitative methods in general use in the industry and 
mutually acceptable to both Parties.

C. Not contain any diluents, impurities, non-hydrocarbon components or 
other substances which would render the gas incapable of meeting the 
quality specifications of the Downstream Pipeline(s) receiving Residue Gas 
at the Delivery Point(s) at each Plant.

D. Not contain in excess of six (6) percent nitrogen.

E. Not contain less than 1,000 Btu per cubic foot. In the event that the 
Gross Heating Value of the Committed Gas falls below 1,000 Btu per cubic 
foot, Processor shall have the option to refuse to accept Committed Gas so 
long as the Gross Heating Value remains below 1,000 Btu per cubic foot 
(even though Processor or its designee may accept such deliveries for 
gathering and/or transportation).

F. Meet the above specifications, and be commercially free from dust, gum, 
gum-forming constituents, or other liquid or solid matter which might 
become separated from the Committed Gas in the course of gathering and/or 
transportation through Processors or its designees system.

G. Have a maximum temperature of one hundred twenty degrees Fahrenheit 
(120°F) and a minimum temperature of forty degrees Fahrenheit (40°F).

H. Not contain in excess of two (2%) percent of carbon dioxide (by volume).

I. Not contain in excess of 50 parts per million of oxygen.

The Residue Gas delivered to the Delivery Point(s) shall meet the 
specifications designated by the applicable third party processor or 
transporter. Supplier and Processor agree that in the event
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
such processor or transporter refuses to accept Residue Gas because it does 
not meet applicable specifications, Processor will make a commercially 
reasonable effort to process any such Residue Gas at Processors Plant or 
at a third party processing plant, on the terms and conditions of 
Processors contract with the relevant processor or transporter.


MEASURING EQUIPMENT AND TESTING

A. Installation and Operation. Processor or its designee shall construct, 
own, operate, and maintain, all measuring facilities necessary to 
accomplish the receipt of Committed Gas Processor for the account of 
Supplier at the Receipt Point(s) herein. Each Party shall, at all 
reasonable times, have access to the premises of the other for inspections, 
insofar as such premises are connected with any matter or thing covered 
hereby. The operation of measuring equipment, changing of charts and/or 
obtaining electronic data shall be done only by the employees or agents of 
Processor or its designee at the Receipt Point(s).


B. Testing and Repair of Equipment.

1. Processor and Supplier shall each maintain their own measuring equipment 
to be accurate and in good repair, making such periodic tests as necessary 
to verify the condition of meter tubes, orifice plate, and the flow 
recorder or flow computer. Both Parties agree to give each other seven (7) 
business days notice prior to such tests of the measuring equipment so that 
if desired, either Party may have its representative present. Either Party 
shall have the right to challenge the accuracy of the other Partys 
equipment, and when challenged, the equipment shall be tested, calibrated 
and, if required, repaired by the challenged Party; the cost of such 
special test to be borne by the challenged Party if the percentage of the 
total metering inaccuracy is found to be more than two percent (2%), but if 
the percentage of the total metering inaccuracy is found to be two percent 
(2%) or less, the cost of such special test shall be borne by the 
challenging Party. If upon any test, the percentage of the total metering 
inaccuracy is found to be in excess of two percent (2% ), registrations 
therefore shall be corrected for a period extending back to the time such 
inaccuracy occurred if such time is ascertainable, and if not 
ascertainable, then back one-half (1/2) of the time elapsed since the last 
date of calibration, but not to exceed 90 days. Any measuring equipment 
determined to be measuring inaccurately in any percentage shall be adjusted 
at once to read accurately.

2. If, for any reason, the meter(s) are out of service or out of repair so 
that the amount of Committed Gas received cannot be ascertained or computed 
from the readings thereof, the Committed Gas received during the period 
such meter(s) are out of service or out of repair shall be estimated and 
agreed upon by the Parties hereto by the use of the first applicable of the 
following methods:

a. By comparative utilization of any like check measuring equipment 
installed by Supplier or Suppliers Designee if such check measuring 
equipment can be proven and verified to be measuring accurately subject to 
the check meter provisions in Paragraph E of this Section, or
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
b. By computing the error if the percentage of error is ascertainable by 
calibration test or mathematical calculations, or

c. By estimating the quantity of Committed Gas received by reference to 
actual receipts of Committed Gas during preceding periods under similar 
conditions when Processors measuring equipment was registering accurately.

C. Inspection of Charts and Records. The charts and records from the 
measuring equipment shall remain the property of Processor and shall be 
kept on file for a period of time not less than twenty-four (24) months 
after the charts and records were generated or prepared. At any time within 
such period, upon written request by Supplier, records and/or charts from 
the measuring equipment, together with calculations there from, will be 
submitted for Suppliers inspection and verification, subject to return to 
Processor within thirty (30) days from receipt thereof. Supplier or 
Suppliers Designee shall retain its charts and records for the same period 
of time as Processors obligation under this Paragraph.

D. Telemetering. Processor and Supplier shall each have the right, but not 
the obligation, to install and operate telemetering equipment it deems 
necessary to carry out Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) or 
other operational needs at any Receipt Point(s) contemplated hereunder, 
provided Processors normal operations are not materially impeded.

E. Check Meter. Supplier or Suppliers Designee shall have the right to 
install, maintain as described in Paragraph A of this section, and operate 
such check measurement equipment as it may desire, but same shall not 
materially interfere with or impede in any way the operation of Processors 
measurement or other equipment hereunder, and all calibrating and adjusting 
of check meters and changing of charts shall be done by Supplier or its 
designees. Such check meters may be installed at the Receipt Point(s) only. 
Furthermore, Processor must be notified seven (7) calendar days prior to 
all testing and calibration in order to have a representative present. In 
the event Processor proves the inaccuracy of Suppliers check meter or all 
applicable check meter maintenance records are not available, both Parties 
agree to incorporate the next applicable alternate method detailed in 
Paragraph B.2 of this Section to resolve the discrepancy.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C

Attached to and made a part of that certain Gas Purchase, Gathering and
Processing Agreement effective August 1, 2013, by and between
SemGas, L.P. and ARP Oklahoma, LLC

DESCRIPTION OF GAS PROCESSING PLANT(S)

Nash cryogenic plant located in Section 28, T25N, R8W in Grant County, 
Oklahoma

Hopeton cryogenic plant located in Section 31, T26N, R13W in Woods County, 
Oklahoma

Rose Valley I and II plants located in Section 6, T25N, R14W in Woods 
County, Oklahoma
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT D

Attached to and made a part of that certain Gas Purchase, Gathering and
Processing Agreement effective August 1, 2013, by and between
SemGas, L.P. and ARP Oklahoma, LLC

DESCRIPTION OF COMMITTED GAS

Subject to Paragraph 1.1 and 3.3 of this Agreement, Suppliers share of all 
Gas now or hereafter produced from all leases either currently owned or 
acquired during the term of this Agreement located in the following 
townships and ranges in Oklahoma:
 
Township
  	
Range
  	
County
23N 	  	7W, 8W 	  	Garfield
23N 	  	9W 	  	Garfield, Major
24N 	  	7W, 8W 	  	Garfield
25N 	  	7W, 8W 	  	Grant
24N 	  	9W, 10W, 11W, 12W 	  	Alfalfa
25N 	  	9W, 10W, 11W, 12W 	  	Alfalfa
26N 	  	9W, 10W, 11W, 12W 	  	Alfalfa
24N 	  	13W, 14W, 15W 	  	Woods
25N 	  	13W, 14W, 15W 	  	Woods
26N 	  	13W, 14W, 15W 	  	Woods
27N 	  	14W, 15W 	  	Woods
 
25