 EX-10.6 13 a2234454zex-10_6.htm EX-10.6
EXHIBIT 10.6
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
 
This INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made as of          , 2018 
by and between BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and                    (Indemnitee). This Agreement 
supersedes and replaces any and all previous Agreements between the Company 
and Indemnitee covering the subject matter of this Agreement.
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve 
publicly held corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities 
unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or 
adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions 
against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of 
the corporation;
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined 
that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company 
will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, 
liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company from certain 
liabilities. The By-Laws (the By-Laws) of the Company and the Certificate 
of Incorporation of the Company (the Certificate of Incorporation) 
require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. 
Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General 
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). The By-Laws and the 
Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL expressly provide that the 
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby 
contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and 
members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect 
to indemnification;
 
WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to 
indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining 
such persons;
 
WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in 
attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests 
of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to 
assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such 
protection in the future;
 
WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company to 
contractually obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on 
behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law 
so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue 
concern that they will not be so indemnified;
 
WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the 
By-Laws and the Certificate of Incorporation and any resolutions adopted 
pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to 
diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder;
 
WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the 
By-Laws and insurance as adequate in the present circumstances, and may not 
be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, 
and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is 
willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for 
or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified; and
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants 
contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree 
as follows:
 
Section 1.  Services to the Company.  Indemnitee agrees to continue to 
serve as an officer of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any 
reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual 
obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law), in which event 
the Company shall have no obligation under this Agreement to keep 
Indemnitee in such position. This Agreement shall not be deemed an 
employment contract between the Company and Indemnitee. Indemnitee 
specifically acknowledges that Indemnitees employment with the Company, if 
any, is at will, and the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any 
reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any 
written employment contract between Indemnitee and the Company, other 
applicable formal severance policies duly adopted by the Board, or, with 
respect to service as a director or officer of the Company, by the 
Certificate of Incorporation, the By-Laws, and the DGCL. The foregoing 
notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in force after Indemnitee 
has ceased to serve as an officer of the Company.
 
Section 2.  Definitions.  As used in this Agreement:
 
(a)   References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, 
officer, or employee of the Company or other person authorized by the 
Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such 
capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of 
another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, 
trust or other Enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to 
represent the interests of the Company.
 
(b)   A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to 
occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:
 
    (i)                         Acquisition of Stock by Third Party.  Any
    Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as
    defined below), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
    representing more than fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined
    voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities;
 
    (ii)                      Change in Board.  During any period of two
    (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution
    of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period
    constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director
    designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the
    Company to effect a transaction described in Sections 2(b)(i),
    2(b)(iii) or 2(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
    election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at
    least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either
    were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
    nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any
    reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;
 
    (iii)                   Corporate Transactions.  The effective date of
    a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other
    than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting
    securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger
    or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining
    outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the
    surviving entity) more than 51% of the combined voting power of the
    voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after
    such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a
    majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such
    surviving entity;
 
    (iv)                  Liquidation.  The approval by the stockholders of
    the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement
    for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all
    of the Companys assets; and
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (v)                     Other Events.  There occurs any other event of
    a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e)
    of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on
    any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as
    defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such
    reporting requirement.
 
For purposes of this Section 2(b), the following terms shall have the 
following meanings:
 
    (A)  Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
    amended from time to time.
 
    (B)  Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and
    14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude
    (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities
    under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any
    corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the
    Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of
    stock of the Company.
 
    (C)       Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term
    in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that
    Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a
    Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving
    a merger of the Company with another entity.
 
(c)          Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or 
was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or of any other 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership or joint venture, 
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or 
was serving at the request of the Company.
 
(d)         Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is 
not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which 
indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.
 
(e)          Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, 
limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee 
benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at 
the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or 
fiduciary.
 
(f)           Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, 
retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, 
travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone 
charges, postage, delivery service fees, any federal, state, local or 
foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed 
receipt of any payments under this Agreement, ERISA excise taxes and 
penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily 
incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute 
or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or 
otherwise participating in, a Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) 
Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any 
Proceeding, including without limitation the premium, security for, and 
other costs relating to any cost bond or other appeal bond or its 
equivalent, and (ii) for purposes of Section 14(d) only, Expenses incurred 
by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense 
of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. 
The parties agree that for the purposes of any advancement of Expenses for 
which Indemnitee has made written demand to the Company in accordance with 
this Agreement, all Expenses included in such demand that are certified by 
affidavit of Indemnitees counsel as being reasonable shall be presumed 
conclusively to be reasonable. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts 
paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines 
against Indemnitee.
 
(g)          Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law 
firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither 
presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: 
(i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party 
(other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this 
Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification 
agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a 
claim for
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term 
Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the 
applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a 
conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an 
action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company 
agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel 
referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all 
Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.
 
(h)   The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or 
completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution 
mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other 
actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of 
the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative 
legislative, or investigative (formal or informal) nature, including any 
appeal therefrom, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a 
party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise by reason of the 
fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by 
reason of any action taken by him or of any action on his part while acting 
as director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is 
or was serving at the request of the Company, including prior to the date 
of this Agreement, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust 
or other enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity 
at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, 
reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this 
Agreement. If the Indemnitee believes in good faith that a given situation 
may lead to or culminate in the institution of a Proceeding, this shall be 
considered a Proceeding under this paragraph.
 
(i)    Reference to other enterprise shall include employee benefit 
plans; references to fines shall include any excise tax assessed with 
respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request 
of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee 
or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, 
such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee 
benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in 
good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the best 
interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan 
shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best 
interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.
 
Section 3.  Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings.  The Company shall 
indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if 
Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in 
any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company 
to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee 
shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law 
against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement 
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in 
connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if 
Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be 
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of 
a criminal proceeding had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct 
was unlawful. The parties hereto intend that this Agreement shall provide 
to the fullest extent permitted by law for indemnification in excess of 
that expressly permitted by statute, including, without limitation, any 
indemnification provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-Laws, 
vote of the Companys stockholders or disinterested directors or applicable 
law.
 
Section 4.  Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.  
The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of 
this Section 4 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or 
a participant in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to 
procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee 
shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law 
against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his 
behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter 
therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best 
interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made 
under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which 
Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the 
Company, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery 
or any court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine upon 
application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all 
the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled 
to indemnification.
 
Section 5.  Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly 
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that 
Indemnitee is a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the 
merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or 
matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 
against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection 
therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is 
successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all 
claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify 
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or 
on his behalf in connection with or related to each successfully resolved 
claim, issue or matter to the fullest extent permitted by law. For purposes 
of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, 
issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without 
prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, 
issue or matter.
 
Section 6.  Indemnification For Expenses of a Witness.  Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his 
Corporate Status, a witness or otherwise asked to participate in any 
Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he shall be indemnified 
against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his 
behalf in connection therewith.
 
Section 7.  Partial Indemnification.  If Indemnitee is entitled under any 
provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a 
portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the 
Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to 
which Indemnitee is entitled.
 
Section 8.  Additional Indemnification.
 
(a)         Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, the 
Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party 
to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company 
to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines 
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by 
Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.
 
(b)         For purposes of Section 8(a), the meaning of the phrase to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law shall include, but not be 
limited to:
 
    (i)                         to the fullest extent permitted by the
    provision of the DGCL that authorizes or contemplates additional
    indemnification by agreement, or the corresponding provision of any
    amendment to or replacement of the DGCL, and
 
    (ii)                      to the fullest extent authorized or permitted
    by any amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after the date
    of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may
    indemnify its officers and directors.
 
Section 9.  Exclusions.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, 
the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any 
indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(a)   for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of 
Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except 
with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance 
policy or other indemnity provision; or
 
(b)         for (i) an accounting of profits made from the purchase and 
sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company 
within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as defined in 
Section 2(b) hereof) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common 
law, or (ii) any reimbursement of the Company by the Indemnitee of any 
bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any 
profits realized by the Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the 
Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any 
such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the 
Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Company of profits arising 
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of 
Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); or
 
(c)          except as provided in Section 14(d) of this Agreement, in 
connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by 
Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) 
initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, 
employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the 
Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) 
the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant 
to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.
 
Section 10.  Advances of Expenses.  In accordance with Section 3 of Article 
XI of the By-Laws, and notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to 
the contrary, the Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by 
law, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding, 
and such advancement shall be made within thirty (30) days after the 
receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such 
advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of 
any Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances 
shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses 
and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification 
under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any 
and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this 
right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding 
statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee 
shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company 
of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the 
Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) to 
the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled 
to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be 
required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 10 shall 
not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded 
pursuant to Section 9.
 
Section 11.  Procedure for Notification and Defense of Claim.
 
(a)         Indemnitee shall notify the Company in writing of any matter 
with respect to which Indemnitee intends to seek indemnification or 
advancement of Expenses hereunder as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the receipt by Indemnitee of written notice thereof. The written 
notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of 
the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. To obtain 
indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the 
Company a written request, including therein or therewith such 
documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and 
is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee 
is entitled to indemnification following the final disposition of such 
action, suit or proceeding. The omission by Indemnitee to notify the 
Company hereunder will not relieve the Company from any liability which it 
may have to Indemnitee hereunder or otherwise than under this Agreement, 
and any delay in so notifying the Company shall not constitute a waiver by 
Indemnitee of any rights under this Agreement.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request 
for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has 
requested indemnification.
 
(b)         The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding 
at its own expense.
 
Section 12.  Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification.
 
(a)         Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant 
to Section 11(a), a determination, if required by applicable law, with 
respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific 
case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent 
Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be 
delivered to Indemnitee; or (ii) if a Change in Control shall not have 
occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if 
less than a quorum of the Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested 
Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, 
even if less than a quorum of the Board, (C) if there are no such 
Disinterested Directors or, if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by 
Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which 
shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (D) if so directed by the Board, by the 
stockholders of the Company; and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is 
entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten 
(10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the 
person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to 
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such 
person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation 
or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from 
disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably 
necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including 
attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating 
with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne 
by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees 
entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and 
agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.
 
(b)         In the event the determination of entitlement to 
indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 
12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this 
Section 12(b). If a Change in Control shall not have occurred, the 
Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall 
give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the 
Independent Counsel so selected. If a Change in Control shall have 
occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless 
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which 
event the preceding sentence shall apply), and Indemnitee shall give 
written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the 
Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the 
Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written 
notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to 
Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; 
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground 
that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of 
Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the 
objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such 
assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected 
shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and 
substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as 
Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court 
has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) 
days after the later of submission by Indemnitee of a written request for 
indemnification pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof and the final disposition 
of the Proceeding, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not 
objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of 
competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have 
been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of 
Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a 
person selected by the Court or by such other person as the Court shall 
designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so 
resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under 
Section 12(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding 
or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent 
Counsel
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such 
capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then 
prevailing).
 
Section 13.  Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings.
 
(a)   In making a determination with respect to entitlement to 
indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such 
determination shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, presume 
that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if 
Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with 
Section 11(a) of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest 
extent not prohibited by law, have the burden of proof to overcome that 
presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity 
of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of 
the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) to 
have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant 
to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances 
because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an 
actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or 
independent legal counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable 
standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a 
presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.
 
(b)         Subject to Section 14(e), if the person, persons or entity 
empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine 
whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a 
determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the 
request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to 
indemnification shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be 
deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such 
indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material 
fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees 
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for 
indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under 
applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended 
for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the 
person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to 
entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time 
for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information 
relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of 
this Section 13(b) shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement 
to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 
12(a) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt 
by the Company of the request for such determination the Board has resolved 
to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at 
an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after 
such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special 
meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such 
receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held 
for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and 
such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of 
entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel 
pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.
 
(c)          The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or 
matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a 
plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right 
of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee 
did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to 
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect 
to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe 
that his conduct was unlawful.
 
(d)         Reliance as Safe Harbor. For purposes of any determination of 
good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if 
Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the 
Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to 
Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, 
or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or 
records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified 
public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with the 
reasonable care by the Enterprise. The
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to 
limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be 
deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this 
Agreement.
 
(e)          Actions of Others. The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to 
act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall 
not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to 
indemnification under this Agreement.
 
Section 14.  Remedies of Indemnitee.
 
(a)   Subject to Section 14(e), in the event that (i) a determination is 
made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not 
entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of 
Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) 
no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made 
pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ninety (90) days after 
receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of 
indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6 or 7 or the last 
sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after 
receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) payment of 
indemnification pursuant to Section 3, 4 or 8 of this Agreement is not made 
within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is 
entitled to indemnification, or (vi) in the event that the Company or any 
other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this 
Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other 
action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee 
the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee 
hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of 
his entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses. 
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration 
to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial 
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Indemnitee shall 
commence such proceeding seeking an adjudication or an award in arbitration 
within 180 days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right 
to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 14(a); provided, 
however, that the foregoing clause shall not apply in respect of a 
proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce his rights under Section 5 of 
this Agreement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any 
such adjudication or award in arbitration.
 
(b)         In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant 
to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to 
indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant 
to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, 
or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by 
reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or 
arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 the Company shall have 
the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or 
advancement of Expenses, as the case may be.
 
(c)          If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 
12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the 
Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or 
arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a 
misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material 
fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in 
connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of 
such indemnification under applicable law.
 
(d)         The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, 
be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration 
commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions 
of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall 
stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company 
is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. It is the intent of the 
Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Indemnitee not be 
required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the 
interpretation, enforcement or defense of
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because 
the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits 
intended to be extended to the Indemnitee hereunder. The Company shall, to 
the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and 
all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days 
after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor) advance, to the 
extent not prohibited by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, which are 
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee 
for indemnification or advancement of Expenses from the Company under this 
Agreement or under any directors and officers liability insurance 
policies maintained by the Company if Indemnitee is wholly successful on 
the underlying claims; if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the 
underlying claims, then such indemnification and advancement shall be only 
to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or 
otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater.
 
(e)          Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no 
determination as to entitlement of Indemnitee to indemnification under this 
Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of 
the Proceeding.
 
Section 15.  Non-exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation.
 
(a)   The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses 
as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other 
rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable 
law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-Laws, any agreement, a vote 
of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, 
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall 
limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect 
of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status 
prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change 
in Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater 
indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently 
under the By-Laws, the Certificate of Incorporation and this Agreement, it 
is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this 
Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or 
remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or 
remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in 
addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or 
hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or 
employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not 
prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or 
remedy.
 
(b)         The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain an insurance 
policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors and officers 
in effect at all times.  To the extent that the Company maintains an 
insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, 
officers, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other 
enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, 
Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with 
its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any 
such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. 
If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms 
hereof, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, 
the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the commencement 
of a proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall 
thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to 
pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such 
proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.
 
(c)          In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company 
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of 
recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all 
action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such 
documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce 
such rights.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d)         The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make 
any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement is 
provided hereunder) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has 
otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, 
contract, agreement or otherwise.
 
(e)          The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses 
hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company 
as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, limited 
liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan 
or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually 
received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such other 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, 
employee benefit plan or other enterprise.
 
Section 16.  Duration of Agreement.  This Agreement shall continue until 
and terminate upon the later of: (a) ten (10) years after the date that 
Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as an officer of the Company or (b) 
one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding then pending in 
respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or 
advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding commenced by 
Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement relating thereto. This 
Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns 
and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his heirs, executors and 
administrators.
 
Section 17.  Severability.  If any provision or provisions of this 
Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any 
reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the 
remaining provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation, each 
portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held 
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired 
thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by 
law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the 
extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum 
effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent 
possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, 
each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision 
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the 
intent manifested thereby.
 
Section 18.  Enforcement.
 
(a)   The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into 
this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to 
induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the 
Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in 
serving as a director or officer of the Company.
 
(b)   This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties 
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior 
agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, 
however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the 
Certificate of Incorporation, the By-Laws and applicable law, and shall not 
be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of 
Indemnitee thereunder.
 
Section 19.  Modification and Waiver.  No supplement, modification or 
amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by 
the parties thereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement 
shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of 
this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.
 
Section 20.  Notice by Indemnitee.  Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify 
the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, 
subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to 
indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure 
of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any 
obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement or 
otherwise.
 
Section 21.  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other 
communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the 
party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, 
(b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the 
third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by 
reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said 
notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by 
facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation that such 
transmission has been received:
 
    (i)                         If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated
    on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as
    Indemnitee shall provide to the Company.
 
    (ii)                      If to the Company to
         
        BioXcel Therapeutics Inc.
        780 East Main Street
        Branford, CT 06405
        Attention: Chief Executive Officer
 
or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the 
Company.
 
Section 22.  Contribution.  To the fullest extent permissible under 
applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is 
unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu 
of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by 
Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts 
paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with 
any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such 
proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the 
circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (a) the relative 
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) 
and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or (b) the 
relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and 
agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or 
transaction(s).
 
Section 23.  Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction.  This Agreement 
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and 
construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect 
to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of 
this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or 
in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery 
Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other 
state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any 
other country, (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or 
in connection with this Agreement, (c) appoint, to the extent such party is 
not otherwise subject to service of process in the State of Delaware, 
irrevocably The Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Road, City of 
Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808 as its agent in the State 
of Delaware as such partys agent for acceptance of legal process in 
connection with any such action or proceeding against such party with the 
same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally 
within the State of Delaware, (d) waive any objection to the laying of 
venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (e) 
waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or 
proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or 
inconvenient forum.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 24.  Identical Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one 
or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be 
an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom 
enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of 
this Agreement.
 
Section 25.  Miscellaneous.  Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed 
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of 
this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to 
constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as 
of the day and year first above written.
 
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEMNITEE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Address:
 
 
 
 
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

