 EX-10.4 10 a17-7305_14ex10d4.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4
 
Execution Version
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
- between -
 
Joel Bender
 
- and -
 
Cactus Wellhead, LLC
 
Re: Terms and Conditions of Employment of Joel Bender
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is made 
effective as of February 12, 2018 (the Commencement Date) by Cactus 
Wellhead, LLC (the Employer), and Joel Bender, an individual resident in 
Houston, Texas (the Executive).
 
RECITALS
 
(A)                               The Employer and the Executive entered 
into that certain Employment Agreement dated August 31, 2011 (the Original 
Employment Agreement).
 
(B)                               The Employer and the Executive desire to 
amend and restate the Original Employment Agreement, and each Party agrees 
that unless otherwise noted herein, any prior agreements with respect to 
the employment of the Executive with and by the Employer, including the 
Original Employment Agreement, shall be terminated and replaced in their 
entirety by this Agreement as of the Commencement Date.
 
(C)                               The Employer wishes to continue employing 
the Executive and the Executive wishes to continue to be employed upon the 
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
 
(D)                               In this Agreement, the Employer and the 
Executive will be known as Party or Parties as the context requires.
 
(E)                                In consideration of the mutual 
agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:
 
AGREEMENT
 
    1.                                      FORM, CONTENT AND GOVERNING LAW
 
    1.1                               This Agreement comprises 7 Clauses
    and 2 Schedules and the contents of the Schedules are incorporated
    herein by reference as if fully set forth herein and are made a part of
    this Agreement for all purposes.
 
    1.2                               Capitalized terms used in this
    Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in Schedule 1 or as
    otherwise set forth herein.
 
    1.3                               This Agreement will govern the
    Executives employment with the Employer during the Employment Period.
 
    1.4                               This Agreement will be governed by
    the internal laws of the State of Texas without regard to conflict of
    laws principles.
 
    2.                                      EMPLOYMENT, TERM AND DUTIES
 
    2.1                               The Employer hereby agrees to employ
    the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to be employed by the
    Employer, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    2.2                               Subject to the provisions of Clause
    5, the initial term of the Executives employment under this Agreement
    will be 3 years, commencing on the Commencement Date.  After the end of
    the initial 3 year term, the Executives employment under this
    Agreement will continue automatically until terminated by either Party
    giving to the other Party between 90 and 120 days written notice of
    termination prior to the next anniversary of this Agreement that such
    Party does not wish to extend Executives employment.
 
    2.3                               The Executive will serve as Senior
    Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary of the Employer. 
    The Executive will use his best efforts to promote the success of the
    Employers business, and will cooperate fully with the Board in the
    advancement of the best interests of the Employer.
 
    2.4                               The Executive will perform his duties
    hereunder based at Houston, Texas, subject to reasonable travel.
 
    2.5                               The Executive will be entitled to
    indemnification from the Employer to the maximum extent provided in the
    limited liability company agreement of Employer, as in effect on the
    Commencement Date, for acting as an officer or director or other
    representative of the Employer or its Affiliates when acting on behalf
    of the Employer or its Affiliates, as set forth therein.  Executive
    will be provided with directors and officers liability insurance to the
    same extent as that provided to other officers and directors of the
    Employer and its Affiliates.
 
    3.                                      COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS
 
    3.1                               Salary.  The Executive will be paid a
    salary of Three Hundred Thousand and 00/100 US DOLLARS (US $300,000.00)
    per annum, subject to increase but not decrease by the Board (the
    Salary), which will be payable in equal installments but no less
    frequently than monthly, and otherwise according to the Employers
    customary payroll practices.  The Salary will be reviewed in accordance
    with procedures established by the Board not less frequently than
    annually.  In addition to Salary, the Executive will be eligible to
    receive an annual bonus of up to 100% of Salary in the good faith
    discretion of the Board and as determined based on meeting annually set
    and agreed on budgetary and performance goals.
 
    3.2                               Benefits.  The Executive will, during
    the Employment Period, be permitted to participate in such car schemes,
    expense reimbursement schemes, qualified pension, qualified profit
    sharing, bonus plans, life insurance, hospitalization, major medical,
    and other employee benefit plans of the Employer that may be in effect
    from time to time, to the extent the Executive is eligible under the
    terms of those plans (collectively, the Benefits).  The initial
    contribution level in the car scheme will be at $900 per month.
 
    3.3                               Expense Reimbursements.  The Employer
    will pay on behalf of the Executive (or reimburse the Executive for)
    reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive at the request of, or on
    behalf of, the Employer in the performance of the Executives duties
    pursuant to this Agreement, and in accordance with the Employers
    policies in effect from time to time.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    3.4                               Vacation.  The Executive will be
    entitled to six weeks paid time off (PTO) each year, such PTO to be
    governed by the terms of the Employers then-current policy regarding
    PTO.
 
    3.5                               Tax Liabilities.  The Company shall
    deduct or cause to be deducted from the Salary, bonuses and other
    compensation payable to the Executive all taxes and amounts required by
    law to be withheld.
 
    4.                                      NON-COMPETITION AND
    NON-SOLICITATION; CONFIDENTIALITY
 
As an additional inducement to the Employer to enter into this Agreement, 
and in order to protect the confidential information (including, without 
limitation, trade secrets) and goodwill of the Employer and its Affiliates, 
the Executive agrees that he will abide by the restrictions set forth in 
the Non-competition Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A.
 
    5.                                      TERMINATION
 
    5.1                               The Employment Period, Salary,
    Benefits and any and all other rights of the Executive under this
    Agreement or otherwise as an employee of the Employer will terminate
    upon the first of the following to occur:
 
        (a)                                 the end of the term pursuant to
        Clause 2.2;
 
        (b)                                 the death of the Executive;
 
        (c)                                  the Disability of the
        Executive, effective immediately upon notice from either Party to
        the other;
 
        (d)                                 termination by the Employer for
        Cause, effective immediately upon notice from the Employer to the
        Executive, or at such later time as such notice may specify; or
 
        (e)                                  termination by the Employer
        without Cause, effective upon not less than ninety (90) days prior
        notice from the Employer to the Executive.
 
    5.2                               Notwithstanding the provisions of
    Clauses 2.2 and 5.1, the Executive will be entitled to terminate his
    employment under this Agreement with or without Good Reason, upon not
    less than ninety (90) days prior notice from the Executive to the
    Employer.
 
    6.                                      PAY ON TERMINATION
 
    6.1                               If the Employer terminates this
    Agreement without Cause or if the Executive terminates his employment
    for Good Reason, then, as severance payments, the Employer will provide
    the Executive with a payment equal to the amount of the Executives
    then current Salary for (a) the remaining term of this Agreement
    (determined without regard to any extensions to the original 3 year
    term), if greater than one (1) year, or (b) one (1) year from the date
    of termination otherwise; and, in either such case, the Employer shall
    continue to provide Executive with all Benefits (other than car and
    expense reimbursement schemes) for that same period of time to which
    the Salary relates, subject
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    to compliance by Executive with the Non-competition Agreement attached
    hereto as Exhibit A and the Executives execution of the Release
    Agreement set forth in Exhibit B. Applicable Salary payments will be
    made in a single lump sum cash payment to Executive (less all required
    withholding) within the sixty (60) day period immediately following the
    date of Executives separation from service.
 
    6.2                               If the Employer terminates this
    Agreement for Cause, then the Executive will be entitled to receive his
    Salary and Benefits until the date on which the termination is
    effective.
 
    6.3                               If this Agreement is terminated by
    either Party as a result of the Executives Disability, the Employer
    will pay the Executives Salary and Benefits through the remainder of
    the calendar month during which such termination is effective and for
    the lesser of (a) six (6) consecutive months thereafter, or (b) the
    period until disability insurance benefits commence under any
    disability insurance coverage which may be provided by the Employer to
    the Executive.  Applicable Salary payments will be made in a single
    lump sum cash payment to Executive (less all required withholding)
    within the thirty (30) day period immediately following the date of
    Executives Disability.
 
    6.4                               If this Agreement terminates as a
    result of the death of the Executive, the Executive (or his estate)
    will be entitled to receive his Salary and accrued Benefits through to
    the end of the calendar month in which his death occurs. Applicable
    Salary payments will be made in a single lump sum cash payment to
    Executive (less all required withholding) within the thirty (30) day
    period immediately following the date of Executives death.
 
    6.5                               Except as otherwise specifically
    provided in Clauses 6.1 through 6.4 hereof and as required by law
    (including without limitation the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
    Reconciliation Act (COBRA)), the Executives entitlement to receipt
    of the Benefits will cease on the effective date of termination of this
    Agreement and the Executive will be entitled to accrue such Benefits
    only as provided in the plan providing for the relevant Benefit. 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if the Executive is entitled
    to severance payments under Sections 6.1, 6.3 or 6.4 of this Agreement,
    during such severance period, provided that the Executive elects
    continuation coverage of health insurance in accordance with COBRA, the
    Employer shall be required to pay the Executives portion of COBRA
    payments during the applicable severance period.  In the event that
    COBRA becomes unavailable to the Executive during any part of the
    severance period, the Employer at its sole cost shall obtain separate
    and materially similar health insurance coverage for the Executive
    during the applicable period of severance.  Notwithstanding anything to
    the contrary in this paragraph, the Employers obligation to provide
    the Benefits, COBRA payments or similar healthcare benefits provided by
    Section 6 will cease upon the date that the Executive becomes eligible
    to be covered under another group health insurance plan (other than
    Medicare), and provided further, if the Employers provision of
    benefits pursuant to this Section 6 would violate the nondiscrimination
    rules or would result in the imposition of penalties under the Patient
    Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health
    Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and the related
    regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (the ACA), the
    Employer shall reform this Section 6 in a manner as is necessary to
    comply with the ACA.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    7.                                      MISCELLANEOUS
 
General provisions pertaining to this Agreement are contained in Schedule 1 
attached hereto.  Additionally, Schedule 2 of this Agreement contains 
grievance procedures and dispute resolution procedures.
 
- Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank -
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have executed and delivered this Agreement 
to be effective as of the Commencement Date.
 
 
CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
Name:
Scott Bender
 
Title:
President
 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO JOEL BENDER AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
EXECUTIVE
 
 
 
/s/ Joel Bender
 
Joel Bender
 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO JOEL BENDER AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE 1:  DEFINITIONS AND GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
This is Schedule 1 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between 
Cactus Wellhead, LLC and Joel Bender dated effective February 12, 2018.
 
DEFINITIONS AND GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
1.                                      Definitions.  In this Agreement and 
the Schedules, the following words and expressions will have the following 
meanings unless the context otherwise requires:-
 
Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or 
indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such 
Person.  For purposes of this definition, the term control means, with 
respect to any Entity, the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of such Entity, directly or indirectly, whether 
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and 
the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the 
foregoing.
 
Board means the governing body of the Employer, which shall be the Board 
of Managers.
 
Cause means the Executive:
 
(a)                                 is convicted of, or enters a nolo 
contendre or guilty plea with respect to a crime involving fraud, theft, 
embezzlement or other act of material dishonesty on behalf of the 
Executive, the Boards loss of confidence in Executive because Executive is 
convicted of or enters a nolo contendre or guilty plea with respect to any 
felony or crime involving moral turpitude;
 
(b)                                 commits any other material breach of 
any of the provisions of this Agreement other than a breach which (being 
capable of being remedied) is remedied by him within fourteen (14) days of 
being called upon to do so in writing by the Employer; or
 
(c)                                  fails to perform his duties and 
responsibilities (other than a failure from Disability) for a period of 
thirty (30) consecutive days; provided, however, that the parties hereto 
agree that this is not a performance standard and relates solely to the 
Executive failing to perform his duties and responsibilities in any manner.
 
A termination for Cause shall only be made by action of the Board in a 
special meeting called for the purpose of considering the termination so 
long as Joel Bender or other Bender Managers (as defined in the limited 
liability company agreement of the Employer) do not intentionally fail to 
attend such meeting(s) to prevent the establishment of a quorum for 
conducting business.
 
Disability will be determined in accordance with section 2 below.
 
Employment Period means the term of the Executives employment under this 
Agreement as set out in Clause 2.2.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Good Reason means any of the following, without the Executives prior 
written consent: (a) the Employer commits any material breach of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement; (b) the Employer assigns the Executive to a 
position, responsibilities, or duties of a materially lesser status or 
degree of responsibility than his position, responsibilities or duties as 
of the Commencement Date; (c) the requirement by the Employer that the 
Executive be based anywhere other than Houston, Texas, provided that such a 
change in geographic location be deemed material; or (d) any decrease of 
more than ten percent (10%) in Executives Salary as it exists on the 
effective date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to 
the Executive being eligible to terminate for Good Reason, the Executive 
must provide written notice of termination for Good Reason pursuant to this 
Agreement within the ninety (90) day period immediately following the 
initial existence of the condition at issue, and the Employer shall have 
the opportunity to cure such circumstances within the thirty (30) day 
period of receipt of such notice.  If the Employer cures the applicable 
condition, Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist.
 
2.                                      Disability.  For the purposes of 
Clause 5.1(c), the Executive will be deemed to have a Disability if, for 
physical or mental reasons, the Executive is unable to perform the 
essential functions of the Executives duties under this Agreement for 
3-consecutive months, or 3-months during any twelve-month period.  The 
Disability of the Executive will be determined by the examination of the 
Executive by a medical doctor selected by written agreement of the Parties 
upon the request of either Party by notice to the other Party.  If the 
Parties are unable to agree on the selection of a medical doctor, each of 
the Parties will select a medical doctor and the two medical doctors will 
select a third medical doctor who will conduct the examination to determine 
whether the Executive has a Disability.  The determination of the examining 
medical doctor will be final and binding on the Parties.  The Executive 
must submit to a reasonable number of examinations by the examining medical 
doctor and the Executive hereby authorizes the disclosure and release to 
the Employer of such determination and all supporting medical records.  If 
the Executive is not legally competent then the Executives legal guardian 
or duly authorized attorney-in-fact will act in the Executives stead for 
the purposes of submitting the Executive to the examination, and providing 
the authorization of disclosure required.  If requested by Employer, 
Executive will execute such further documents as are necessary to permit 
such disclosure in a timely manner.
 
3.                                      Notices.  All notices, consents, 
waivers, and other communications under this Agreement must be in writing 
and will be deemed to have been duly given when (a) delivered by hand (with 
written confirmation of receipt), (b) sent by facsimile (with written 
confirmation of receipt), provided that a copy is mailed by certified mail, 
return receipt requested, or (c) when received by the addressee, if sent by 
a nationally recognized overnight delivery service (receipt requested), in 
each case to the appropriate addresses and facsimile numbers set forth 
below (or to such other addresses and facsimile numbers as a Party may 
designate by notice to the other party):
 
    Executive:
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Employer:
     
    Cactus Wellhead, LLC
    920 Memorial City Way
    Suite 300
    Houston, Texas 77024
    Attention: Senior Vice President
 
4.                                      Further Assurances.  The Parties 
agree (a) to furnish upon request in a timely manner to each other such 
further information, (b) to execute and deliver to each other such other 
documents, and (c) to do such other acts and things, all as the other Party 
may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this 
Agreement and the documents referred to in this Agreement.
 
5.                                      Waiver.
 
5.1                               The rights and remedies of the Parties to 
this Agreement are cumulative and not alternative.  Neither the failure nor 
any delay by any Party in exercising any right, power, or privilege under 
this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement will operate 
as a waiver of such right, power, or privilege, and no single or partial 
exercise of any such right, power, or privilege will preclude any other or 
further exercise of such right, power, or privilege or the exercise of any 
other right, power, or privilege.
 
5.2                               To the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable law, (a) no claim or right arising out of this Agreement or the 
documents referred to in this Agreement may be discharged by one Party, in 
whole or in part, by a waiver or renunciation of the claim or right unless 
in writing signed by the both Parties; (b) no waiver that may be given by a 
Party will be applicable except in the specific instance for which it is 
given; and (c) no notice to or demand on one Party will be deemed to be a 
waiver of any obligation of such Party or of the right of the Party giving 
such notice or demand to take further action without notice or demand as 
provided in this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement.
 
6.                                      Internal Revenue Code Section 409A
.  The Parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in 
accordance with Section 409A of the Code and all regulations promulgated 
thereunder (Section 409A).  To the extent that any provision of this 
Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A, the 
provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder are 
either exempt or comply with Section 409A.  The Parties agree that this 
Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either Party, as may 
be necessary to be exempt from or fully comply with Section 409A in order 
to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional 
cost to either Party. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the 
contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation 
and/or tax penalties under Section 409A, Executive shall not be considered 
to have terminated employment with the Employer or any subsidiary or 
Affiliate thereof for purposes of this Agreement unless Executive would be 
considered to have incurred a separation from service within the meaning 
of Section 409A from the Employer or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement 
shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 
409A, and any payments described in this Agreement that are
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
due within the short term deferral period as defined in Section 409A 
shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless applicable law 
requires otherwise.  Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding 
anything contained herein to the contrary, if Executive is deemed by the 
Employer at the time of Executives separation from service to be a 
specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, to the extent delayed 
commencement of any portion of the benefits to which Executive is entitled 
under this Agreement is required in order to avoid the imposition of 
additional taxes and interest on Executive under Section 409A, such portion 
of Executives benefits shall not be provided to Executive prior to the 
earlier of (a) the expiration of the six-(6) month period measured from the 
date of Executives separation from service or (b) the date of Executives 
death.
 
7.                                      Assignments, Successors, And No 
Third-Party Rights.  This Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and will 
be binding upon, the Parties hereto and their respective successors, 
assigns, heirs, and legal representatives, including any entity with which 
the Employer may merge or consolidate or be converted into or to which all 
or substantially all of its assets may be transferred.  The duties and 
covenants of the Employee under this Agreement, being personal, may not be 
delegated.
 
8.                                      Prior Agreements. The Parties agree 
that any prior agreements with respect to the employment of the Executive 
with and by the Employer, including the Original Employment Agreement, 
shall be terminated and replaced in their entirety by this Agreement as of 
the Commencement Date.  The Executive acknowledges and agrees that he has 
received all payments, benefits and other compensation to which he was 
entitled or could ever be entitled under the Original Employment Agreement 
and that he has no further rights, claims or entitlements under the 
Original Employment Agreement or any other prior agreements relating to his 
employment by the Employer prior to the Commencement Date, except for the 
payment of any base salary for the final pay period under the Original 
Employment Agreement through the Commencement Date to the extent not 
already paid.
 
9.                                      Severability.  If any provision of 
this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent 
jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full 
force and effect.  Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or 
unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect 
to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable and the invalid or 
unenforceable provision(s) shall be deemed replaced by valid and 
enforceable provisions that are consistent with the expressed intent of the 
Parties to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
 
10.                               Time Of Essence.  With regard to all 
dates and time periods set forth or referred to in this Agreement, time is 
of the essence.
 
11.                               Counterparts.  This Agreement may be 
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an 
original copy of this Agreement and all of which, when taken together, will 
be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement.
 
11.                               Amendment. Any amendment to or 
modification of this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by both 
Parties.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE 2:  GRIEVANCE PROCEDURES AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
 
This is Schedule 2 to the Employment Agreement between Cactus Wellhead, LLC 
and Joel Bender dated effective February 12, 2018.
 
GRIEVANCE PROCEDURES AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
 
1.                                      If the Executive wishes to obtain 
redress of any grievance relating to his employment or is dissatisfied with 
any reprimand, suspension or other disciplinary step taken by the Employer, 
he will apply in writing, setting out the nature and details of any such 
grievance or dissatisfaction, to the Board of Managers.
 
2.                                      In the event that there is a 
dispute arising out of or in any way relating to this Agreement, the 
Parties covenant and agree as follows:
 
2.1                               The Parties will first use their 
reasonable best efforts to resolve such dispute among themselves, with or 
without mediation.
 
2.2                               If the Parties are unable to resolve such 
dispute among themselves, they will use their reasonable best efforts to 
agree upon an individual arbitrator to settle the dispute.  Any award as a 
result of such arbitration will be final and binding upon the Parties and 
the Parties agree to abide by and perform any award rendered by the 
arbitrator.  Such a ruling will be non-appealable.
 
2.3                               If the Parties are unable to agree on a 
single arbitrator such dispute will be submitted to binding arbitration in 
Houston, Texas, pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, under the auspices 
of, and pursuant to the rules, of the American Arbitration Associations 
Commercial Arbitration Rules as then in effect, or such other procedures as 
the Parties may agree to at the time, before a tribunal of three (3) 
arbitrators, one of which will be selected by the Executive, one of which 
will be selected by the Employer, and the third of which will be selected 
by the two arbitrators so selected.  Any award issued as a result of such 
arbitration will be final and binding upon the Parties as to all demands, 
complaints, claims, liens, obligations, liabilities or causes of action, 
including, but not limited to, all claims of unlawful employment 
discrimination, harassment or retaliation under state, local or federal law 
(including, but not limited to, the Texas Code, the Americans with 
Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Older 
Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the National 
Labor Relations Act, the Labor Management Relations Act, and the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended), and will be 
enforceable by any court having jurisdiction over the Party against whom 
enforcement is sought.  A ruling by the arbitrators will be non-appealable 
except as provided by the Federal Arbitration Act.  The Parties agree to 
abide by and perform any award rendered by the arbitrators except as 
provided by the Federal Arbitration Act.
 
2.4                               If either the Employer or the Executive 
materially breaches this Agreement or fails to comply with any final and 
non-appealable award and the other party thereafter seeks enforcement of 
any award rendered by the arbitrators, then the prevailing Party 
(designated by the arbitrators) to such proceeding(s) will be entitled to 
recover all of its costs and expenses from the non-prevailing Party, in 
addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
2.5                               If a dispute arises and one Party fails 
or refuses to designate an arbitrator within thirty (30) days after receipt 
of a written notice that an arbitration proceeding is to be held, then the 
rules of the Federal Arbitration Act shall apply to designate the 
arbitrator not so designated by a Party.
 
2.6                               Either the Employer or the Executive may 
cause an arbitration proceeding to commence by giving the other Party 
notice in writing of such arbitration.  The Employer and the Executive 
covenant and agree to act as expeditiously as practicable to resolve all 
disputes by arbitration.
 
2.7                               The arbitration proceeding will be held 
in English.
 
2.8                               Notwithstanding anything contained in 
this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Employer nor the Executive will 
be precluded from seeking interim court action at any time after commencing 
arbitration and before the arbitrators are selected in the event the relief 
sought is equitable relief to preserve the status quo.  All such interim 
remedies shall not bind the arbitrators in connection with any subsequent 
rulings.  Legal process in any such action or proceeding may be served on 
any party anywhere in the world.
 
2.9                               Except as expressly provided herein and 
except for an action seeking injunctive or other equitable relief to 
enforce the provisions of this Agreement, no action may be brought in any 
court of law and EACH OF THE PARTIES WAIVES ANY RIGHTS THAT IT MAY HAVE TO 
BRING A CAUSE OF ACTION IN ANY COURT OR IN ANY PROCEEDING INVOLVING A JURY 
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A:  NON-COMPETITION
 
CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-SOLICITATION, NON-COMPETITION, AND NON-RECRUITMENT
 
This AMENDED AND RESTATED NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), 
dated as of                       , 2018, is made by and between Cactus 
Wellhead, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and 
Joel Bender (Employee).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in the business of providing API 6A 
well-head equipment, gate valves and associated services to the oilfield 
service industry (the Business);
 
WHEREAS, the Company and Employee entered into that certain Noncompetition 
Agreement dated August 31, 2011 (the Original Noncompetition Agreement);
 
WHEREAS, in connection with the initial public offering of Cactus, Inc., 
the Employee will be receiving equity awards in consideration for his 
services to Cactus, Inc. and the Company (the Equity Awards);
 
WHEREAS, in consideration of the Equity Awards, the Company and Employee 
desire to amend and restate the Original Noncompetition Agreement, which 
shall be terminated and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement as of 
the Effective Date (as defined below); and
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee are parties to an Amended and 
Restated Employment Agreement of even date herewith (the Employment 
Agreement).
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to 
this Agreement agree as follows:
 
Section 1.                                          Term. The term of this 
Agreement shall commence as of the date first set forth above (the 
Effective Date) and, except as set forth herein, shall remain in full 
force and effect until twelve (12) months after the date that Employee 
ceases to be an employee of the Company (the Term). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Term of this Agreement shall terminate and this Agreement 
shall be of no further force and effect if Employee is entitled to 
severance or other payments under the Employment Agreement at or after the 
Termination Date (as defined below) and such payments are not made by the 
Company in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement.
 
Section 2.                                          Consideration.
 
(a)                                           The Company has provided and 
shall provide Employee access to Confidential Information (as defined 
below) and Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Company has entrusted 
and will be entrusting Employee, in Employees unique and special
 
A-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
capacity, with developing the goodwill of the Company.  In consideration 
thereof and in consideration of the Equity Awards and as a condition to the 
Companys employment of Employee pursuant to the terms of the Employment 
Agreement, Employee voluntarily agrees to the covenants set forth in this 
Agreement.
 
(b)                                           In exchange for Employees 
promise not to disclose Confidential Information of the Company, the 
Company has provided and will provide Employee access to Confidential 
Information that is unknown to Employee. Employee and the Company agree 
that the consideration provided in this otherwise enforceable agreement 
gives rise to Companys interest in restraining employee from competing.
 
Section 3.                                          Noncompetition and 
Nonsolicitation.
 
(a)                                           Acknowledgement. Employee 
recognizes and acknowledges that it is essential for the proper protection 
of the business and goodwill of the Company and for the proper protection 
of the Confidential Information that Employee be restrained: (i) from 
soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company to leave the employ of 
the Company; (ii) from soliciting the trade of or trading with the 
customers and of the Company for any business purpose competitive with the 
Companys business; and (iii) from competing against the Company in 
connection with the Companys business.
 
(b)                                           Noncompetition. During the 
Term, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, become or be interested 
in, employed by, or associated with in any capacity, any other person, 
corporation, partnership or other entity whatsoever (a Person) engaged in 
the Business or in any other businesses (the New Businesses) in which the 
Company was actively engaged as of the date Employee ceases to be an 
employee of the Company (the Termination Date) in the Applicable Areas 
(defined below), or in any geographic or market area in which the Company 
is conducting the Business or the New Businesses as of the Termination 
Date. Notwithstanding the above, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent 
Employee from owning, as an inactive investor, up to five percent (5%) of 
the securities of any competitor of the Company, which securities are 
listed on a national securities exchange. Furthermore, after the 
Termination Date, Employee may become employed in a separate, autonomous 
division of a Person (regardless of whether such Person is engaged in the 
Business or in one or more of the New Businesses) provided: (i) such 
division is not in competition with the Business or with one of the New 
Businesses, and (ii) Employee is not materially engaged in any other 
division or part of such Person.  The Applicable Areas shall be defined 
as (x) the following states: Alaska,  Colorado, Oklahoma, Louisiana, 
Mississippi, Montana, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, 
Pennsylvania, Texas, West Virginia, Wyoming; and (y) the following 
countries: Australia, China and Israel.
 
(c)                                            Non-Solicitation of 
Customers. During the Term, Employee shall not, on Employees behalf or on 
behalf of any other Person other than the Company, directly or indirectly, 
solicit, contact, call upon, communicate with or attempt to communicate 
with any Person which was a customer of the Company within twelve (12) 
months before the Termination Date for the purpose of soliciting or 
enticing any such Person to cease doing business with the Company or to 
begin doing business with any Person providing competing goods or services 
as the Company; provided, that the restrictions set forth in this Section 
3(c) shall only apply to
 
A-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
customers of businesses of the Company with which Employee was materially 
involved while an employee of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Company acknowledges the Employees ownership and participation in Cactus 
Pipe & Supply, LLC and agrees that such ownership and participation does 
not, as of the date hereof, violate the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement.
 
(d)                                           Non-Solicitation of Employees
. During the Term, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, hire, 
contract with, solicit, or encourage to leave the Companys employ any of 
the Companys employees.
 
(e)                                            Enforceability. The parties 
acknowledge and agree that the restrictions set forth in this Section 3 
are narrowly tailored to protect the legitimate interests of the parties 
and are reasonable. If, however, at the time of enforcement of any of the 
provisions of this Section 3 a court holds that the restrictions stated 
herein are unreasonable under the circumstances then existing or are 
otherwise illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect by reason of its 
duration, definition of geographic area or scope of activity, or any other 
reason, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or 
geographical area reasonable or otherwise enforceable under such 
circumstances shall be deemed automatically substituted for the stated 
period, scope or area, but the validity, legality and enforceability of 
such provision shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby in any 
other jurisdiction and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full 
force and effect. The parties also acknowledge and agree that in the event 
any provision of this Section 3 is declared void or unenforceable by any 
court in any state, such determination shall not affect any other provision 
of this Section 3.
 
Section 4.                                          Confidentiality.
 
(a)                                           Acknowledgement. Employee 
acknowledges and agrees that: (i) Employee during the term of the Original 
Noncompetition Agreement had access to and acquired, and during the Term 
will have access to and will acquire, certain confidential and proprietary 
information relating to the business and operation of the Company, 
including but not limited to information with respect to the existing and 
contemplated services, products, trade secrets, ideas, know how, research 
and development, formulas, models, compilations, processes, inventions, 
computer code generated or developed, software or programs, related 
documentation, business and financial methods or practices, plans, pricing, 
operating margins, marketing, merchandising and selling techniques and 
information, customer lists, details of customer agreements, sources of 
supply, employee compensation and benefit plans, customer records and data 
of the Company, and other confidential information relating to the 
policies, operating strategies, expansion strategies or business strategies 
or other confidential or proprietary information of the Company 
(collectively, the Confidential Information); (ii) the Confidential 
Information is the property of the Company; (iii) the use, misappropriation 
or disclosure of the Confidential Information would constitute a breach of 
trust and could cause irreparable injury to the Company; and (iv) it is 
essential to the protection of the Companys good will and to the 
maintenance of the Companys competitive position that the Confidential 
Information be kept secret and that Employee not disclose the Confidential 
Information to others or use the Confidential Information to Employees own 
advantage or the advantage of others.
 
A-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                           Non-Disclosure of 
Confidential Information. Employee covenants and agrees to hold and 
safeguard the Confidential Information in trust for the Company, its 
successors and assigns, and agrees that Employee shall not, without the 
prior written consent of the Company, misappropriate or disclose or make 
available to anyone at any time, any of the Confidential Information, 
whether or not developed by Employee; provided, however, that the foregoing 
shall not apply to: (i) any information generally available to the public 
or which becomes generally available to the public through no fault of 
Employee, but only from and after the date such information becomes so 
available; (ii) any information obtained by Employee from a third party 
which Employee has no reason to believe, after reasonable inquiry, is 
violating any obligation of confidentiality to the Company; or (iii) any 
information Employee is required by law to disclose provided that the 
Company is promptly given advance notice of and an opportunity to contest 
such disclosure.
 
(c)                                            Permitted Disclosures.  
Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Employee from lawfully 
(i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing 
information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise 
assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory agency, 
entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental Authorities) regarding 
a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal 
process directed to Employee individually from any such Governmental 
Authorities; (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an 
action or proceeding by any such Governmental Authorities relating to a 
possible violation of law; or (iv) making any other disclosures that are 
protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law.  
Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, 
Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal 
or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (i) is 
made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, 
either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely for the 
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) 
is made to Employees attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation 
against Employee for reporting a suspected violation of law; or (iii) is 
made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other 
proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.  This Agreement does not 
require Employee to obtain prior authorization from the Company before 
engaging in any conduct described in this paragraph, or to notify the 
Company that Employee has engaged in any such conduct.
 
Section 5.                                          Intellectual Property. 
Employee understands and acknowledges that the Company shall have the sole 
and exclusive rights to anything relating to its actual or prospective 
business which the Employee conceives or works on, either in whole or in 
part, while employed by the Company and that all such work product shall be 
the property of the Company as works for hire under federal law and may 
also constitute the Companys confidential and proprietary information. 
Accordingly, Employee agrees that he:
 
        (a)                                 will promptly and fully
        disclose all such items to the Company and will not disclose such
        items to any other Person without the Companys prior written
        consent;
 
        (b)                                 will maintain on the Companys
        behalf and surrender to the Company upon termination of his/her
        employment appropriate written records regarding all such items;
 
A-4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (c)                                  will, but without personal
        expense, fully cooperate with the Company, execute all papers and
        perform all acts requested by the Company to establish, confirm or
        protect its exclusive rights in such items or to enable it to
        transfer legal title to such items, together with any patents that
        may be issued;
 
        (d)                                 will, but without personal
        expense, provide such information and true testimony as the Company
        may request regarding such items including, without limitation,
        items which Employee neither conceived nor worked on but regarding
        which Employee has knowledge because of Employees employment with
        the Company;
 
        (e)                                  hereby assigns to the Company,
        its successors and assigns, exclusive right, title and interest in
        and to all such items, including any patents which have been or may
        be issued; and
 
        (f)                                   hereby agrees that only such
        items in which Employee personally holds or claims an interest and
        which are not subject to this Agreement are listed on the Ownership
        Schedule attached hereto. The absence of an Ownership Schedule
        means that no such items exist.
 
Section 6.                                          Injunctive Relief. 
Employee acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any breach by 
Employee of any of Employees covenants or agreements contained herein, 
including, without limitation, a breach of Sections 3, 4, and 5, the 
Company would suffer substantial and irrevocable harm and money damages 
would not be a sufficient remedy for such a breach. Therefore, in the event 
of any such breach and in addition to any other remedy the Company may have 
at law or in equity in the event of any such breach, the Company shall be 
entitled to seek and receive specific performance and temporary, 
preliminary and permanent injunctive relief from any breach of any of the 
covenants or agreements of this Agreement from any court of competent 
jurisdiction without the necessity of proving the amount of any actual 
damages to it resulting from such breach.
 
Section 7.                                          Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                           Notice. All notices, 
consents, waivers, and other communications under this Agreement must be in 
writing and will be deemed to have been duly given:
 
(i)                                     two days after deposit in the mail, 
if sent first-class United States mail;
 
(ii)                                  when delivered by hand (with written 
confirmation of receipt);
 
(iii)                               when sent by facsimile (with written 
confirmation of receipt), provided that a copy is mailed by registered 
mail, return receipt requested; or
 
(iv)                              when received by the addressee, if sent 
by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service (receipt requested), 
in each case to the appropriate addresses and facsimile numbers set forth 
below (or to such other addresses and facsimile numbers as a party may 
designate by notice to the other parties):
 
A-5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        if to Employee:
 
        if to the Company:
 
        Cactus Wellhead, LLC
        920 Memorial City Way, Suite 300
        Houston, TX 77024
        Facsimile: 713-396-5810
 
(b)                                 Assignment; Binding Effect. Neither the 
rights nor the obligations under this Agreement may be assigned by Employee 
without the written consent of the Company, which may be withheld for any 
reason. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 
Employee and his heirs, personal representatives, and assigns. This 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and 
its successors and assigns. Employees obligations under this Agreement 
shall be binding upon Employee regardless of which office(s) of the Company 
Employee is employed at or position(s) Employee may hold and shall inure to 
the benefit of any successors or assigns of the Company.
 
(c)                                  Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to principles of 
conflicts of law thereof.
 
(d)                                 Amendment; Waiver. No modification or 
amendment to this Agreement shall be valid unless made in writing and 
signed by all parties hereto. Any waiver by any party of any violation of, 
breach of or default under any provision of this Agreement by the other 
party shall not be construed as, or constitute, a continuing waiver of such 
provision, or waiver of any other violation of, breach of or default under 
any other provision of this Agreement.
 
(e)                                  Severability. Nothing contained in 
this Agreement shall be construed as requiring the commission of any act 
contrary to law. If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is 
deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such 
provision (expressly including, without limitation, any provision set forth 
in Section 3), shall be deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws of 
such jurisdiction so as to be valid and enforceable.
 
(f)                                   Headings. The headings in this 
Agreement are intended solely for convenience and shall be disregarded in 
interpreting it.
 
(g)                                  Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets 
forth the entire understanding of the parties to this Agreement regarding 
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements (including, 
without limitation, the Original Noncompetition Agreement), arrangements, 
communications, representations and warranties, whether oral or written, 
between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof.
 
A-6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(h)                                 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. 
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same agreement. A signature hereto sent or delivered by facsimile 
or other electronic transmission shall be as legally binding and 
enforceable as a signed original for all purposes.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 
A-7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employee has executed this Agreement and the Company 
has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf as of the Effective 
Date.
 
 
CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
I, Joel Bender, acknowledge and agree that I was given ample opportunity to 
evaluate this Agreement before I signed it, that I wish to accept the 
benefits of employment by the Company, that I understand the restrictions 
upon me as to competition after termination of my employment and I believe 
them to be reasonable and necessary to protect the Company, and that the 
Company will be entitled to stop, by court injunction, any violation of the 
restrictions by me.
 
 
EMPLOYEE
 
 
 
 
 
Joel Bender
 
A-8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT B:  RELEASE
 
RELEASE AGREEMENT
 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF the special payments and benefits to be 
provided in connection with the termination of my employment in accordance 
with Section 6.1 of the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as 
of                    , 2018 (as amended and in effect from time to time, 
the Employment Agreement) between Cactus Wellhead, LLC (the Company), 
and me, I, on my own behalf and on behalf of my personal and legal 
representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, 
distributees, devisees and legatees and all others connected with me, 
hereby release and forever discharge the Company and its affiliates and all 
of their respective past and present officers, directors, managers, 
stockholders, controlling persons, employees, agents, representatives, 
successors and assigns and all others connected with any of them (the 
Released Parties), both individually and in their official capacities, 
from any and all rights, liabilities, claims, damages, demands and causes 
of action, whether statutory or at common law (including any claim for 
salary, benefits, payments, expenses, costs, attorneys fees, damages, 
penalties, compensation, remuneration, contractual entitlements) 
(collectively, Claims) relating to any matter occurring on or prior to 
the date of my signing of this Release Agreement (the Release), including 
any Claims resulting from, arising out of, or connected with my employment 
or its termination and any other Claims pursuant to: (a) any federal, 
state, foreign or local law, regulation or other requirement (including 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in 
Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and 
any other local, state, or federal anti-discrimination or anti-retaliation 
law, each as amended from time to time); (b) any other local, state or 
federal law, regulation or ordinance; (c) any public policy or common law; 
and (d) any contract I may have with any Released Party, including the 
Employment Agreement (collectively, the Released Claims); provided, 
however, that the foregoing release shall not apply to (i) any right 
explicitly set forth in the Employment Agreement to any payments and 
benefits to be provided in connection with the termination of my 
employment, (ii) any right or claim that arises after the date this release 
is executed, (iii) any right I may have to vested or accrued benefits or 
entitlements under any applicable plan, agreement, program, award, policy 
or arrangement of the Company and its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, 
(iv) my right to indemnification and advancement of expenses in accordance 
with applicable laws and/or the certificate of incorporation and by-laws, 
limited liability company agreement or other governing documents of the 
Company and its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, or any applicable 
insurance policy, or (v) any right I may have to obtain contribution as 
permitted by law in the event of entry of judgment against me as a result 
of any act or failure to act for which I, on the one hand, and any Released 
Party, on the other hand, are jointly liable. This Release is not intended 
to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are 
meritorious. Rather, I am simply agreeing that, in exchange for the 
consideration received by me through this Release, any and all Released 
Claims that I may have against any Released Party, regardless of whether 
they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised and waived. This 
Release includes matters attributable to the sole or partial negligence 
(whether gross or simple) or other fault, including strict liability, of 
any Released Party.
 
B-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Notwithstanding the release of liability contained herein, nothing in this 
Release prevents me from filing any non-legally waivable claim (including a 
challenge to the validity of this Release) with the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or other government agency; however, I 
understand and agree that I am waiving any and all rights to recover any 
monetary or personal relief as a result of such EEOC or other government 
agency proceeding or subsequent legal action.
 
In signing this Release, I acknowledge that (i) I have carefully read this 
Release; (ii) I have had at least twenty-one (21) days from the date of 
notice of termination of my employment, or in the event that such 
termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other 
employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), the date that is 
forty-five (45) days following such notice date, to consider the terms of 
this Release and that such time has been sufficient; (iii) I am hereby 
encouraged by the Company to seek the advice of an attorney prior to 
signing this Release and have had adequate opportunity to do so; (iv) I am 
not entitled to the consideration set forth in Section 6.1 of the 
Employment Agreement but for my entry into, and non-revocation of, this 
Release within the time provided to do so; and (v) I am signing this 
Release voluntarily and with a full understanding and acceptance of its 
terms, I understand the final and binding effect of this Release, and the 
only promises made to me to sign this Release are those stated in the 
Employment Agreement and herein.
 
I understand that I may revoke this Release at any time within seven days 
of the date of my signing by providing written notice to the Company of 
such revocation so that such notice is received by the Company no later 
than 11:59 P.M. on the seventh (7th) day after I sign this Release and that 
this Release will take effect only upon the expiration of such seven-day 
(7) revocation period (the Effective Date) and only if I have not timely 
revoked it.
 
Intending to be legally bound, I have signed this Release to be effective 
as of the Effective Date.
 
 
 
 
Joel Bender
 
 
 
Date
 
B-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------