 EX-10.11 18 a2234454zex-10_11.htm EX-10.11
Exhibit 10.11
 
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Executive Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into 
effective as of February 12, 2018 (the Effective Date), by and between 
Frank Yocca, Ph.D. (the Executive) and BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (the Company).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Company wishes to retain Executive as its Chief Scientific 
Officer;
 
WHEREAS, the Company wishes to secure the services of Executive upon the 
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and Executive wishes to render 
such services to the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set 
forth;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants 
herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, 
intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:
 
AGREEMENT
 
1.             Definition of Terms. The following terms referred to in this 
Agreement shall have the following meanings:
 
(a)           Cause shall mean any of the following: (i) a material 
breach or material default (including, without limitation, any material 
dereliction of duty) by Executive of this Agreement or any agreement 
between Executive and the Company, or a repeated failure by Executive to 
follow the direction of the Company; (ii) Executives gross negligence, 
willful misfeasance or breach of fiduciary duty to the Company or its 
affiliates; (iii) the commission by Executive of an act or omission 
involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation or dishonesty in connection 
with Executives duties to the Company or its affiliates or that is 
otherwise likely to be materially injurious to the business or reputation 
of the Company or its affiliates; or (iv) Executives conviction of, 
indictment for, or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony or 
other crime involving fraud or moral turpitude.  For purposes of this 
subsection, no act or failure to act on Executives part shall be 
considered willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive not 
in good faith and without reasonable belief that his action or omission was 
in the best interest of the Company.  Any determination of whether Cause 
exists shall be made by the Company in its sole and absolute discretion.  
Provided, however, that before a termination for Cause pursuant to Section 
1(a)(iii) or (iv) is effective, Executive will be given written notice of 
the particular circumstances constituting the basis for the termination for 
Cause and thirty (30) calendar days to cure those particular circumstances 
(the Executives Cure Period).  Any determination as to whether Executive 
successfully cured the circumstances at issue shall be made by the Company 
in its sole and absolute discretion.  Failing such cure, Executives 
termination for Cause pursuant to Section 1(a)(iii) or (iv) shall be 
effective on the day immediately following the expiration of Executives 
Cure Period.
 
(b)           Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the 
following events:
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)            the date on which any person (as such term is used in 
Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the Exchange Act)) obtains beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 
13d-3 of the Exchange Act) or a pecuniary interest in fifty percent (50%) 
or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding 
securities (Voting Stock);
 
(ii)           the consummation of a merger, consolidation, reorganization, 
or similar transaction involving the Company, other than a transaction: (1) 
in which substantially all of the holders of the Voting Stock immediately 
prior to such transaction hold or receive directly or indirectly fifty 
percent (50%) or more of the voting stock of the resulting entity or a 
parent company thereof, in substantially the same proportions as their 
ownership of the Company immediately prior to the transaction; or (2) in 
which the holders of the Companys capital stock immediately before such 
transaction will, immediately after such transaction, hold as a group on a 
fully diluted basis the ability to elect at least a majority of the 
authorized directors of the surviving entity (or a parent company); or
 
(iii)          there is consummated a sale, lease, license or disposition 
of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and 
its subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or disposition of all 
or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its 
subsidiaries to an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined 
voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of 
the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the 
Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or disposition.
 
(c)           Disability means a physical or mental disability, which 
prevents Executive from performing Executives duties under this Agreement 
for a period of at least 120 consecutive days in any twelve month period or 
150 non consecutive days in any twelve month period.
 
(d)           Good Reason shall mean without Executives express written 
consent any of the following: (i) a significant reduction of Executives 
duties, position or responsibilities relative to Executives duties, 
position or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction, 
or the removal of Executive from such position, duties or responsibilities; 
(ii) the relocation of Executive to a facility or a location more than 
twenty-five (25) miles from the Companys then current principal location 
or (iii) any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the 
Company or any successor to the Company of its obligations to Executive 
under this Agreement, including but not-limited to the commencement of a 
voluntary  or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding.  Provided, however, that 
before a termination for Good Reason pursuant to Section 1(d)(i) or (ii) is 
effective, Executive will provide the Company with written notice of the 
particular circumstances constituting the basis for his termination with 
Good Reason and thirty (30) calendar days to cure these particular 
circumstances (the Companys Cure Period).  Failing such cure, 
Executives termination of employment for Good Reason shall be effective on 
the day immediately following the expiration of the Companys Cure Period.
 
(e)           IPO shall mean on or before June 30, 2018, a firm 
commitment underwritten public offering of shares of common stock (and any 
other securities of BTI that may be sold along with such shares of common 
stock in any such public offering).
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
2.             Duties and Scope of Position. During the Employment Term (as 
defined below), Executive will serve as Chief Scientific Officer of the 
Company, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, and assuming and 
discharging such responsibilities as are commensurate with Executives 
position.  During the Employment Term, Executive will provide services in a 
manner that will faithfully and diligently further the business of the 
Company and will devote all of Executives business time, attention and 
energy thereto.  Executive may not serve as a director on any entitys 
board of directors without prior written consent of the Company, which 
consent may be withheld by the Company in its sole and absolute discretion.
 
3.             Employment Term. The term of Executives employment under 
this Agreement shall commence as of the date above (the Effective Date) 
and shall continue for a period of two (2) years, unless earlier terminated 
in accordance with Section 9 hereof. The term of Executives employment 
shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods until 
Executive or the Company delivers to the other party a written notice of 
their intent not to renew the Employment Term, such written notice to be 
delivered at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the 
then-effective Employment Term as that term is defined below. The period 
commencing as of the Effective Date and ending two (2)  years from the 
Effective Date or such later date to which the term of Executives 
employment under this Agreement shall have been extended is referred to 
herein as the Employment Term.
 
4.             Base Compensation. Initially, the Company shall pay to 
Executive a base compensation (the Base Compensation) of $180,000 per 
year (prorated for any partial year), payable in accordance with the 
Companys regular payroll practices and shall be subject to all applicable 
tax withholdings and deductions. The Base Compensation shall be increased 
to $280,000 per year (prorated for any partial year) after an IPO, less 
applicable tax withholdings and deductions. The Company shall review 
Executives performance from time to time for purposes of, among other 
things, determining the appropriateness of increasing or decreasing his 
Base Compensation hereunder. For purposes of the Agreement, the term Base 
Compensation as of any point in time shall refer to the Base Compensation 
as adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.
 
5.             Bonus.
 
(a)           Target Bonus.  If the Company completes an IPO, then 
Executive may be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Bonus) of up to 
35% of Base Compensation.  The actual amount of such Bonus, if any, will be 
determined by the Company in its sole and absolute discretion based upon, 
among other things, the Companys achievement of performance milestones for 
each fiscal year (in each case, the Target Year) following the IPO.  The 
performance milestones referenced in this Section 5 for each Target Year 
shall be mutually agreed upon by Executive and either the Companys Board 
of Directors or its compensation committee (the Board). Such performance 
milestones shall be established by the last day of the first month of the 
Target Year.  If Executive and the Board are unable to mutually agree upon 
such performance milestones, then the Company shall determine the 
performance milestones in its sole and absolute discretion.  The Bonus, if 
any, shall be paid by the end of the third month of the fiscal year 
immediately following the Target Year. Executive must be continuously 
employed by the Company through the end of the Target Year for which the 
Bonus is calculated in order to receive such payment. Except in the case of 
termination
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
by the Company without cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, Executive 
must be employed by the Company on the Bonus payment date in order to be 
eligible for any such payment.  For purposes of clarity, upon a termination 
for Cause or Executives termination without Good Reason, Executive will 
not be eligible to earn and receive any Bonus.
 
(b)           IPO Bonus.  Executive shall be entitled to a special bonus 
upon the completion of an IPO (IPO Bonus). The IPO Bonus shall be equal 
to $15,000.  The IPO Bonus, if any, shall be paid on the first regularly 
scheduled payroll date immediately following the IPO. Executive must be 
continuously employed by the Company through the completion of the IPO for 
which the IPO Bonus is calculated in order to receive such payment. Except 
in the case of termination by the Company without cause or by the Executive 
for Good Reason, Executive must be employed by the Company on the IPO Bonus 
payment date in order to be eligible for any such payment.  For purposes of 
clarity, upon a termination for Cause or Executives termination without 
Good Reason, Executive will not be eligible to earn and receive any IPO 
Bonus.
 
6.             Benefits; Vacation Days. (a) The Company will establish an 
employee healthcare and other benefit plans as soon as commercially 
practicable after the IPO. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be 
entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans and programs that the 
Company decides, in its sole and absolute discretion, to make available to 
the Companys senior level executives as a group or to its employees 
generally, as such plans or programs may be in effect from time to time.
 
(b) During the Employment Period, Employee shall be entitled to fifteen 
(15) vacation days per year, as well as holidays, sick days and personal 
days in accordance with the Companys policies, as such policies may be 
amended from time to time.  Any unused vacation, holiday, sick or personal 
days earned in one calendar year may not be used in any subsequent calendar 
year.  Upon the termination of the Executives employment with the Company, 
no cash shall be paid in lieu of accrued but unused vacation, holiday, sick 
or personal days.
 
        7.                                      Termination.
 
(a)           Termination by the Company. The Company may terminate 
Executives employment immediately for Cause.  Provided, however, that if 
the Company seeks to terminate Executives employment for Cause as defined 
in Section 1(a)(iii) or (iv), then Executives termination shall not be 
effective until the day immediately following the expiration of the 
Executives Cure Period.  Except as otherwise set forth in Section 9(c) 
below, the Company must provide Executive with thirty (30) days advance 
written notice of its decision to terminate Executives employment without 
Cause.
 
(b)           Termination by Executive. Executive may terminate his 
employment for Good Reason, provided that, such termination for Good Reason 
shall not be effective until the day immediately following the expiration 
of the Companys Cure Period.  Executive must provide the Company with 
ninety (90) days advance written notice of his decision to terminate his 
employment without Good Reason.  Following its receipt of Executives 
advance written notice of Executives decision to terminate his employment 
without Good Reason, the Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
decide to render Executives termination without Good Reason effective at 
any
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
time prior to the expiration of the ninety (90) day notice period set forth 
in this Section 9(b).
 
(c)           Termination for Death or Disability. Executives employment 
shall terminate automatically upon his death.  The Company must provide 
Executive with ten (10) days advance written notice of its decision to 
terminate Executives employment as a result of Executives Disability.
 
8.             Payments upon Termination.
 
(a)           Termination by the Company for Cause, Death or Disability or 
by Executive Without Good Reason. In the event that Executives employment 
hereunder is terminated: (i) by the Company for Cause; (ii) as a result of 
Executives death or Disability; (iii) by Executive without Good Reason; or 
(iv) as a result of either the Company or Executive providing the other 
with notice of its intent not to renew the Employment Term pursuant to 
Section 3, then the Company shall pay to Executive (or in the case of 
death, Executives estate) any portion of Executives unpaid Base 
Compensation then due for periods prior to the effective date of 
Executives termination.  In addition, the Company shall reimburse 
Executive for all expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by Executive 
in connection with the business of the Company prior to the effective date 
of termination, provided that Executive (or Executives estate) submit 
proper expense reports to the Company no later than fourteen (14) days 
after the effective date of Executives termination.
 
(b)           Termination by the Company Without Cause or by Executive With 
Good Reason. In the event that Executives employment hereunder is 
terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive with Good Reason, 
then the Company shall provide Executive with the same payments and 
benefits set forth in Section 8(a).  Further, provided Executive timely 
executes a general release of all claims against the Company in a form 
acceptable to the Company (a Release) and the Release becomes effective 
within 60 days following the date of Executives termination, then 
Executive shall also receive: (i) a pro rata Bonus for the Target Year in 
which Executives termination became effective, payable on the same date 
that bonuses are payable to other executives of the Company in the year 
following such Target Year; (ii) continued payment of Executives Base 
Salary during the three (3) month period immediately following Executives 
termination on the Companys regularly scheduled payroll dates or, after 
consummation of the IPO, continued payment of Executives Base Salary 
during the six (6) month period immediately following Executives 
termination on the Companys regularly scheduled payroll dates; provided, 
however, that if the 60 day period for the Release to become effective 
begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, the first 
installment of the payments made under (ii) hereof shall not be paid until 
the second calendar year and shall include all amounts that would have been 
paid prior to such date if such delay had not applied.
 
(c)           Termination Prior to a Change of Control. After consummation 
of the IPO, in the event that the Company terminates Executives employment 
without Cause or Executive terminates his employment with Good Reason and a 
Change of Control is consummated no more than six (6) months following the 
effective date of Executives termination, then, in addition to the 
payments and benefits set forth in Section 8(b), Executive shall also 
receive a lump sum payment equal to six (6) months of Executives Base 
Salary. In order to receive the payment set forth in this Section 8(c): (i) 
the Change of Control must have been Pending on the effective date of 
Executives
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
termination; and (ii) Executive must execute the Release. The payment shall 
be made on the first regularly scheduled payroll date following the later 
of (x) the Change of Control, and (y) the effective date of the Release; 
provided, however, that if the 60 day period for the Release to become 
effective begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, 
the payment shall not be paid until the second calendar year.
 
(d)           Termination Subsequent to a Change of Control. After 
consummation of the IPO, in the event that the Company terminates 
Executives employment without Cause or Executive terminates his employment 
with Good Reason and a Change of Control is consummated no more than twelve 
(12) months prior to the effective date of Executives termination, then, 
in addition to the payments and benefits set forth in Section 8(b), 
Executive shall also receive  a lump sum payment equal to six (6) months of 
Executives Base Salary.  In order to receive the payment set forth in this 
Section 8(d), Executive must execute the Release. The payment shall be made 
on the first regularly scheduled payroll date following the effective date 
of the Release; provided, however, that if the 60 day period for the 
Release to become effective begins in one calendar year and ends in a 
second calendar year, the payment shall not be paid until the second 
calendar year.
 
(e)           Definition of Pending. For purposes of Section 8(c), a 
Change of  Control transaction shall be deemed to be Pending each time 
any of the following circumstances exist: (A) the Company and a third party 
have entered into a confidentiality agreement that has been signed by a 
duly-authorized officer of the Company and that is related to a potential 
Change of Control transaction; or (B) the Company has received a written 
expression of interest from a third party, including a binding or 
non-binding term sheet or letter of intent, related to a potential Change 
of Control transaction.
 
9.             Directors & Officers Liability Insurance. The Company 
further agrees to maintain a directors and officers liability insurance 
policy covering Executive in an amount and on terms no less favorable to 
him than the coverage the Company provides other senior executives and 
directors.
 
10.          Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the heirs and representatives of Executive and 
the assigns and successors of the Company, but neither this Agreement nor 
any rights or obligations hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise 
subject to hypothecation by Executive (except by will or by operation of 
the laws of intestate succession or by Executive notifying the Company that 
cash payment be made to an affiliated investment partnership in which 
Executive is a control person) or by Company, except that Company may 
assign this Agreement to any successor (whether by merger, purchase or 
otherwise) to all or substantially all of the stock, assets or businesses 
of Company, and the Company shall require any successor (whether direct or 
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or 
substantially all of the business or assets of the Company expressly to 
assume and agree to perform this Agreement to the same extent that the 
Company would be required to perform it if no succession had taken place.
 
11.         Notices. Notices and all other communications contemplated by 
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly 
given when personally delivered (if to the Company, addressed to its 
Secretary at the Companys principal place of business on a non- holiday 
weekday between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m.; if to Executive, via 
personal service to his last
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
known residence) or three business days following the date it is mailed by 
U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage 
prepaid.
 
12.         Confidential Information. Executive  recognizes  and  
acknowledges  that  by  reason of Executives employment by and service to 
the Company before, during and, if applicable, after the Employment Term, 
Executive will have access to certain confidential and proprietary 
information relating to the Companys business, which may include, but is 
not  limited to, trade secrets, trade know-how, product development 
techniques and plans,  formulas, customer lists and addresses, financing 
services, funding programs, cost and pricing information, marketing and 
sales techniques, strategy and programs, computer programs and software and 
financial information (collectively referred to herein as Confidential  
Information). Executive acknowledges that such Confidential Information is 
a valuable and unique asset of the Company and Executive covenants that he 
will not, unless expressly authorized in writing by the Company, at any 
time during the course of Executives employment use any Confidential 
Information or divulge or disclose any Confidential Information to any 
person, firm or corporation except in connection with the performance of 
Executives duties for and on behalf of the Company and in a manner 
consistent with the Companys policies regarding Confidential Information. 
Executive also covenants that at any time after the termination of such 
employment, directly or indirectly, he will not use any Confidential 
Information or divulge or disclose any Confidential Information to any 
person, firm or corporation, unless such  information is in the public 
domain through no fault of Executive or except when required to do so by a 
court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority over 
the business of the Company or by any administrative or legislative body 
(including a committee thereof)  with apparent jurisdiction to order 
Executive to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information. All 
written Confidential Information (including, without limitation, in any 
computer or other electronic format) which comes into Executives 
possession during the course of Executives employment shall remain the 
property of the Company. Unless expressly authorized in writing by the 
Company, Executive shall not remove any written Confidential Information 
from the Companys premises, except in connection with the performance of 
Executives duties for and on behalf of the Company and in a manner 
consistent with the Companys policies regarding Confidential Information. 
Upon termination of Executives employment, the Executive agrees to 
immediately return to the Company all written Confidential Information 
(including, without limitation, in any computer or other electronic format) 
in Executives possession.
 
13.          Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation.
 
(a)           Non-Compete. Executive hereby covenants and agrees that 
during the Employment Term and for a period of one (1) year following the 
termination of Executives employment, regardless of the reason for such 
termination, Executive will not, without the prior written consent of the 
Company, directly or indirectly, on his own behalf or in the service or on 
behalf of others, whether or not for compensation, engage in any business 
activity, or have any interest in any person, firm, corporation or 
business, through a subsidiary or parent entity or other entity (whether as 
a shareholder, agent, joint venturer, security holder, trustee, partner, 
Executive, creditor lending credit or money for the purpose of establishing 
or operating any such business, partner or otherwise) with any Competing 
Business in the Covered Area. For the purpose of this Section 13(a), 
Competing Business means any business competing with any products and/or 
services of the Company or its affiliates that exist or are in the process 
of being formed or acquired
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
as of the effective date of Executives termination.  For the purpose of 
this Section 13(a), Covered Area means all geographical areas of the 
United States and other foreign jurisdictions where the Company has offices 
and/or sells its products directly or indirectly through distributors 
and/or other sales agents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may own 
shares of companies whose securities are publicly traded, so long as 
ownership of such securities do not constitute more than one percent (1%) 
of the outstanding securities of any such company.
 
(b)           Non-Solicitation. Executive further agrees that during the 
Employment Term and for a period of one (1) year following the termination 
of Executives employment, regardless of the reason for such termination, 
Executive will not divert any business of the Company and/or its affiliates 
or any customers or suppliers of the Company and/or the Companys and/or 
its affiliates business to any other person, entity or competitor, or 
induce or attempt to induce, directly or indirectly, any person to leave 
his or her employment with the Company and/or its affiliates; provided, 
however, that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to a general 
advertisement or solicitation program that is not specifically targeted at 
such employees.
 
(c)           Executive acknowledges and agrees that his obligations 
provided herein are necessary and reasonable in order to protect the 
Company and its affiliates and their respective business and the Executive 
expressly agrees that monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate 
the Company and/or its affiliates for any breach by the Executive of his 
covenants and agreements set forth herein. Accordingly, Executive agrees 
and acknowledges that any such violation or threatened violation of Section 
12 or 13 will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that, in addition 
to any other remedies that may be available, in law, in equity or 
otherwise, the Company and its affiliates shall be entitled to obtain 
injunctive relief against the threatened breach or the continuation of any 
such breach by the Executive of Section 12 or 13 without the necessity of 
proving actual damages.  If, at the time of enforcement of Sections 12 or 
13, a court shall hold that the duration, scope or area restrictions stated 
therein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties 
agree that the maximum duration, scope or area reasonable under such 
circumstances shall be substituted for the stated duration, scope or area 
and that the court shall be allowed to revise the restrictions contained 
therein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law.
 
14.          Stock Option Grant. Executive shall be granted options to 
purchase 154 shares of the Company at the completion of the IPO, subject to 
adjustment for stock splits, subdivisions, combinations or 
reclassifications after the Effective Date (the IPO Options). In each 
case, such options will have an exercise price equal to fair market value 
per share on the date of grant and will vest (a) twenty-five percent (25%) 
on the first anniversary of the grant ; (b) seventy-five percent (75%) in 
equal monthly installments over the next thirty-six months following the 
first anniversary of the effective date, subject to continued employment on 
each vesting date. The option agreement or the option plan under which the 
options are issued will include (i) a termination provision whereby in the 
event Executives employment is terminated for Cause by the Company, the 
stock options, vested and unvested, will be immediately forfeited and (ii) 
if such employment is terminated for any other reason (except death or 
Disability), the unvested options will be immediately forfeited and the 
vested options may be exercised at any time until the earlier of (x) three 
(3) months after such termination of Executives employment and (y) the 
original expiration date of the options. If Executives employment is 
terminated by death or Disability, the unvested options will be immediately 
forfeited and the vested options may be exercised at any time until the 
earlier of (x) one
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(1) year after such termination of Executives employment and (y) the 
original expiration date of the options.
 
        15.                               Miscellaneous Provisions.
 
(a)           Modifications; No Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may 
be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or 
discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an 
authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive). No waiver by 
either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or 
provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver 
of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision 
at another time.
 
(b)           Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior 
agreements and understandings between the parties, oral or written. No 
modification, termination or attempted waiver shall be valid unless in 
writing, signed by the party against whom such modification, termination or 
waiver is sought to be enforced.
 
(c)           Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and 
performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive 
laws, but not the conflicts of law rules, of the State of Connecticut.
 
(d)           Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any 
provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or 
enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full 
force and effect.
 
(e)           Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate 
counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one 
party, and may be delivered by facsimile or other electronic means, but all 
of which shall be deemed originals and taken together will constitute one 
and the same Agreement.
 
(f)            Headings. The headings of the Sections hereof are inserted 
for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof 
nor to affect the  meaning thereof.
 
(g)           Construction of Agreement. In the event of a conflict between 
the text of the Agreement and any summary, description or other information 
regarding the Agreement, the text of the Agreement shall control.
 
(h)           Withholding.  The Company shall be entitled to withhold from 
any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any 
federal, state, local or foreign withholding, FICA and FUTA contributions. 
or other taxes. charges or deductions which it is from time to time 
required to withhold.
 
(i)            Section 409A.
 
(i)            The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted 
to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the 
regulations and guidance
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
promulgated thereunder (collectively Section 409A), and all provisions of 
this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the 
requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A.  In no 
event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, 
interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Section 409A 
or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A.
 
(ii)           A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have 
occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the 
payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred 
compensation under Section 409A upon or following a termination of 
employment unless and until such termination is also a separation from 
service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such 
provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of 
employment or like terms shall mean separation from service.  If 
Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified 
employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then 
with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is 
considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A payable on 
account of a separation from service, such payment or benefit shall be 
made or provided at the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of 
the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from 
service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executives death (the Delay 
Period).  Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and 
benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 16(i)(ii) (whether they would 
have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the 
absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business 
day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum 
and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be 
paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for 
them herein.
 
(iii)          With regard to any provision here.in that provides for 
reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits. except as 
permitted by Section 409A, (x) the right to reimbursement or in-kind 
benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another 
benefit, (y) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind 
benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses 
eligible for reimbursement. or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any 
other taxable year, provided, that, this clause (y) shall not be violated 
with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code 
Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related 
to the period the arrangement is in effect and (z) such payments shall be 
made on or before the last day of Executives taxable year following the 
taxable year in which the expense occurred.
 
(iv)          For purposes of Section 409A, Executives right to receive 
any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a 
right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments.  Whenever a 
payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a 
number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days 
following the date of termination), the actual date of payment within the 
specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company.
 
[signature page follows]
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF. the undersigned, intending to be legally bound, have 
executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
 
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Vimal Mehta
 
Name:
Vimal Mehta
 
Title:
CEO
 
 
 
FRANK YOCCA, Ph.D.
 
 
 
/s/ Frank Yocca
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

