 EX-10.34 9 a2234485zex-10_34.htm EX-10.34
Exhibit 10.34
 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO
TERM LOAN AGREEMENT
 
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO TERM LOAN AGREEMENT (this Amendment), dated as of 
February [  ], 2018, is made among Avinger, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Borrower), and the Lenders listed on the signature pages hereof under the 
heading LENDERS (each a Lender and, collectively, the Lenders).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party 
thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto (each a Lender and, 
collectively, the Lenders) are parties to a Term Loan Agreement, dated as 
of September 22, 2015 (as amended, restated, modified or otherwise 
supplemented from time to time, the Loan Agreement).
 
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Term Loan Agreement on the 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.
 
AGREEMENT
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and 
covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
SECTION 1  Definitions; Interpretation.
 
(a)           Terms Defined in Loan Agreement. All capitalized terms used 
in this Amendment (including in the recitals hereof) and not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan 
Agreement.
 
(b)           Interpretation. The rules of interpretation set forth in 
Section 1.03 of the Loan Agreement shall be applicable to this Amendment 
and are incorporated herein by this reference.
 
SECTION 2  Amendments.
 
Subject to Section 3, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
 
(a)           Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended to add 
the following definition in proper alphabetical order:
 
Preferred Stock means the Borrowers Series A Convertible Preferred 
Stock, par value $0.001 per share.
 
(b)           The definition of Fee Letter in Section 1.01 of the Loan 
Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
 
Fee Letter means that amended and restated fee letter agreement dated as 
of February [  ], 2018 between Borrower and the Lenders party thereto.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           The definition of Interest-Only Period in Section 1.01 of 
the Loan Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as 
follows:
 
Interest-Only Period means the period from and including the first 
Borrowing Date and through and including the twenty-fourth (24th) Payment 
Date after the first Borrowing Date, which is June 30, 2021.
 
(d)           The definition of Maturity Date in Section 1.01 of the Loan 
Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
 
Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the thirty-second (32nd) 
Payment Date following the Closing Date, which is June 30, 2023, and (ii) 
the date on which the Loans are accelerated pursuant to Section 11.02.
 
(e)           The definition of PIK Period in Section 1.01 of the Loan 
Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
 
PIK Period means the period beginning on the first Borrowing Date 
through and including the earlier to occur of (i) the twenty fourth (24th) 
Payment Date after the first Borrowing Date and (ii) the date on which any 
Default shall have occurred (provided that if such Default shall have been 
cured or waived, the PIK Period shall resume until the earlier to occur of 
the next Default and the twenty fourth (24th) Payment Date after the first 
Borrowing Date).
 
(f)            The first sentence of Section 3.02(d) of the Loan Agreement 
shall be amended to add a proviso at the end thereof as follows:
 
provided that, for the Payment Dates commencing with the eleventh (11th) 
Payment Date following the Closing Date and continuing through and 
including the eighteenth (18th) Payment Date following the Closing Date, 
Borrower may elect to pay such interest on the outstanding principal amount 
of the Loans entirely in the form of PIK Loans so long as as of each such 
Payment Date, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
 
(g)           Section 3.03(a)(i) of the Loan Agreement shall be amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows:
 
If the Redemption Date occurs:
 
        (A)          on or prior to the fourteenth (14th) Payment Date, the
        Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to 5.00% of the
        aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid
        on such Redemption Date;
 
        (B)          after the fourteenth (14th) Payment Date, and on or
        prior to the eighteenth (18th) Payment Date, the Prepayment Premium
        shall be an amount equal to 4.00% of the aggregate outstanding
        principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption
        Date;
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (C)          after the eighteenth (18th) Payment Date, and on or
        prior to the twenty-second (22nd) Payment Date, the Prepayment
        Premium shall be an amount equal to 3.00% of the aggregate
        outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such
        Redemption Date;
 
        (D)          after the twenty-second (22nd) Payment Date, and on or
        prior to the twenty-sixth (26th) Payment Date, the Prepayment
        Premium shall be an amount equal to 2.00% of the aggregate
        outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such
        Redemption Date;
 
        (E)           after the twenty-sixth (26th) Payment Date, and on or
        prior to the thirtieth (30th) Payment Date, the Prepayment Premium
        shall be an amount equal to 1.00% of the aggregate outstanding
        principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption
        Date;
 
        (F)           after the thirtieth (30th) Payment Date, the
        Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to 0.00% of the
        aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid
        on such Redemption Date.
 
(h)           Sections 9.01, (f), (g), (i), (m) and (r) of the Loan 
Agreement are each hereby amended and restated as [Reserved].
 
(i)            Section 9.01(c) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows:
 
(c) Indebtedness in respect of the Preferred Stock;
 
(j)            Section 9.01(h) of the Loan Agreement is amended by 
replacing $500,000 with $100,000.
 
(k)           Section 9.01(p) of the Loan Agreement is amended by replacing 
$250,000 with $50,000.
 
(l)            Section 9.02(r) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated as [Reserved].
 
(m)          The proviso to Section 9.02 of the Loan Agreement is hereby 
amended and restated as follows:
 
    provided that no Lien otherwise permitted under any of the foregoing 
    Sections 9.02(b) through (u) shall apply to any Material Intellectual
    Property.
 
(n)           Sections 9.03(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of the Loan Agreement 
are each hereby amended and restated as [Reserved].
 
(o)           Section 9.05(e), (j), (k), (l), (n) and (o) of the Loan 
Agreement are each hereby amended and restated as [Reserved].
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(p)           Section 9.06(j) and (k) of the Loan Agreement are each hereby 
amended and restated as [Reserved].
 
(q)           Section 9.06(b) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows:
 
(b) (i) the accrual and payment of dividends (whether in cash or shares of 
Preferred Stock) on the Preferred Stock; provided that the payment of 
dividends in cash shall only be permitted so long as the Lenders (or their 
affiliates) are the sole holders of the Preferred Stock; provided further 
that payments of cash in lieu of fractional shares in connection with the 
payment of any dividend on the Preferred Stock shall be permitted at all 
times; and (ii) the issuance of common stock and cash in lieu of fractional 
shares upon conversion of the Preferred Stock;
 
(r)            Section 9.06(d) is hereby amended by replacing $1,000,000 
with $100,000.
 
(s)            Section 9.07 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows:
 
    Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
    make any payments in respect of any Indebtedness of the type described
    in clauses (a) or (b) of the definition of Indebtedness or any payments
    in respect of Permitted Cure Debt or Indebtedness subordinate to the
    Obligations, other than (i) payments of the Obligations, (ii) scheduled
    payments of other Indebtedness not in violation of any application
    subordination agreement and (iii) payments in respect of the Preferred
    Stock.
 
(t)            Section 9.09(d) and (i) of the Loan Agreement are each 
hereby amended and restated as [Reserved].
 
(u)           Section 10.01 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended and 
restated as follows:
 
    Borrower shall maintain at all times Liquidity in an amount which
    shall exceed $3,500,000.
 
(v)           Section 10.02 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended and 
restated to amend and restate clauses (d) through (f) in their entirety and 
to add new clauses (g) and (h) as follows:
 
            (d)           [Reserved];
 
            (e)           [Reserved];
 
            (f)            during the twelve month period beginning on
            January 1, 2020, and every calendar year thereafter, of at
            least $15,000,000;
 
            (g)           during the twelve month period beginning on
            January 1, 2021, of at least $20,000,000; and
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            (h)           during the twelve month period beginning on
            January 1, 2022, of at least $25,000,000.
 
(w)          Annex B of Exhibit E of the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced 
in its entirety by Annex B to Compliance Certificate attached hereto.
 
(x)           A new Section 8.16 is hereby added as follows:
 
8.16 Board Observation Rights.
 
(a)           Borrower shall permit one (1) person representing the Lenders 
(the Observer)
 
to attend and observe (but not vote) at meetings of Borrowers board of 
directors and committees thereof, whether in person or by telephone. 
Borrower shall notify the Observer in in the same manner and at the same 
time in advance of the date and time for each general or specific meeting 
of its board of directors. Borrower shall concurrently deliver to the 
Observer all notices, minutes, consents and other material that the 
Borrower provides to its directors. The Observer may be excluded from 
access to any material or meeting or portion thereof if the board of 
directors determines in good faith, upon advice of counsel, that such 
exclusion is reasonably necessary to preserve attorney-client privilege or 
to protect highly confidential proprietary information.
 
(b)           Borrower shall pay the Observers reasonable out-of-pocket 
expenses (including the cost of travel, meals and lodging) in connection 
with the attendance of such meetings.
 
SECTION 3  Conditions of Effectiveness.
 
The effectiveness of Section 2 shall be subject to the following conditions 
precedent:
 
(a)           The Borrower and all of the Lenders shall have duly executed 
and delivered this Amendment pursuant to Section 12.04 of the Loan 
Agreement.
 
(b)           The Borrower and all of the Lenders shall have entered into 
(i) that certain Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement by and among 
the Borrower and the Lenders (the Purchase Agreement) and (ii) that 
certain Registration Rights Agreement by and among the Borrower and the 
Lenders concurrently with the execution of this Amendment.  This Amendment 
shall constitute notice of the entry into such agreements in satisfaction 
of any notice requirements in respect thereof under the Loan Agreement.
 
(c)           The Lenders shall have purchased the Shares (as defined in 
the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Purchase 
Agreement.
 
(d)           The Borrower and the Lenders shall have entered into that 
certain Fee Letter.
 
(e)           The Borrower shall have paid or reimbursed Lenders for 
Lenders reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection 
with this Amendment, including Lenders reasonable out of pocket legal fees 
and costs, pursuant to Section 12.03(a)(i)(z) of the Loan Agreement.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(f)            The representations and warranties in Section 4 shall be 
true and correct on the date hereof.
 
SECTION 4  Representations and Warranties; Reaffirmation.
 
(a)           The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to each Lender as 
follows:
 
    (i)            The Borrower has full power, authority and legal right
    to make and perform this Amendment. This Amendment is within the
    Borrowers corporate powers and has been duly authorized by all
    necessary corporate and, if required, by all necessary shareholder
    action. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the
    Borrower and constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the
    Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its
    terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy,
    insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general
    applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (b)
    the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether
    such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
    This Amendment (x) does not require any consent or approval of,
    registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental
    Authority or any third party, except for such as have been obtained or
    made and are in full force and effect and the filing of a copy of this
    Amendment with the SEC following its effectiveness, (y) will not
    violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, bylaws or
    other organizational documents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or
    any order of any Governmental Authority, other than any such violations
    that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (z) will not violate or
    result in an event of default under any material indenture, agreement
    or other instrument binding upon the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or
    assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be
    made by any such Person.
 
    (ii)           No Default has occurred or is continuing or will result
    after giving effect to this Amendment.
 
    (iii)          The representations and warranties made by or with
    respect to the Borrower in Section 7 of the Loan Agreement are (A) in
    the case of representations qualified by materiality, Material
    Adverse Effect or similar language, true and correct in all respects
    and (B) in the case of all other representations and warranties, true
    and correct in all material respects (except that the representation
    regarding representations and warranties that refer to a specific
    earlier date are true and correct on the basis set forth above as of
    such earlier date), in each case taking into account any changes made
    to schedules updated in accordance with Section 7.21 of the Loan
    Agreement or attached hereto.
 
    (iv)          There has been no Material Adverse Effect since the date
    of the Loan Agreement.
 
(b)           The Borrower hereby ratifies, confirms, reaffirms, and 
acknowledges its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a 
party and agrees that the Loan Documents
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
remain in full force and effect, undiminished by this Amendment, except as 
expressly provided herein. By executing this Amendment, the Borrower 
acknowledges that it has read, consulted with its attorneys regarding, and 
understands, this Amendment.
 
SECTION 5  Governing Law; Submission To Jurisdiction; Waiver Of Jury Trial.
 
(a)           Governing Law. This Amendment and the rights and obligations 
of the parties hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, the law of the State of New York, without regard to principles of 
conflicts of laws that would result in the application of the laws of any 
other jurisdiction; provided that Section 5-1401 of the New York General 
Obligations Law shall apply.
 
(b)           Submission to Jurisdiction. The Borrower agrees that any 
suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Amendment or any other Loan 
Document to which it is a party or any judgment entered by any court in 
respect thereof may be brought initially in the federal or state courts in 
Houston, Texas or in the courts of its own corporate domicile and 
irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court 
for the purpose of any such suit, action, proceeding or judgment. This 
Section 5 is for the benefit of the Lenders only and, as a result, no 
Lender shall be prevented from taking proceedings in any other courts with 
jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by applicable Laws, the Lenders may 
take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
 
(c)           Waiver of Jury Trial. The Borrower and each Lender hereby 
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any 
and all right to trial by jury in any suit, action or proceeding arising 
out of or relating to this Amendment, the other Loan Documents or the 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
 
SECTION 6  Miscellaneous.
 
(a)           No Waiver. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to 
constitute a waiver of compliance with any term or condition contained in 
the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or constitute a 
course of conduct or dealing among the parties. Except as expressly stated 
herein, the Lenders reserve all rights, privileges and remedies under the 
Loan Documents. Except as amended hereby, the Loan Agreement and other Loan 
Documents remain unmodified and in full force and effect. All references in 
the Loan Documents to the Loan Agreement shall be deemed to be references 
to the Loan Agreement as amended hereby.
 
(b)           Severability. In case any provision of or obligation under 
this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other 
jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
 
(c)           Headings. Headings and captions used in this Amendment 
(including the Exhibits, Schedules and Annexes hereto, if any) are included 
for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive 
effect.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d)           Integration.  This Amendment constitutes a Loan Document and, 
together with the other Loan Documents, incorporates all negotiations of 
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the 
final expression and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof.
 
(e)           Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by 
signing any such counterpart.
 
(f)            Controlling Provisions. In the event of any inconsistencies 
between the provisions of this Amendment and the provisions of any other 
Loan Document, the provisions of this Amendment shall govern and prevail. 
Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the Loan Documents shall 
not be modified and shall remain in full force and effect.
 
(g)           Outstanding Principal Amount of the Loans.  After giving 
effect to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the 
outstanding principal amount of the Loans shall be equal to $              
and accrued but unpaid interest thereon shall be equal to $             .
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment, 
as of the date first above written.
 
 
 
BORROWER:
 
 
 
AVINGER, INC.
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
LENDERS:
 
 
 
CRG PARTNERS III L.P.
 
  
 By CRG PARTNERS III GP L.P., its General Partner
 
  
 By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
  
  
 
  
 By
  
 
  
  
Name: Nathan Hukill
 
  
  
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
1000 Main Street, Suite 2500
 
Houston, TX 77002
 
Attn:
General Counsel
 
Tel.:
713.209.7350
 
Fax:
713.209.7351
 
Email:
adorenbaum@crglp.com
 
 
 
CRG PARTNERS III  PARALLEL FUND A L.P.
 
  
By CRG PARTNERS III  PARALLEL FUND A GP L.P., its General Partner
 
  
 By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
  
  
 
  
 By
  
 
  
  
Name: Nathan Hukill
 
  
  
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
1000 Main Street, Suite 2500
 
Houston, TX 77002
 
Attn:
General Counsel
 
Tel.:
713.209.7350
 
Fax:
713.209.7351
 
Email:
adorenbaum@crglp.com
 
 
[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CRG PARTNERS III  PARALLEL FUND B (CAYMAN) L.P.
 
  
By CRG PARTNERS III (CAYMAN) GP L.P., its General Partner
 
  
By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
  
  
 
  
 By
  
 
  
  
Name: Nathan Hukill
 
  
  
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
  
  
 
 
  
WITNESS:
 
  
Name:
 
 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
1000 Main Street, Suite 2500
 
Houston, TX 77002
 
Attn:
General Counsel
 
Tel.:
713.209.7350
 
Fax:
713.209.7351
 
Email:
adorenbaum@crglp.com
 
 
 
 
 
CRG PARTNERS III (CAYMAN) L.P.
 
  
By CRG PARTNERS III (CAYMAN) GP L.P., its General Partner
 
  
By CRG PARTNERS III GP LLC, its General Partner
 
  
  
 
  
 By
  
 
  
  
Name: Nathan Hukill
 
  
  
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
  
  
 
 
  
WITNESS:
 
  
Name:
 
 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
1000 Main Street, Suite 2500
 
Houston, TX 77002
 
Attn:
General Counsel
 
Tel.:
713.209.7350
 
Fax:
713.209.7351
 
Email:
adorenbaum@crglp.com
 
 
[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Annex B to Compliance Certificate
 
CALCULATIONS OF FINANCIAL COVENANT COMPLIANCE
 
I.
 
Section 10.01: Minimum Liquidity
 
 
  A.
 
Amount of unencumbered (other than Liens securing the Obligations and Liens 
permitted pursuant to Section 9.02(c) and 9.02(j), provided that with 
respect to cash subject to a Permitted Priority Lien in connection with 
Permitted Priority Debt, there is no event of default under the 
documentation governing the Permitted Priority Debt) cash and Permitted 
Cash Equivalent Investments (which for greater certainty shall not include 
any undrawn credit lines), in each case, to the extent held in an account 
over which the Lenders (or the Control Agent on behalf of the Lenders) have 
(or has) a perfected security interest:
 
$          
  B.
 
$3,500,000
 
$3,500,000
 
 
Is Line IA equal to or greater than Line IB?:
 
Yes: In compliance; No: Not in compliance
II.
 
Section 10.02(a)-(i): Minimum RevenueSubsequent Periods
 
 
  A.
 
Revenues during the twelve month period beginning on January 1, 2015
 
$          
 
 
[Is line II.A equal to or greater than $7,000,000?
 
Yes: In compliance; No: Not in compliance]1
  B.
 
Revenues during the twelve month period beginning on January 1, 2016
 
$          
 
 
[Is line II.B equal to or greater than $23,000,000?
 
Yes: In compliance; No: Not in compliance]2
  C.
 
Revenues during the twelve month period beginning on January 1, 2017
 
$          
   
 
[Is line II.C equal to or greater than $40,000,000?
 
Yes: In compliance; No: Not in compliance]3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1  Include bracketed entry only on the Compliance Certificate to be 
delivered within 90 days of the end of 2015 pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of 
the Loan Agreement.
2  Include bracketed entry only on the Compliance Certificate to be 
delivered within 90 days of the end of 2016 pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of 
the Loan Agreement.
3  Include bracketed entry only on the Compliance Certificate to be 
delivered within 90 days of the end of 2017 pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of 
the Loan Agreement.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  D.
 
Revenues during the twelve month period beginning on January 1, 2018
 
$          
 
 
[N/A]
 
[N/A]4
  E.
 
Revenues during the twelve month period beginning on January 1, 2019
 
 
 
 
[N/A]
 
[N/A]5
  F.
 
Revenues during the twelve month period beginning on January 1, 2020
 
 
 
 
[Is line II.F equal to or greater than $15,000,000?
 
Yes: In compliance; No: Not in compliance]6
  G.
 
Revenues during the twelve month period beginning on January 1, 2021
 
 
 
 
[Is line II.G equal to or greater than $20,000,000?
 
Yes: In compliance; No: Not in compliance]7
  H.
 
Revenues during the twelve month period beginning on January 1, 2022
 
 
 
 
[Is line II.H equal to or greater than $25,000,000?
 
Yes: In compliance; No: Not in compliance]8
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
4  Include bracketed entry only on the Compliance Certificate to be 
delivered within 90 days of the end of 2018 pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of 
the Loan Agreement.
5  Include bracketed entry only on the Compliance Certificate to be 
delivered within 90 days of the end of 2019 pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of 
the Loan Agreement.
6  Include bracketed entry only on the Compliance Certificate to be 
delivered within 90 days of the end of 2020 pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of 
the Loan Agreement.
7  Include bracketed entry only on the Compliance Certificate to be 
delivered within 90 days of the end of 2021 pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of 
the Loan Agreement.
8  Include bracketed entry only on the Compliance Certificate to be 
delivered within 90 days of the end of 2022 pursuant to Section 8.01(b) of 
the Loan Agreement.
 
[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

