 EX-10.2 9 a2234454zex-10_2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
AMENDED & RESTATED ASSET CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT
 
This Amended & Restated Asset Contribution Agreement (this Agreement) is 
entered into as of November 7, 2017 (the Execution Date), by and between 
BioXcel Corporation, a Delaware corporation located at 780 East Main 
Street, Branford, CT 06405 (BioXcel), and BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation located at 780 East Main Street, Branford, CT 06405 (
BTI).
 
WHEREAS, BioXcel identified a number of therapeutic candidates using its 
proprietary artificial intelligence-powered research and development engine 
known as EvolverAI; and
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of BioXcel determined that it was in 
BioXcels best interest to restructure its business in order to realize the 
full potential of its assets, including such therapeutic candidates; and
 
WHEREAS, in accordance with the restructuring plan, BioXcel formed BTI, a 
product development biotechnology company, to develop and commercialize 
certain of the therapeutic candidates; and
 
WHEREAS, to allow such work to be carried out by BTI, BioXcel and BTI 
entered into certain agreements including an Asset Contribution Agreement, 
dated as of June 30, 2017 (the Effective Date), by which BioXcel 
contributed certain assets and liabilities to BTI pursuant to the terms and 
conditions thereof (the ACA); and
 
WHEREAS, BTI accepted certain assets and liabilities from BioXcel pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the ACA; and
 
WHEREAS, BioXcel desires to transfer to BTI certain additional assets and 
liabilities and grant to BTI certain rights in future therapeutic 
candidates identified by BioXcel pursuant to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants contained herein, and 
other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby acknowledged, the parties now agree to amend and restate the ACA as 
follows:
 
    1.              Contribution of Assets & Option.
 
      A.            Initial Contribution of Assets.  On the terms and
      subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, BioXcel hereby
      agrees to sell, contribute, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to
      BTI, and BTI agrees to acquire from BioXcel, all of BioXcels right,
      title and interest in and to BXCL701, BXCL702, BXCL501, and BXCL502
      (collectively, the Candidates), and all of the assets associated
      with the Candidates, other than those specified to be Retained Assets
      (as defined below), (collectively, the Assets), free and clear of
      any security interest, lien, charge, option, claim or other
      encumbrance (each, a Lien), other than those Liens listed on 
      Schedule 1 (collectively, the Permitted Liens). The Assets include
      the following to the extent used or held for use in connection with
      the Candidates as of the Effective Date:
 
        a.              The intellectual property set forth on Schedule
        1(a) (collectively, the Intellectual Property);
 
        b.              All goodwill associated with the Assets;
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        c.               Except as set forth in Section 4 below, all of
        BioXcels rights under the Contracts (as defined below);
 
        d.              All documentation, notebooks, logs, data and
        records associated with the Assets, and any other information
        necessary for the development of the Assets;
 
        e.               All marketing and advertising materials in hard or
        soft copy, including without limitation, printed promotional
        materials and labels associated with the Assets;
 
        f.                All claims, causes of action, rights of recovery,
        rights of setoff and rights of recoupment, whether or not known as
        of the Effective Date, relating to BioXcels ownership of the
        Assets; and
 
        g.               All rights under or pursuant to all warranties,
        indemnities, representations, guarantees and similar rights,
        whether or not known as of the Effective Date, in favor of BioXcel
        with respect to the Candidates or the Assets;
 
        h.              The Tangible Assets (as defined below); and
 
        i.                  The assets specifically identified in Schedule
        1(i).
 
      B.            Option to Negotiate for Additional Product Candidates. 
      BioXcel hereby grants to BTI a first right to negotiate exclusive
      rights to any additional product candidates in the fields of
      Neuroscience and Immuno-oncology (the Option Field) that BioXcel
      may identify wholly on its own or under arrangements with third
      parties, and not in connection with BioXcels provision of services
      to BTI under the Parties Amended & Restated Separation and Shared
      Services Agreement.  For clarity, this option shall not apply to any
      additional product candidates identified by BioXcel in connection
      with services BioXcel provides to BTI pursuant to the Parties
      Amended & Restated Separation and Shared Services Agreement
      (including, without limitation services that involve the use of
      EvolverAI) because all such additional product candidates identified
      in connection with such services would be considered to be
      Developments (as defined in that agreement) already owned by BTI. 
      This option for first negotiation shall be valid for a period of five
      (5) years from the date of the IPO (as defined below). Within sixty
      (60) days of identifying a potential product candidate in the Option
      Field, BioXcel shall present such identified candidate to BTI.  BTI
      shall then have up to one hundred eighty (180) days in which to
      evaluate such product candidate (the Evaluation Period).  If BTI
      wishes to negotiate for the exclusive rights to such product
      candidate, BTI shall so notify BioXcel in writing prior to the end of
      the Evaluation Period, and if BTI so notifies BioXcel, BTI and
      BioXcel shall negotiate in good faith commercially reasonable terms
      by which BTI can receive BioXcels rights to such product candidate. 
      If BioXcel and BTI are unable to mutually agree, in writing, within
      ninety (90) days after the end of the Evaluation Period to terms
      regarding BTIs rights to develop and/or commercialize such product
      candidate, BioXcel shall be free to develop and/or commercialize such
      product candidate either by itself or with one or more third parties.
       Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, BTIs
      rights and obligations set forth in this Section 1.B shall apply and
      be effective only from and after BTIs completion, on or before
      December 31, 2018, of a firm commitment underwritten public offering
      of share of common stock (and any other securities of BTI that may be
      sold along with such shares of common stock in any such public
      offering) (IPO).
 
      C.            Exclusivity in Option Field.  Prior to the fifth (5th)
      anniversary of the IPO, BioXcel shall not develop drugs, or engage in
      preclinical discovery for the purpose of developing drugs, in the
      Option Field for or on behalf of a third party, utilizing EvolverAI
      or otherwise.  In support of the foregoing, BioXcel shall inform
      third parties with which it enters into collaborations or other
      arrangements that BTI holds a first right to negotiate for BioXcels
      rights in product candidates in the Option Field and the
       
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
       
      duration of such right of BTI.  BioXcels covenant as set forth in
      this Section 1.C and BTIs right of first negotiation as set forth in
      Section 1.B shall not prevent or interfere with BioXcels rights to
      the EvolverAI platform or use of the EvolverAI platform by third
      parties as long as BioXcel does not provide collaborative services
      to, or actively support, such third party in its evaluation of the
      results of the EvolverAI research and development engine to develop
      drugs in the Option Field.
 
    2.              Retained Assets. The assets set forth on Schedule 2 
    shall be retained by BioXcel and shall not be sold or assigned to BTI
    (the Retained Assets).
 
    3.              Assumption of Liabilities.  As of the Effective Date,
    BTI shall assume and will be responsible for and pay, perform, and
    discharge when due all liabilities associated with the Assets,
    including without limitation, payment of any fees required to maintain
    any registrations and applications for registration arising from the
    ownership or use of the Intellectual Property due on and after the
    Effective Date, and all obligations and liabilities of BioXcel under
    the Contracts to the extent that those obligations and liabilities
    relate to the period after the Effective Date, in each case exclusive
    of any liability or obligation arising thereunder as a result of any
    breach, default or failure of BioXcel to perform any covenants or
    obligations required to be performed by BioXcel prior to the Effective
    Date. In addition to the liabilities described in the previous
    sentence, in consideration of BioXcels contribution of the Assets to
    BTI, BTI shall assume from BioXcel and be responsible for all
    liabilities set forth on Schedule 3, hereto (all liabilities assumed by
    BTI, including liabilities set forth on Schedule 3, the Assumed
    Liabilities).
 
    4.              Assignment of Contracts. To the extent that any
    Contract is not capable of being assigned or transferred without the
    consent or waiver of the other party thereto or any third party, or if
    such assignment or transfer, or attempted assignment or transfer would
    constitute a breach thereof, this Agreement shall not constitute an
    assignment or transfer thereof, or an attempted assignment or transfer
    of any such Contract.  Schedule 4 lists those Contracts that BioXcel
    believes are not assignable without the written consent of the other
    party thereto (the Required Consents). To the extent permitted by
    applicable law, any consents and approvals of third parties required
    for the transfer to BTI of any of the Assets, including the Required
    Consents, that are not obtained or cannot be obtained without any
    conditions adverse to BTI or without any obligations imposed on BTI not
    specified in the Contract for which consent is being obtained prior to
    the Effective Date (the Non-Assignable Contracts), such
    Non-Assignable Contracts shall be held, as of and from the Effective
    Date, by BioXcel in trust for BTI and the covenants and obligations
    thereunder shall be performed by BTI in BioXcels name and all benefits
    and obligations existing thereunder shall be for BTIs account. 
    BioXcel shall take or cause to be taken at BTIs expense such actions
    in its name or otherwise as BTI may reasonably request so as to provide
    BTI with the benefits of the Non-Assignable Contracts and to effect
    collection of money or other consideration that becomes due and payable
    under the Non-Assignable Contracts, and BioXcel shall promptly pay over
    to BTI all money or other consideration received by it in respect of
    the Non-Assignable Contracts.  As of and from the Effective Date,
    BioXcel authorizes BTI, to the extent permitted by applicable law and
    the terms of the Non-Assignable Contracts, at BTIs expense, to perform
    all of the obligations and receive all the benefits of BioXcel under
    the Non-Assignable Contracts.
 
    5.              Intellectual Property Registrations.  BioXcel shall
    authorize and request that any officials of any state or foreign
    country whose duty it is to issue intellectual property registrations
    (including letters patent) (a) issue all registrations from any from
    any applications for registrations, and (b) transfer any applications
    or registration as applicable, in each case that are included in the
    Intellectual Property to BTI at BioXcels expense.
 
    6.              Consideration.  The full consideration for the
    contribution of the Assets hereunder shall be:
 
        a.              The issuance by BTI to BioXcel of Forty Thousand
        (40,000) shares of common stock of BTI.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        b.              A one-time, lump-sum payment by BTI to BioXcel of
        Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) upon the achievement of Fifty
        Million Dollars ($50,000,000) in cumulative Net Sales of any
        product or combination of products resulting from the development
        and commercialization of any one of the Candidates or a product
        derived therefrom. Net Sales shall mean the actual amounts
        received by BTI or its sublicensees on all sales of the product(s)
        in the world to third parties, less any of the following to the
        extent included in such amounts: (i) normal and customary trade and
        quantity discounts actually given; and, in case of returns or
        rejections of the product(s), the associated credits and price
        adjustments; (ii) rebates or commissions allowed or granted, and
        administrative fees paid, to government agencies or trade
        customers, including wholesalers and chain buying groups; (iii)
        prepaid freight, postage, shipping, customs duties and insurance
        charges; and (iv) sales, value-added, and excise taxes, tariffs,
        and other taxes and government charges directly related to the sale
        of the product(s) and actually borne by BTI or its sublicensees
        without reimbursement from any third party, excluding any taxes
        assessed against the income derived from such sale. Such amounts
        shall be determined in accordance with from the books and records
        of the applicable party using generally accepted accounting
        principles, consistently applied, and may include using accrual
        accounting where applicable.
 
        c.               BTI shall pay to BioXcel the amount due under
        Section 6.b within sixty (60) days after the achievement of Fifty
        Million Dollars ($50,000,000) in cumulative Net Sales as set forth
        above.
 
        d.              BTI shall pay BioXcel One Million Dollars
        ($1,000,000) as a lump sum within thirty (30) days after closing of
        the IPO.
 
        e.               BTI shall pay BioXcel (x) Five Hundred Thousand
        Dollars ($500,000) within thirty (30) days after the later of the
        twelve (12) month anniversary of the IPO and the first dosing of a
        patient in the bridging bioavailability/bioequivalence study for
        the BXCL501 program and (y) Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
        ($500,000) within thirty (30) days after the later of the twelve
        (12) month anniversary of the IPO and the first dosing of a patient
        in the Phase 2 PoC open label monotherapy or combination trial with
        Keytruda for the BXCL701 program.
 
    7.              Deliveries.  Each party shall execute and deliver to
    the other party any such documents and instruments as shall be
    reasonably requested by the other party or the other partys counsel
    that are reasonably necessary to complete the transactions set forth
    herein.
 
    8.              Representations and Warranties of BioXcel.
 
        a.              BioXcel has full power and authority to enter into
        this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
        herein. BioXcel has taken all action required by law, by the
        organizational documents of BioXcel, or otherwise, to authorize the
        transactions contemplated herein. This Agreement, when executed and
        delivered by BioXcel, will constitute a valid and legally binding
        obligation, enforceable against BioXcel in accordance with its
        terms, except as the same may be restricted, limited or delayed by
        applicable bankruptcy or other laws affecting creditors rights
        generally or by equitable principles and except as to the remedy of
        specific performance which may not be available under the laws of
        various jurisdictions.
 
        b.              The execution, delivery and performance of this
        Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
        hereunder will not (i) violate any provision of, result in a breach
        of, or constitute a default under, any law or any order, writ,
        injunction or decree of any court, governmental agency or
        arbitration tribunal applicable to BioXcel; (ii) constitute a
        violation of or a default under, or a conflict with, any term or
        provision of the governing documents of BioXcel;
         
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
         
        or (iii) constitute a violation of or a default under any contract,
        commitment, indenture, lease, instrument or other agreement, or any
        other restriction of any kind to which BioXcel is a party or is
        bound.
 
        c.               BioXcel has taken all action reasonably necessary
        to prosecute its existing intellectual property applications
        material to the Candidates and to maintain all Intellectual
        Property in full force and effect as of the Effective Date, and has
        not taken or failed to take any action that could reasonably have
        the effect of waiving any material rights to the Candidates or the
        Intellectual Property. As of the Effective Date, no Intellectual
        Property is or has been involved in any interference, opposition,
        cancellation, concurrent use, invalidity, reissue, reexamination,
        revocation, litigation or other proceeding, in which the scope,
        validity or enforceability of Intellectual Property is being or has
        been contested or challenged, and to BioXcels knowledge, no such
        proceeding has been threatened with respect to any Intellectual
        Property.
 
        d.              BioXcel has not received any written notice from
        any person, and does not have any knowledge of, any claim,
        regarding the use of, or challenging or questioning BioXcels right
        or title in, any of the Intellectual Property or alleging
        infringement or misappropriation of any Intellectual Property.
 
        e.               There is no claim, litigation, proceeding or
        governmental investigation pending or, to BioXcels knowledge,
        threatened, or any order, injunction, or decree outstanding,
        against BioXcel, that would prevent or have a material adverse
        effect on the rights, duties or obligations of the parties as set
        forth in this Agreement.
 
        f.                Schedule 8(f) sets forth a complete and accurate
        list of all equipment (including computers, computer servers,
        information systems, telephone systems and database systems and
        office equipment), supplies, furniture, fixtures, and all other
        tangible personal property, wherever located (collectively, 
        Tangible Assets).  Any Tangible Assets to be contributed to BTI
        pursuant to this Agreement are in good operating condition and in
        good repair, normal wear and tear excepted.
 
        g.               Schedule 8(g) contains a complete list of the
        contracts, commitments, understandings, open purchase orders,
        contractor agreements or other agreements, including license
        agreements, equipment leases and manufacturers and vendors
        warranties relating to items included in the Assets and all similar
        rights against third parties relating to items included in the
        Assets (collectively, the Contracts).  True and complete copies
        of all Contracts have been delivered to BTI.  All Contracts listed
        on Schedule 8(g) were entered into in connection with and in the
        ordinary course of BioXcels business, consistent with past
        practice.  All the Contracts listed on Schedule 8(g) are in full
        force and effect and, to BioXcels knowledge, there is no breach of
        any of the provisions of the Contracts by any party thereto.  To
        BioXcels knowledge, no condition exists that, with notice or lapse
        of time or both, would constitute a default by any party to any of
        those Contracts. To BioXcels knowledge, no party to any of the
        Contracts listed on Schedule 8(g) has made, asserted or has any
        defense, set-off or counterclaim under any of the Contracts or has
        exercised any option granted to it to cancel or terminate its
        agreement, to shorten the term of its agreement or to renew or
        extend the term of its agreement, and BioXcel has not received any
        notice to that effect.
 
    9.              Representations and Warranties of BTI.
 
        a.              BTI has full power and authority to enter into this
        Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein.
        BTI has taken all action required by law, by the organizational
        documents
         
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
         
        of BTI, or otherwise, to authorize the transactions contemplated
        herein. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by BTI, will
        constitute a valid and legally binding obligation, enforceable
        against BTI in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be
        restricted, limited or delayed by applicable bankruptcy or other
        laws affecting creditors rights generally or by equitable
        principles and except as to the remedy of specific performance
        which may not be available under the laws of various jurisdictions.
 
        b.              The execution, delivery and performance of this
        Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
        hereunder will not (i) violate any provision of, result in a breach
        of, or constitute a default under, any law or any order, writ,
        injunction or decree of any court, governmental agency or
        arbitration tribunal applicable to BTI; (ii) constitute a violation
        of or a default under, or a conflict with, any term or provision of
        the governing documents of BTI; or (iii) constitute a violation of
        or a default under any contract, commitment, indenture, lease,
        instrument or other agreement, or any other restriction of any kind
        to which BTI is a party or is bound.
 
        c.               There is no claim, litigation, proceeding or
        governmental investigation pending or, to BTIs knowledge,
        threatened, or any order, injunction, or decree outstanding,
        against BTI, that would prevent or have a material adverse effect
        on the rights, duties or obligations of the parties as set forth in
        this Agreement.
 
    10.       Indemnification.
 
        a.              BioXcel shall indemnify and hold harmless BTI, and
        its directors, officers, employees, agents, and other
        representatives, from and against all loss, liability, claims,
        expenses, damages, fines, or penalties (including reasonable
        attorneys fees) (collectively, Losses) arising from or related
        to (i) BioXcels breach of this Agreement, and (ii) any other
        liability or claim, whether commenced before or after the Effective
        Date, arising out of BioXcels ownership of the Candidates and the
        Assets prior to the Effective Date (regardless of whether such
        liability or claim was known by BTI as of the Effective Date).
 
        b.              BTI shall indemnify and hold harmless BioXcel, and
        its directors, officers, employees, agents, and other
        representatives, from and against all Losses arising from or
        related to (i) BTIs breach of this Agreement, (ii) the failure by
        BTI to pay, perform or discharge when due any of the Assumed
        Liabilities, and (iii) BTIs ownership, development and
        commercialization of the Assets after the Effective Date.
 
    11.       Recusal.  The Parties covenant and agree that as long as
    Vimal Mehta is a member of senior management or the governing board of
    both BioXcel and BTI, he may participate in discussions at the senior
    management and governing board levels for each of BioXcel and BTI but
    shall not vote on matters coming before either governing board material
    to this Agreement, the Amended & Restated Separation and Shared
    Services Agreement or other agreements relating to the relationship
    between the Parties.  Each Party shall ensure that Vimal Mehta recuses
    himself with respect to governing board matters consistent with this
    Section 11.
 
    12.       Confidentiality.  Each party shall maintain the
    confidentiality of all data, information, records, reports and all
    other nonpublic information provided to it by the other party (the 
    Confidential Information), and shall not disclose any Confidential
    Information to third parties for any reason unless and only to the
    extent jointly agreed to, in writing, by the parties or as required by
    law.  The foregoing applies to information communicated orally, in
    writing, by computer processes, and includes without limitation, this
     
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
    Agreement, any and all meeting notes, business plans, financial
    statements, analyses and/or research materials, corporate documents,
    and correspondence.
 
    13.       Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
    construed in accordance with the law of the State of Connecticut,
    without giving effect to principles governing conflicts of law.
 
    14.       Specific Performance.  Each of the parties acknowledges and
    agrees that the other party would be damaged irreparably in the event
    any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance
    with their specific terms or otherwise are breached.  Accordingly, each
    of the parties agrees that the other party shall be entitled to an
    injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the provisions of this
    Agreement and to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms and
    provisions hereof in any action instituted in any court of the United
    States or any state thereof having jurisdiction over the parties and
    the matter in addition to any other remedy to which they may be
    entitled, at law or in equity.
    15.       Assignment. No party may assign any of its rights or delegate
    any of its duties under this Agreement without the prior written
    consent of the other party, except that either party may, without such
    consent, assign its rights and delegate its duties to a successor to
    such partys entire business.
 
    16.       Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including the schedules
    hereto, contains a complete statement of all the arrangements between
    the parties with respect to its subject matter, supersedes any previous
    agreements between them relating to that subject matter, and cannot be
    amended, modified or terminated except in a written document executed
    by the parties.
 
    17.       Severability. The invalidity of any provision or portion of a
    provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity of any other
    provision of this Agreement or the remaining portion of the applicable
    provision.  If any provision of this Agreement or the application of a
    particular provision to any party or circumstances shall be determined
    by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable
    to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of
    such provision to such party or circumstances other than those to which
    it is determined to be invalid or enforceable, shall not be affected
    thereby, and each provision hereof shall be enforced to the fullest
    extent permitted by applicable law.
 
    18.       Amendments and Waivers. No amendment of any provision of this
    Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed
    by the parties. No waiver by either party of any default,
    misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether
    intentional or not, shall be deemed to extend to any prior or
    subsequent default, misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant
    hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any
    prior or subsequent such occurrence.
 
    19.       Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more
    counterparts, which together shall constitute a single instrument. 
    Facsimile or electronic delivery of an executed counterpart shall be
    valid and binding for all purposes.
 
[Signature page follows]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Amended & Restated 
Asset Contribution Agreement to be duly executed as of the Execution Date.
 
BIOXCEL CORPORATION
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Krishnan Nandabalan
 
/s/ Peter Mueller
Signature
 
Signature
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krishnan Nandabalan
 
Peter Mueller
Name Printed
 
Name Printed
 
 
 
 
 
 
President
 
Chairman
Title
 
Title
 
[Signature page to Amended and Restated Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 1
 
Permitted Liens
 
None
 
[Schedule 1 to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 1(a)
 
Intellectual Property
 
Invention
No
 
Project
 
Country
name/stage
 
Title
 
Applicant
 
Priority
App.no &
Filing date
 
Complete
Application No. &
Filing date
 
Publication No.
&
Date
1
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 1(i)
 
All Other Assets
 
Prepaid Expenses transferred to BTI:  $46,105
 
[Schedule 1(i) to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 2
 
Retained Assets
 
None
 
[Schedule 2 to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 3
 
Assumed Liabilities
 
 List of Liabilities
 
$
 
 Capital one- 2191
 
2,685
 
 Amex -42004
 
44,568
 
 Amex- 32001
 
1,945
 
 Accrued Expenses
 
55,244
 
 Account Payable
 
244,190
 
 Accrued Wages
 
90,408
 
  
 
 
 
 Total Liabilities
 
439,040
 
 
[Schedule 3 to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 4
 
Required Consents
 
[Schedule 4 to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
Schedule 8(f)
 
Tangible Assets
 
 List of Tangible Assets
 
$
 
 Fixed Assets
 
5,309
 
 Accumulated Depreciation
 
(923
)
  
 
 
 
 Total Assets
 
4,386
 
 
[Schedule 8(f) to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 8(g)
 
Contracts
 
    1.              Master Services Agreement between BioXcel and Charles
    River Laboratories International, Inc., dated as of July 6, 2016.
    2.              Letter of Payment Authorization between BioXcel and
    Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., dated as of August 1,
    2016.
    3.              Consulting Services Agreement between BioXcel and Evan
    W. Ingersoll, dated as of April 17, 2017.
    4.              Master Services Agreement between BioXcel and BioDuro,
    LLC, dated as of August 3, 2016.
    5.              Project Proposal under the Master Services Agreement
    between BioXcel and BioDuro, LLC, dated as of August 24, 2016.
    6.              Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
    between BioXcel and Luca Rastelli, dated as of June 27, 2016.
    7.              First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between
    BioXcel and Frank D. Yocca, dated as of March 1, 2016.
    8.              Data Purchase Agreement between BioXcel and Midatech
    Pharma US Inc., effective as of January 4, 2016.
 
[Schedule 8(g) to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

