 EX-10.13 17 a2234511zex-10_13.htm EX-10.13
Exhibit 10.13
 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
     , 2018
780 Third Avenue
 
New York, NY 10017
 
 
Re:
Deerfield Agreement
 
Gentlemen:
 
This letter (this Letter Agreement) is being executed and delivered in 
connection with the proposed underwritten initial public offering (the 
Public Offering) by DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp., a Delaware 
corporation (the Company) of units (the Units). The Units shall be sold 
in the Public Offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 and 
prospectus (the Prospectus) filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Company has applied to 
have the Units listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market.
 
The Company hereby agrees with Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P. (
Deerfield) as follows:
 
1.     The Company shall not consummate its initial Business Combination 
without the consent of Deerfield. Deerfield shall not unreasonably withhold 
such consent with regard to an initial Business Combination with a business 
primarily engaged in the healthcare industry, giving consideration to 
issues including but not limited to the potential regulatory, reputational 
or compliance impact to such party. The Company acknowledges that Deerfield 
does not intend to provide consent to any proposed business combination 
with a target that is not primarily engaged in the healthcare industry.
 
2.     Deerfield agrees that if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a 
proposed Business Combination for which Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, 
L.P. has granted consent, then in connection with such proposed Business 
Combination, Deerfield shall (i) vote any shares of common stock, par value 
$0.0001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock) owned by it in favor of 
such proposed Business Combination and (ii) not redeem any shares of Common 
Stock owned by it in connection with such stockholder approval.
 
3.     As used herein, Business Combination shall mean a merger, capital 
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or 
similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more 
businesses.
 
4.     The Company hereby agrees and acknowledges that Deerfield, together 
with its affiliates, is a professional investment fund, and as such invests 
in numerous portfolio companies, some of which may be deemed competitive 
with the Companys business (as currently conducted or as currently 
proposed to be conducted). The Company hereby agrees that, to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, Deerfield shall not be liable to the 
Company for any claim arising out of, or based upon, (i) the investment by 
Deerfield in any entity competitive with the Company, or (ii) actions taken 
by any partner, officer or other representative of Deerfield to assist any 
such competitive Company, whether or not such action was taken as a member 
of the board of directors of such competitive Company or otherwise, and 
whether or not such action has a detrimental effect on the Company; 
provided, however, that the foregoing shall not relieve (x) Deerfield from 
liability associated with the unauthorized disclosure of the Companys 
confidential information obtained from the Company in connection with its 
investment therein, or (y) any director or officer of the Company from any 
liability associated with his or her fiduciary duties to the Company. The 
Company acknowledges that Deerfield is in the business of investing in both 
private and public companies and therefore reviews the business plans and 
related proprietary information of many enterprises, including enterprises 
which may have products or services which compete directly or indirectly 
with those of the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude or in 
any way restrict Deerfield from investing or participating in any 
particular enterprise whether or not such enterprise has products or 
services which compete with those of the Company. The Company hereby agrees 
that Deerfield does not owe the Company a duty to refrain from trading 
securities in the public markets based solely on Deerfields access to or 
possession of the Companys confidential information.
 
5.     This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof 
and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by 
or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate to 
the subject matter hereof. This Letter Agreement may not
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a 
typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written 
instrument executed by all parties hereto.
 
6.     This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto and 
each of their permitted successors and assigns.
 
7.     This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without 
giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the 
application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties 
hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising 
out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought 
and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and 
irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and 
venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waives any objection to such exclusive 
jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
 
8.     Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of 
the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by 
certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile 
transmission.
 
[Signature Page follows]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
DEERFIELD PRIVATE DESIGN FUND IV, L.P.
 
 
 
By:
Deerfield Mgmt IV, L.P. 
 
 
General Partner
 
 
 
 
By:
J.E. Flynn Capital HIF, LLC
 
 
General Partner
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: David J. Clark
 
 
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 
Acknowledged and Agreed:
 
 
 
DFB HEALTHCARE ACQUISITIONS CORP.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name: Richard Barasch
 
 
Title: Chief Executive Officer
 
 
[Signature Page to Deerfield Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

