 EX-10.4 11 a2234454zex-10_4.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
 
Option No.
 
Date of Grant:
 
 
Shares:
 
To:
 
We are pleased to notify you that BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC. (the 
Company) has granted to you an incentive stock option under the 2017 
Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan), to purchase all or any part of an 
aggregate of                  shares of the Common Stock of the Company 
(the Optioned Shares) at a price of $              per share, subject to 
the terms and conditions of the Plan and of this Agreement set forth 
hereinafter.
 
1.             Vesting, Term and Exercise of Option.  Subject to the 
provisions of this Agreement, this option may be exercised for up to the 
number of vested Optioned Shares by you or the representative of your 
estate on or prior to 10 years from the date of grant (Last Exercise 
Date).       of the Optioned Shares vest on              .
 
2.             Any portion of the Optioned Shares that you do not exercise 
shall accumulate and can be exercised by you any time prior to the Last 
Exercise Date.   You may not exercise your option to purchase a fractional 
share, and you may only exercise your option by purchasing shares in 
increments of 100 shares unless the remaining shares purchasable are less 
than 100 shares.
 
This option may be exercised by delivering to the Secretary of the Company 
(i) a written Notice of Intention to Exercise in the form attached hereto 
as Exhibit A signed by you and specifying the number of Optioned Shares you 
desire to purchase, (ii) payment in full of the exercise price for all such 
Optioned Shares in cash, certified check or surrender of shares of Common 
Stock of the Company having a value equal to the exercise price of the 
Optioned Shares as to which you are exercising this option, provided that 
such surrendered shares, if previously acquired by exercise of a Company 
stock option, have been held by you at least six months prior to their 
surrender. As a holder of an option, you shall have the rights of a 
shareholder with respect to the Optioned Shares only after they shall have 
been issued to you upon the exercise of this option. Subject to the terms 
and provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall use its 
best efforts to cause the Optioned Shares to be issued as promptly as 
practicable after receipt of your Notice of Intention to Exercise.
 
3.             Death or Termination of Employment or Services. If the 
employment or services of the Optionee by the Company or a subsidiary 
corporation of the Company shall be terminated voluntarily by the Optionee 
or for cause by the Company, this Option shall expire forthwith, but if 
such employment or services shall be terminated for any other reason 
(except death or disability), then this Option may not be exercised at any 
time later than three (3) months after such termination of the Optionees 
employment. If the Optionee dies (i) while employed by or in the service of 
the Company or a subsidiary corporation of the Company, or (ii) within 
three (3)
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
months after termination of the Optionees employment or services, then 
this Option may be exercised by the estate of the Optionee, or by a person 
who acquired the right to exercise this Option by bequest or inheritance or 
by reason of the death of the Optionee, at any time within one (1) year 
after such death. If the Optionees employment or services with the Company 
or such subsidiary are terminated because of permanent and total disability 
while employed by or in the service of the Company or such subsidiary, this 
Option may be exercised at any time within one (1) year after termination 
of the Optionees employment or service due to the disability, provided, 
however, that nothing in this Section 4 shall extend the right to purchase 
Optioned Shares which could not be purchased by the Optionee prior to the 
termination of his employment with the Company or such subsidiary.
 
4.             Non-transferability of Option.  This Option shall not be 
transferable and may be exercised during your lifetime only by you. Any 
purported transfer or assignment of this option shall be void and of no 
effect, and shall give the Company the right to terminate this option as of 
the date of such purported transfer or assignment. No transfer of an option 
by you by will or by the laws of descent and distribution shall be 
effective unless the Company have been furnished with written notice 
thereof, and such other evidence as the Board of Directors may deem 
necessary to establish the validity of the transfer and conditions of the 
option, and to establish compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining 
thereto.
 
5.             Plan Provisions to Prevail.  This Agreement shall be subject 
to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan.  If there is any 
inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the 
provisions of the Plan shall govern.
 
6.             Certain Rights and Restrictions With Respect to Common Stock
.  The Optioned Shares which you may acquire upon the exercise of this 
option will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
or under state securities laws and the resale by you of such Optioned 
Shares will, therefore, be restricted. You will be unable to transfer such 
Optioned Shares without either registration under such Act and compliance 
with applicable state securities laws or the availability of an exemption 
therefrom. Accordingly, you represent and warrant to the Company that all 
shares of Common Stock you may acquire upon the exercise of this option 
will be acquired by you or your estate in the event of your death for your 
own account for investment and that you will not sell or otherwise dispose 
of any such shares except in compliance with all applicable federal and 
state securities laws. The Company may place a legend to such effect upon 
each certificate representing Optioned Shares acquired by you upon the 
exercise of this option.
 
7.             Disputes.  Any dispute which may arise under or as a result 
of or pursuant to this Agreement shall be finally and conclusively 
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company in its 
sole discretion, and such determination shall be binding upon all parties.
 
8.             Governing Law.  The provisions of this Plan shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A
 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO EXERCISE STOCK OPTIONS
 
The undersigned grantee of a BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Stock Option 
Agreement dated as of    , 2017 to purchase     shares of BioXcel 
Therapeutics, Inc. common stock hereby gives notice of his or her intention 
to exercise the Stock Option (or a portion thereof) and elects to purchase  
          shares of BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. common stock.
 
Shares should be issued in the name of the undersigned and should be sent 
to the undersigned at:
 
 
 
(Address where you want stock certificates mailed to)
 
 Date:
  
 
 
 
 
Social Security Number
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature
 
 
 
INSTRUCTIONS:  The exercise of these Stock Options is effective on the date 
the Company has received all of (1) this Notice of Intention to Exercise 
Stock Options, and (2) payment in full in cash of the exercise price for 
all shares being purchased pursuant to this Notice.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

