 EX-10.1 8 a2234454zex-10_1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
AMENDED & RESTATED SEPARATION AND SHARED SERVICES AGREEMENT
 
This Amended & Restated Shared Services Agreement (this Agreement) is 
entered into as of November 7, 2017 (the Execution Date), by and between 
BioXcel Corporation, a Delaware corporation located at 780 East Main 
Street, Branford, CT 06405 (BioXcel), and BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation located at 780 East Main Street, Branford, CT 06405 (
BTI) in order to amend and restate the obligations of each of BioXcel and 
BTI under that certain Separation and Shared Services Agreement (the SSA
) entered into by BioXcel and BTI as of June 30, 2017 (the Effective Date
).  BioXcel and BTI are sometimes referred to individually as a Party 
and collectively as the Parties.
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, BioXcel identified a number of therapeutic candidates using its 
proprietary artificial intelligence-powered research and development engine 
known as EvolverAI; and
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of BioXcel determined that it was in 
BioXcels best interest to restructure its business in order to realize the 
full potential of its assets, including such therapeutic candidates; and
 
WHEREAS, in accordance with the restructuring plan, BioXcel formed BTI, a 
product development biotechnology company, to develop and commercialize 
certain of the therapeutic candidates; and
 
WHEREAS, BioXcel and BTI entered into that certain Amended & Restated 
Contribution Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit A, (the Contribution 
Agreement) whereby BioXcel contributed certain therapeutic candidates and 
other assets and liabilities to BTI; and
 
WHEREAS, BTI plans to develop and commercialize such therapeutic 
candidates; and
 
WHEREAS, to allow such work to be carried out by BTI, BioXcel desires to 
furnish the office space, equipment, services and leased employees 
described herein subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and
 
WHEREAS, BioXcel desires to provide and BTI wishes to accept certain other 
financial support from BioXcel to support the efforts of BTI and to assist 
BTI with paying for the office space, equipment, services and leased 
employees described herein; and
 
WHEREAS, BTI desires to cease accepting space, equipment, services, leased 
employees and financial support pursuant to a separation plan, which is 
attached as Exhibit B (the Separation Plan) and BioXcel desires to adhere 
to the Separation Plan.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the terms 
and conditions set forth herein, the Parties hereto, intending to be 
legally bound, hereby agree to amend and restate the terms and conditions 
of the SSA as follows:
 
    1.              Shared Office Space and Equipment.
 
        a.              Office Space.  BioXcel shall make available to BTI
        sufficient space in the office leased by BioXcel and located at 780
        East Main Street, Branford, CT 06405 (the Office) during the Term
        (as defined below), including space for four (4) executives and
        three (3) hoteling seats (the BTI Space), to use for all purposes
        related to the conduct of BTIs
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        business. In addition to the BTI Space, all common space in the
        Office, including conference rooms, the kitchen and the pantry
        shall be available for use by BTI (such common space and BTI Space
        together, the Space).
 
        b.              Equipment.  BioXcel shall provide for use by BTI of
        such furniture, fixtures, and office equipment as are reasonably
        necessary and appropriate for the operation of BTI, including
        furniture, fixtures, and office equipment as BioXcel may hereafter
        acquire during the Term of this Agreement.  If BTI believes that
        any particular item of furniture or equipment is necessary for the
        effective conduct of BTIs operations, and if BioXcel determines
        not to acquire such item, then BTI shall have the right to acquire
        the same at BTIs own expense and locate it in the Office, such
        item(s) to be and remain the property of BTI.
 
        c.               Compliance with Lease.  BTI agrees, at all times,
        to comply with and to cause its employees, contractors and agents
        to comply with all terms and conditions set forth in the real
        property lease between BioXcel and its landlord, as it may be
        amended from time to time; provided that BioXcel shall promptly
        provide BTI with a copy of such lease and any such amendments.
 
        d.              Compensation.  In consideration of the use of the
        Space and the equipment, BTI shall pay to BioXcel a fee equal to
        $1,000 per month.
 
    2.              Shared Services.
 
        a.              The Services.  BioXcel shall perform for and on
        behalf of BTI the services set forth on Exhibit C (the Services)
        during the Term, which Services shall include the use of the
        EvolverAI research and development engine.
 
        b.              Performance Standards.  BioXcel shall perform the
        Services in a timely, competent, and workmanlike manner and in a
        nature and at levels consistent with BioXcels conduct of its own
        business.
 
        c.               Compensation.
 
        In consideration of the provision of the following Services, in
        addition to amounts paid pursuant to Section 3(i):
 
            i.                       BTI shall pay to BioXcel a fee equal
            to one thousand eight hundred fifty dollars ($1,850) per month
            for Services in the Branford, CT USA.
 
            ii.                    BTI shall pay to BioXcel for Services
            related to intellectual property prosecution and management as
            outlined in Exhibit C
 
            iii.                 BTI shall pay to BioXcel the sum of the
            amounts calculated by multiplying the actual hours spent
            towards services for and on behalf of BTI with the rates for
            each type of employee for Services by BioXcel through its
            subsidiary in India as outlined in Exhibit C.
 
        d.              EvolverAI Collaborative Services.  On or before
        December 31, 2019, BTI shall have the option to enter into a
        Collaborative Services Agreement with BioXcel by which BioXcel
        shall perform product identification and related services for BTI
        utilizing the EvolverAI
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        Platform.  The Parties agree to negotiate the terms of such
        Collaborative Services Agreement in good faith and that such
        agreement will incorporate reasonable market based terms, including
        consideration for BioXcel reflecting a low, single-digit royalty on
        net sales and reasonable development and commercialization
        milestone payments, provided that (i) development milestones shall
        not exceed $10 million in the aggregate and not be payable prior to
        proof of concept in humans and (ii) commercialization milestones
        shall be based on reaching annual net sales levels, be limited to
        3% of the applicable net sales level, and not exceed $30M in the
        aggregate.  BioXcel shall continue to make such product
        identification and related services available to BTI for at least
        sixty (60) months after the Effective Date.
 
    3.              Leased Employee Services.
 
        a.              Nature and Scope of Leased Employees.  Subject to
        the requirements of applicable federal and state law, BioXcel will
        on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
        Agreement, lease to BTI and BTI will lease from BioXcel the
        individuals listed on Exhibit D (the Leased Employees and each
        individually, a Leased Employee), to perform certain of the
        Services.  In the event that BioXcel leases employees from an
        affiliate and causes such employees to become Leased Employees,
        BioXcel shall be solely responsible for any obligations with
        respect to any employment arrangement with such affiliate,
        including without limitation any obligations related to immigration
        or the immigration status of any of the Leased Employees, and shall
        indemnify and hold harmless BTI from any claims, losses, or
        liabilities arising from or relating to such obligations of
        BioXcel. In the event Leased Employees are employees of an
        affiliate, BioXcel shall cause such affiliate to make the Leased
        Employees available to perform the Services for and on behalf of
        BTI.
 
        b.              Wages, Benefits and Employment Policies.  BioXcel
        shall have sole responsibility for (a) the establishment of initial
        salaries or wage rates and of subsequent adjustments thereto, if
        any, relating to the Leased Employees in each case subject to the
        approval of BTI, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld;
        (b) the payment of all wages, salaries, and other forms of
        compensation to the Leased Employees; (c) the payment of all
        payroll, social security, and unemployment taxes related to the
        Leased Employees; (d) the establishment of all personnel policies
        and employee welfare benefit programs for the Leased Employees; and
        (e) the determination of work schedules for the Leased Employees
        who are not full time or who are not fully dedicated to the
        provision of the Services for and on behalf of BTI, consistent with
        the needs of BTI as set forth in this Agreement.  BTI shall have
        full authority to direct the Leased Employees with respect to the
        performance by the Leased Employees of their respective Services to
        BTI. Nothing herein shall be construed to indicate that any Leased
        Employee is an employee of BTI and no Leased Employee shall be
        eligible to participate in any benefit program provided by BTI.
 
        c.               Employment of Leased Employees.  BioXcel shall
        advise and discuss with BTI any decision to terminate or reassign
        any Leased Employees, but BioXcel shall have and retain full
        responsibility and authority for decisions regarding termination
        and reassignment of all Leased Employees.
 
        d.              Qualifications of Leased Employees.  BioXcel
        represents and warrants to BTI as follows:
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
           i.             Each Leased Employee is appropriately trained and
           experienced in the provision of services necessary to satisfy
           the requirements of their respective job descriptions.
 
           ii.          Each Leased Employee satisfies all applicable
           certification or licensure requirements under federal and state
           law.
 
        e.               Pre-Employment Screenings.  BioXcel shall ensure
        that all Leased Employees have been subject to pre-employment
        screenings required by BioXcels current policies.
 
        f.                Performance Evaluation.  In the event that BTI
        provides reasonable evidence to BioXcel that the performance of a
        particular Leased Employee is unsatisfactory, BioXcel will take
        such action as it may deem appropriate to correct the performance
        issue or reassign the Leased Employee.  In the event that a Leased
        Employee is terminated or reassigned, BioXcel shall use reasonable
        commercial efforts to provide a replacement that is acceptable to
        BTI as soon as reasonably practicable.
 
        g.               Non-Discrimination.  No Party shall discriminate
        against the Leased Employees or ask that the Leased Employees be
        removed on the basis of race, color, ancestry, national origin,
        religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, whistle blower
        status or any other classification protected by applicable laws.
 
        h.              Support of Leased Employees.  To the extent that
        the Leased Employees provide the Services at BTIs location, BTI
        will provide adequate facilities, equipment, computer software and
        hardware, telephone or any other types of support reasonably
        necessary or appropriate in order to enable the Leased Employees to
        perform the Services.
 
        i.                  Compensation.  BTI shall compensate BioXcel for
        the Leased Employees by paying to BioXcel the agreed upon hourly
        rate set forth in Exhibit D, which is calculated based on the
        salary and benefit expenses for each Leased Employee. BioXcel shall
        cause each Leased Employee to maintain and submit weekly timesheets
        to BTI which set forth the hours worked and a detailed explanation
        of the Services provided. BTI shall have the option to reasonably
        request overtime work from the Leased Employees. BTI shall be
        responsible for all overtime pay due to Leased Employees as a
        result of an overtime request made by BTI hereunder.
 
    4.              Financial Support and Payment.
 
        a.              Financial Support.  BioXcel shall provide a line of
        credit to BTI, which shall be capped at One Million Dollars
        ($1,000,000) (the Total Funding Amount), pursuant to and in
        accordance with the terms and conditions of that certain Grid Note
        between the Parties, which is attached as Exhibit E (the Grid Note
        ). BioXcel shall not be obligated to fund the operations of BTI
        beyond the Total Funding Amount. In the event BTI determines that
        it will require additional funding to support its operations and to
        execute the Separation Plan, BTI and BioXcel will, in good faith,
        assess increasing the Total Funding Amount, and, at the discretion
        of the Parties, shall amend the terms of the Grid Note or execute a
        new note to reflect any new funding.
 
        b.              Payment. BTI shall pay to BioXcel amounts due under
        Sections 1(d), 2(c) and 3(i). BioXcel shall send invoices to
        BioXcel for such amounts within thirty (30) days after the end of
        each calendar month. BTI shall pay each invoice within sixty (60)
        days after
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        receipt thereof.  If any portion of any invoice is disputed, BTI
        shall pay the undisputed amount, and the Parties shall use good
        faith efforts to reconcile the disputed amount as soon as possible.
 
        c.               Reimbursement for Past Support.  The Parties
        recognize that BioXcel contributed services and support to BTI in
        connection with its organization and development prior to the date
        funding under the Grid Note was available to BTI in the amount of
        Five Hundred Sixty-two Thousand Dollars ($562,000).  BTI shall
        reimburse BioXcel such amount on the earliest to occur of: (x)
        thirty days after the IPO (as defined in the Contribution
        Agreement); (y) ten (10) days after BTI receives funding of at
        least $5,000,000 other than through the IPO; and (z) December 31,
        2018.
 
    5.              Separation Plan.  BioXcel and BTI hereby acknowledge
    that the Services and the use of the Leased Employees and the Space
    shall decrease over time in accordance with the Separation Plan. The
    Parties further acknowledge that BTI plans to cease accepting all
    operational and financial support from BioXcel pursuant to the timeline
    set forth in the Separation Plan. The Parties agree to adhere to the
    terms of the Separation Plan. In the event BTI determines that the
    Separation Plan must be amended due to changes related to the business
    of BTI, including the development or commercialization of the
    therapeutic candidates, BTI shall notify BioXcel in writing and the
    Parties shall, in good faith, assess any continued support required by
    BTI. Any amendments to the Separation Plan shall be agreed upon in
    writing by the Parties and shall be attached in Exhibit B hereto.
 
    6.              Recusal.  The Parties covenant and agree that, in
    support of the Separation Plan as long as Vimal Mehta is a member of
    senior management or the governing board of both BioXcel and BTI, he
    may participate in discussions at the senior management and governing
    board levels for each of BioXcel and BTI but shall not vote on matters
    coming before either governing board material to this Agreement, the
    Contribution Agreement or other agreements relating to the relationship
    between the Parties.  Each Party shall ensure that Vimal Mehta recuses
    himself with respect to governing board matters consistent with this
    Section 6.
 
    7.              Confidentiality.  Each Party shall maintain the
    confidentiality of all data, information, records, reports and all
    other nonpublic information provided to it by the other Party (the 
    Confidential Information), and shall not disclose any Confidential
    Information to third parties for any reason unless and only to the
    extent jointly agreed to, in writing, by the Parties or as required by
    law.  The foregoing applies to information communicated orally, in
    writing, by computer processes, and includes without limitation, this
    Agreement, any and all meeting notes, business plans, financial
    statements, analyses and/or research materials, corporate documents,
    and correspondence.
 
    8.              Intellectual Property Rights. BioXcel and BTI intend
    for any work product, including designs, business plans, correspondence
    (printed or electronic), discoveries, inventions, improvements,
    software, works of authorship, information, know-how, or other
    materials made, conceived, reduced to practice or developed in whole or
    in part by BioXcel or the Leased Employees during the Term or within
    six (6) months after the expiration of the Term in connection with the
    Services or that relate to the Confidential Information or the business
    of BTI (the Developments) to be works made for hire. BTI shall own
    all right, title and interest in and to the Developments, and shall be
    deemed to be the author of the Developments for copyright purposes. Any
    and all forms of intellectual property rights including, without
    limitation, patents, trademarks, copyrights, mask rights, trade secrets
    and proprietary know-how related to or covering property therein
    resulting from the Services shall be owned by BTI and may be registered
    exclusively in the name of BTI in
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
    the U.S. Copyright Office, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and
    other similar registries in other countries.  BioXcel shall promptly
    and shall cause the Leased Employees to promptly disclose to BTI all
    Developments and Confidential Information relating to the Services and
    perform all actions reasonably requested by BTI, whether during or
    after the Term, to establish and confirm BTIs ownership of
    Developments, Confidential Information and related intellectual
    property, including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of
    assignments, consents, powers of attorney and other instruments, and
    provide reasonable assistance to BTI or any of its affiliates in
    connection with (a) the prosecution of any applications for patents,
    trademarks, trade names, service marks, reissues thereof or other legal
    protection thereon, (b) the maintenance, enforcement and renewal of any
    rights that may be obtained, granted or vest therein, and (c) the
    prosecution and defense of any actions, proceedings, oppositions or
    interferences relating thereto. For clarity, Developments shall include
    any new product candidates and any related inventions identified
    through the use of EvolverAI in performing the Services.
 
    9.              Term and Termination.
 
        a.              Term.  Unless terminated earlier in accordance with
        the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of
        Effective Date and terminate immediately upon the completion of the
        Separation Plan (the Term).
 
        b.              Termination on Mutual Agreement.  This Agreement
        may be terminated by mutual agreement of the Parties hereto at any
        time during the Term.
 
        c.               [Section intentionally left blank]
 
        d.              Termination on Insolvency of BTI.   If BTI becomes
        bankrupt or insolvent, or makes any assignment for the benefit of
        creditors, or if a receiver is appointed to take charge of its
        property and such proceeding is not vacated or terminated within
        thirty (30) days after its commencement or institution, BioXcel may
        immediately terminate this Agreement by written notice after the
        thirty (30)-day period has passed.  Any such termination shall be
        without prejudice to accrued rights of BioXcel, and to other rights
        and remedies for default.
 
        e.               Termination for Breach.  Either Party may
        terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written
        notice if the other Party is in material breach of this Agreement
        and fails to cure such material breach within such thirty (30)-day
        period.
 
    10.       Miscellaneous.
 
        a.              Compliance with Applicable Law.  In connection with
        the performance of this Agreement, both Parties shall comply with
        all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.
        Without limiting the foregoing, BioXcel shall maintain compliance
        with all laws and regulations governing the employment of the
        Leased Employees and BTI shall maintain compliance with all laws
        and regulations governing the supervision of the Leased Employees.
        The Parties shall cooperate with each other to effect such
        compliance.
 
        b.              Coordination Meetings.  The Parties agree to meet
        and confer in good faith on a regular basis to discuss the Services
        provided hereunder.
 
        c.               Independent Contractors.  The relationship between
        BioXcel on the one hand and BTI on the other is that of independent
        contractors, and none of the provisions of this Agreement
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        is intended to create, nor will be construed to create, an agency,
        partnership or joint venture relationship between the Parties.  No
        Party to this Agreement or any of their respective officers,
        members or employees, will be deemed to be the agent, employee or
        representative of another Party by virtue of this Agreement.
 
        d.              Force Majeure.  No Party shall be deemed to be in
        default of this Agreement if prevented from performing any
        obligation hereunder for any reason beyond its control, including
        but not limited to, acts of God, war, civil commotion, fire, flood
        or casualty, labor difficulties, shortages of or inability to
        obtain labor, materials or equipment, governmental regulations or
        restrictions, or unusually severe weather.  In any such case, the
        Parties agree to negotiate in good faith with the goal of
        preserving this Agreement and the respective rights and obligations
        of the Parties hereunder, to the extent reasonably practicable.  It
        is agreed that financial inability shall not be deemed a matter
        beyond a Partys reasonable control.
 
        e.               Entire Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the
        entire agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter
        hereof and supersede any prior understandings, agreements, or
        representations by or between the Parties, written or oral, to the
        extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof.
 
        f.                Succession and Assignment.  This Agreement shall
        be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties named
        herein and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
        Neither Party may assign either this Agreement or any of its
        rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior
        written approval of the other Party.  In the event that BioXcel
        sells, exclusively out-licenses or otherwise disposes of EvolverAI
        to a third party, BioXcel shall assign this Agreement to such third
        party and cause such third party to assume this Agreement, solely
        with respect to the continued provision of Services (including the
        use of EvolverAI in connection therewith) to BTI.
 
        g.               Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in
        one or more counterparts (including by means of facsimile), each of
        which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will
        constitute one and the same instrument.  The transmission of a copy
        of an executed signature page hereof by facsimile or portable
        document format (.pdf) shall have the same effect as the delivery
        of a manually executed counterpart hereof.
 
        h.              Headings.  The section headings contained in this
        Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in
        any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
 
        i.                  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands,
        claims, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and
        delivered to a Party at the address listed above. Any notice,
        request, demand, claim, or other communication hereunder shall be
        deemed duly given (a) when delivered personally to the recipient,
        (b) one (1) business day after being sent to the recipient by
        reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid), or (c) four
        (4) business days after being mailed to the recipient by certified
        or registered mail. Any Party may change the address to which
        notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications
        hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other Party notice in
        the manner herein set forth.
 
        j.                 Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial.  This
        Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
        laws of the State of Connecticut without giving effect to
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the
        State of Connecticut or any other jurisdiction) that would cause
        the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the
        State of Connecticut.  BOTH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
        IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
        PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
        TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
 
        k.              Amendments.  No amendment of any provision of this
        Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and
        signed by both of the Parties.
 
        l.                  Severability.  Any term or provision of this
        Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any
        jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the
        remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or
        enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other
        situation or in any other jurisdiction.
 
        m.          Incorporation of Exhibits.  The Exhibits identified in
        this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and made a part
        hereof.
 
        n.              No Waiver.  The failure of any Party to this
        Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or
        otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.  The waiver
        of any such right with respect to particular facts and other
        circumstances shall not be deemed a waiver with respect to any
        other facts and circumstances and each such right shall be deemed
        an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from time to
        time.  No right, remedy or election given by any term of this
        Agreement shall be deemed exclusive but shall be cumulative with
        all of the rights, remedies and elections available at law or in
        equity.
 
[Signature page follows]
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Amended & 
Restated Separation and Shared Services Agreement as of the Execution Date.
 
BIOXCEL CORPORATION
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Krishnan Nandabalan
 
By:
/s/ Peter Mueller
Name: Krishnan Nandabalan
Name: Peter Mueller
Title: President
Title: Chairman
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Exhibit A
 
AMENDED & RESTATED ASSET CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT
 
This Amended & Restated Asset Contribution Agreement (this Agreement) is 
entered into as of November 7, 2017 (the Execution Date), by and between 
BioXcel Corporation, a Delaware corporation located at 780 East Main 
Street, Branford, CT 06405 (BioXcel), and BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation located at 780 East Main Street, Branford, CT 06405 (
BTI).
 
WHEREAS, BioXcel identified a number of therapeutic candidates using its 
proprietary artificial intelligence-powered research and development engine 
known as EvolverAI; and
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of BioXcel determined that it was in 
BioXcels best interest to restructure its business in order to realize the 
full potential of its assets, including such therapeutic candidates; and
 
WHEREAS, in accordance with the restructuring plan, BioXcel formed BTI, a 
product development biotechnology company, to develop and commercialize 
certain of the therapeutic candidates; and
 
WHEREAS, to allow such work to be carried out by BTI, BioXcel and BTI 
entered into certain agreements including an Asset Contribution Agreement, 
dated as of June 30, 2017 (the Effective Date), by which BioXcel 
contributed certain assets and liabilities to BTI pursuant to the terms and 
conditions thereof (the ACA); and
 
WHEREAS, BTI accepted certain assets and liabilities from BioXcel pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the ACA; and
 
WHEREAS, BioXcel desires to transfer to BTI certain additional assets and 
liabilities and grant to BTI certain rights in future therapeutic 
candidates identified by BioXcel pursuant to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants contained herein, and 
other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby acknowledged, the parties now agree to amend and restate the ACA as 
follows:
 
    1.              Contribution of Assets & Option.
 
      A.            Initial Contribution of Assets.  On the terms and
      subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, BioXcel hereby
      agrees to sell, contribute, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to
      BTI, and BTI agrees to acquire from BioXcel, all of BioXcels right,
      title and interest in and to BXCL701, BXCL702, BXCL501, and BXCL502
      (collectively, the Candidates), and all of the assets associated
      with the Candidates, other than those specified to be Retained Assets
      (as defined below), (collectively, the Assets), free and clear of
      any security interest, lien, charge, option, claim or other
      encumbrance (each, a Lien), other than those Liens listed on 
      Schedule 1 (collectively, the Permitted Liens). The Assets include
      the following to the extent used or held for use in connection with
      the Candidates as of the Effective Date:
 
        a.              The intellectual property set forth on Schedule
        1(a) (collectively, the Intellectual Property);
 
        b.              All goodwill associated with the Assets;
 
        c.               Except as set forth in Section 4 below, all of
        BioXcels rights under the Contracts (as defined below);
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        d.              All documentation, notebooks, logs, data and
        records associated with the Assets, and any other information
        necessary for the development of the Assets;
 
        e.               All marketing and advertising materials in hard or
        soft copy, including without limitation, printed promotional
        materials and labels associated with the Assets;
 
        f.                All claims, causes of action, rights of recovery,
        rights of setoff and rights of recoupment, whether or not known as
        of the Effective Date, relating to BioXcels ownership of the
        Assets; and
 
        g.               All rights under or pursuant to all warranties,
        indemnities, representations, guarantees and similar rights,
        whether or not known as of the Effective Date, in favor of BioXcel
        with respect to the Candidates or the Assets;
 
        h.              The Tangible Assets (as defined below); and
 
        i.                  The assets specifically identified in Schedule
        1(i).
 
      B.            Option to Negotiate for Additional Product Candidates. 
      BioXcel hereby grants to BTI a first right to negotiate exclusive
      rights to any additional product candidates in the fields of
      Neuroscience and Immuno-oncology (the Option Field) that BioXcel
      may identify wholly on its own or under arrangements with third
      parties, and not in connection with BioXcels provision of services
      to BTI under the Parties Amended & Restated Separation and Shared
      Services Agreement.  For clarity, this option shall not apply to any
      additional product candidates identified by BioXcel in connection
      with services BioXcel provides to BTI pursuant to the Parties
      Amended & Restated Separation and Shared Services Agreement
      (including, without limitation services that involve the use of
      EvolverAI) because all such additional product candidates identified
      in connection with such services would be considered to be
      Developments (as defined in that agreement) already owned by BTI. 
      This option for first negotiation shall be valid for a period of five
      (5) years from the date of the IPO (as defined below). Within sixty
      (60) days of identifying a potential product candidate in the Option
      Field, BioXcel shall present such identified candidate to BTI.  BTI
      shall then have up to one hundred eighty (180) days in which to
      evaluate such product candidate (the Evaluation Period).  If BTI
      wishes to negotiate for the exclusive rights to such product
      candidate, BTI shall so notify BioXcel in writing prior to the end of
      the Evaluation Period, and if BTI so notifies BioXcel, BTI and
      BioXcel shall negotiate in good faith commercially reasonable terms
      by which BTI can receive BioXcels rights to such product candidate. 
      If BioXcel and BTI are unable to mutually agree, in writing, within
      ninety (90) days after the end of the Evaluation Period to terms
      regarding BTIs rights to develop and/or commercialize such product
      candidate, BioXcel shall be free to develop and/or commercialize such
      product candidate either by itself or with one or more third parties.
       Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, BTIs
      rights and obligations set forth in this Section 1.B shall apply and
      be effective only from and after BTIs completion, on or before
      December 31, 2018, of a firm commitment underwritten public offering
      of share of common stock (and any other securities of BTI that may be
      sold along with such shares of common stock in any such public
      offering) (IPO).
 
      C.            Exclusivity in Option Field.  Prior to the fifth (5th)
      anniversary of the IPO, BioXcel shall not develop drugs, or engage in
      preclinical discovery for the purpose of developing drugs, in the
      Option Field for or on behalf of a third party, utilizing EvolverAI
      or otherwise.  In support of the foregoing, BioXcel shall inform
      third parties with which it enters into collaborations or other
      arrangements that BTI holds a first right to negotiate for BioXcels
      rights in product candidates in the Option Field and the duration of
      such right of BTI.  BioXcels covenant as set forth in this Section
      1.C and BTIs right of
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
      first negotiation as set forth in Section 1.B shall not prevent or
      interfere with BioXcels rights to the EvolverAI platform or use of
      the EvolverAI platform by third parties as long as BioXcel does not
      provide collaborative services to, or actively support, such third
      party in its evaluation of the results of the EvolverAI research and
      development engine to develop drugs in the Option Field.
 
    2.              Retained Assets. The assets set forth on Schedule 2 
    shall be retained by BioXcel and shall not be sold or assigned to BTI
    (the Retained Assets).
 
    3.              Assumption of Liabilities.  As of the Effective Date,
    BTI shall assume and will be responsible for and pay, perform, and
    discharge when due all liabilities associated with the Assets,
    including without limitation, payment of any fees required to maintain
    any registrations and applications for registration arising from the
    ownership or use of the Intellectual Property due on and after the
    Effective Date, and all obligations and liabilities of BioXcel under
    the Contracts to the extent that those obligations and liabilities
    relate to the period after the Effective Date, in each case exclusive
    of any liability or obligation arising thereunder as a result of any
    breach, default or failure of BioXcel to perform any covenants or
    obligations required to be performed by BioXcel prior to the Effective
    Date. In addition to the liabilities described in the previous
    sentence, in consideration of BioXcels contribution of the Assets to
    BTI, BTI shall assume from BioXcel and be responsible for all
    liabilities set forth on Schedule 3, hereto (all liabilities assumed by
    BTI, including liabilities set forth on Schedule 3, the Assumed
    Liabilities).
 
    4.              Assignment of Contracts. To the extent that any
    Contract is not capable of being assigned or transferred without the
    consent or waiver of the other party thereto or any third party, or if
    such assignment or transfer, or attempted assignment or transfer would
    constitute a breach thereof, this Agreement shall not constitute an
    assignment or transfer thereof, or an attempted assignment or transfer
    of any such Contract.  Schedule 4 lists those Contracts that BioXcel
    believes are not assignable without the written consent of the other
    party thereto (the Required Consents). To the extent permitted by
    applicable law, any consents and approvals of third parties required
    for the transfer to BTI of any of the Assets, including the Required
    Consents, that are not obtained or cannot be obtained without any
    conditions adverse to BTI or without any obligations imposed on BTI not
    specified in the Contract for which consent is being obtained prior to
    the Effective Date (the Non-Assignable Contracts), such
    Non-Assignable Contracts shall be held, as of and from the Effective
    Date, by BioXcel in trust for BTI and the covenants and obligations
    thereunder shall be performed by BTI in BioXcels name and all benefits
    and obligations existing thereunder shall be for BTIs account. 
    BioXcel shall take or cause to be taken at BTIs expense such actions
    in its name or otherwise as BTI may reasonably request so as to provide
    BTI with the benefits of the Non-Assignable Contracts and to effect
    collection of money or other consideration that becomes due and payable
    under the Non-Assignable Contracts, and BioXcel shall promptly pay over
    to BTI all money or other consideration received by it in respect of
    the Non-Assignable Contracts.  As of and from the Effective Date,
    BioXcel authorizes BTI, to the extent permitted by applicable law and
    the terms of the Non-Assignable Contracts, at BTIs expense, to perform
    all of the obligations and receive all the benefits of BioXcel under
    the Non-Assignable Contracts.
 
    5.              Intellectual Property Registrations.  BioXcel shall
    authorize and request that any officials of any state or foreign
    country whose duty it is to issue intellectual property registrations
    (including letters patent) (a) issue all registrations from any from
    any applications for registrations, and (b) transfer any applications
    or registration as applicable, in each case that are included in the
    Intellectual Property to BTI at BioXcels expense.
 
    6.              Consideration.  The full consideration for the
    contribution of the Assets hereunder shall be:
 
        a.              The issuance by BTI to BioXcel of Forty Thousand
        (40,000) shares of common stock of BTI.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        b.              A one-time, lump-sum payment by BTI to BioXcel of
        Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) upon the achievement of Fifty
        Million Dollars ($50,000,000) in cumulative Net Sales of any
        product or combination of products resulting from the development
        and commercialization of any one of the Candidates or a product
        derived therefrom. Net Sales shall mean the actual amounts
        received by BTI or its sublicensees on all sales of the product(s)
        in the world to third parties, less any of the following to the
        extent included in such amounts: (i) normal and customary trade and
        quantity discounts actually given; and, in case of returns or
        rejections of the product(s), the associated credits and price
        adjustments; (ii) rebates or commissions allowed or granted, and
        administrative fees paid, to government agencies or trade
        customers, including wholesalers and chain buying groups; (iii)
        prepaid freight, postage, shipping, customs duties and insurance
        charges; and (iv) sales, value-added, and excise taxes, tariffs,
        and other taxes and government charges directly related to the sale
        of the product(s) and actually borne by BTI or its sublicensees
        without reimbursement from any third party, excluding any taxes
        assessed against the income derived from such sale. Such amounts
        shall be determined in accordance with from the books and records
        of the applicable party using generally accepted accounting
        principles, consistently applied, and may include using accrual
        accounting where applicable.
 
        c.               BTI shall pay to BioXcel the amount due under
        Section 6.b within sixty (60) days after the achievement of Fifty
        Million Dollars ($50,000,000) in cumulative Net Sales as set forth
        above.
 
        d.              BTI shall pay BioXcel One Million Dollars
        ($1,000,000) as a lump sum within thirty (30) days after closing of
        the IPO.
 
        e.               BTI shall pay BioXcel (x) Five Hundred Thousand
        Dollars ($500,000) within thirty (30) days after the later of the
        twelve (12) month anniversary of the IPO and the first dosing of a
        patient in the bridging bioavailability/bioequivalence study for
        the BXCL501 program and (y) Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
        ($500,000) within thirty (30) days after the later of the twelve
        (12) month anniversary of the IPO and the first dosing of a patient
        in the Phase 2 PoC open label monotherapy or combination trial with
        Keytruda for the BXCL701 program.
 
    7.              Deliveries.  Each party shall execute and deliver to
    the other party any such documents and instruments as shall be
    reasonably requested by the other party or the other partys counsel
    that are reasonably necessary to complete the transactions set forth
    herein.
 
    8.              Representations and Warranties of BioXcel.
 
        a.              BioXcel has full power and authority to enter into
        this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
        herein. BioXcel has taken all action required by law, by the
        organizational documents of BioXcel, or otherwise, to authorize the
        transactions contemplated herein. This Agreement, when executed and
        delivered by BioXcel, will constitute a valid and legally binding
        obligation, enforceable against BioXcel in accordance with its
        terms, except as the same may be restricted, limited or delayed by
        applicable bankruptcy or other laws affecting creditors rights
        generally or by equitable principles and except as to the remedy of
        specific performance which may not be available under the laws of
        various jurisdictions.
 
        b.              The execution, delivery and performance of this
        Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
        hereunder will not (i) violate any provision of, result in a breach
        of, or constitute a default under, any law or any order, writ,
        injunction or decree of any court, governmental agency or
        arbitration tribunal applicable to BioXcel; (ii) constitute a
        violation of or
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
        a default under, or a conflict with, any term or provision of the
        governing documents of BioXcel; or (iii) constitute a violation of
        or a default under any contract, commitment, indenture, lease,
        instrument or other agreement, or any other restriction of any kind
        to which BioXcel is a party or is bound.
 
        c.               BioXcel has taken all action reasonably necessary
        to prosecute its existing intellectual property applications
        material to the Candidates and to maintain all Intellectual
        Property in full force and effect as of the Effective Date, and has
        not taken or failed to take any action that could reasonably have
        the effect of waiving any material rights to the Candidates or the
        Intellectual Property. As of the Effective Date, no Intellectual
        Property is or has been involved in any interference, opposition,
        cancellation, concurrent use, invalidity, reissue, reexamination,
        revocation, litigation or other proceeding, in which the scope,
        validity or enforceability of Intellectual Property is being or has
        been contested or challenged, and to BioXcels knowledge, no such
        proceeding has been threatened with respect to any Intellectual
        Property.
 
        d.              BioXcel has not received any written notice from
        any person, and does not have any knowledge of, any claim,
        regarding the use of, or challenging or questioning BioXcels right
        or title in, any of the Intellectual Property or alleging
        infringement or misappropriation of any Intellectual Property.
 
        e.               There is no claim, litigation, proceeding or
        governmental investigation pending or, to BioXcels knowledge,
        threatened, or any order, injunction, or decree outstanding,
        against BioXcel, that would prevent or have a material adverse
        effect on the rights, duties or obligations of the parties as set
        forth in this Agreement.
 
        f.                Schedule 8(f) sets forth a complete and accurate
        list of all equipment (including computers, computer servers,
        information systems, telephone systems and database systems and
        office equipment), supplies, furniture, fixtures, and all other
        tangible personal property, wherever located (collectively, 
        Tangible Assets).  Any Tangible Assets to be contributed to BTI
        pursuant to this Agreement are in good operating condition and in
        good repair, normal wear and tear excepted.
 
        g.               Schedule 8(g) contains a complete list of the
        contracts, commitments, understandings, open purchase orders,
        contractor agreements or other agreements, including license
        agreements, equipment leases and manufacturers and vendors
        warranties relating to items included in the Assets and all similar
        rights against third parties relating to items included in the
        Assets (collectively, the Contracts).  True and complete copies
        of all Contracts have been delivered to BTI.  All Contracts listed
        on Schedule 8(g) were entered into in connection with and in the
        ordinary course of BioXcels business, consistent with past
        practice.  All the Contracts listed on Schedule 8(g) are in full
        force and effect and, to BioXcels knowledge, there is no breach of
        any of the provisions of the Contracts by any party thereto.  To
        BioXcels knowledge, no condition exists that, with notice or lapse
        of time or both, would constitute a default by any party to any of
        those Contracts. To BioXcels knowledge, no party to any of the
        Contracts listed on Schedule 8(g) has made, asserted or has any
        defense, set-off or counterclaim under any of the Contracts or has
        exercised any option granted to it to cancel or terminate its
        agreement, to shorten the term of its agreement or to renew or
        extend the term of its agreement, and BioXcel has not received any
        notice to that effect.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
    9.              Representations and Warranties of BTI.
 
        a.              BTI has full power and authority to enter into this
        Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein.
        BTI has taken all action required by law, by the organizational
        documents of BTI, or otherwise, to authorize the transactions
        contemplated herein. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by
        BTI, will constitute a valid and legally binding obligation,
        enforceable against BTI in accordance with its terms, except as the
        same may be restricted, limited or delayed by applicable bankruptcy
        or other laws affecting creditors rights generally or by equitable
        principles and except as to the remedy of specific performance
        which may not be available under the laws of various jurisdictions.
 
        b.              The execution, delivery and performance of this
        Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
        hereunder will not (i) violate any provision of, result in a breach
        of, or constitute a default under, any law or any order, writ,
        injunction or decree of any court, governmental agency or
        arbitration tribunal applicable to BTI; (ii) constitute a violation
        of or a default under, or a conflict with, any term or provision of
        the governing documents of BTI; or (iii) constitute a violation of
        or a default under any contract, commitment, indenture, lease,
        instrument or other agreement, or any other restriction of any kind
        to which BTI is a party or is bound.
 
        c.               There is no claim, litigation, proceeding or
        governmental investigation pending or, to BTIs knowledge,
        threatened, or any order, injunction, or decree outstanding,
        against BTI, that would prevent or have a material adverse effect
        on the rights, duties or obligations of the parties as set forth in
        this Agreement.
 
    10.       Indemnification.
 
        a.              BioXcel shall indemnify and hold harmless BTI, and
        its directors, officers, employees, agents, and other
        representatives, from and against all loss, liability, claims,
        expenses, damages, fines, or penalties (including reasonable
        attorneys fees) (collectively, Losses) arising from or related
        to (i) BioXcels breach of this Agreement, and (ii) any other
        liability or claim, whether commenced before or after the Effective
        Date, arising out of BioXcels ownership of the Candidates and the
        Assets prior to the Effective Date (regardless of whether such
        liability or claim was known by BTI as of the Effective Date).
 
        b.              BTI shall indemnify and hold harmless BioXcel, and
        its directors, officers, employees, agents, and other
        representatives, from and against all Losses arising from or
        related to (i) BTIs breach of this Agreement, (ii) the failure by
        BTI to pay, perform or discharge when due any of the Assumed
        Liabilities, and (iii) BTIs ownership, development and
        commercialization of the Assets after the Effective Date.
 
    11.       Recusal.  The Parties covenant and agree that as long as
    Vimal Mehta is a member of senior management or the governing board of
    both BioXcel and BTI, he may participate in discussions at the senior
    management and governing board levels for each of BioXcel and BTI but
    shall not vote on matters coming before either governing board material
    to this Agreement, the Amended & Restated Separation and Shared
    Services Agreement or other agreements relating to the relationship
    between the Parties.  Each Party shall ensure that Vimal Mehta recuses
    himself with respect to governing board matters consistent with this
    Section 11.
 
    12.       Confidentiality.  Each party shall maintain the
    confidentiality of all data, information, records, reports and all
    other nonpublic information provided to it by the other party (the 
    Confidential Information), and shall not disclose any Confidential
    Information to third parties for any reason unless and only to the
    extent jointly agreed to, in writing, by the parties or as required by
    law.  The foregoing applies to
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
    information communicated orally, in writing, by computer processes, and
    includes without limitation, this Agreement, any and all meeting notes,
    business plans, financial statements, analyses and/or research
    materials, corporate documents, and correspondence.
 
    13.       Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
    construed in accordance with the law of the State of Connecticut,
    without giving effect to principles governing conflicts of law.
 
    14.       Specific Performance.  Each of the parties acknowledges and
    agrees that the other party would be damaged irreparably in the event
    any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance
    with their specific terms or otherwise are breached.  Accordingly, each
    of the parties agrees that the other party shall be entitled to an
    injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the provisions of this
    Agreement and to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms and
    provisions hereof in any action instituted in any court of the United
    States or any state thereof having jurisdiction over the parties and
    the matter in addition to any other remedy to which they may be
    entitled, at law or in equity.
 
    15.       Assignment. No party may assign any of its rights or delegate
    any of its duties under this Agreement without the prior written
    consent of the other party, except that either party may, without such
    consent, assign its rights and delegate its duties to a successor to
    such partys entire business.
 
    16.       Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including the schedules
    hereto, contains a complete statement of all the arrangements between
    the parties with respect to its subject matter, supersedes any previous
    agreements between them relating to that subject matter, and cannot be
    amended, modified or terminated except in a written document executed
    by the parties.
 
    17.       Severability. The invalidity of any provision or portion of a
    provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity of any other
    provision of this Agreement or the remaining portion of the applicable
    provision.  If any provision of this Agreement or the application of a
    particular provision to any party or circumstances shall be determined
    by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable
    to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of
    such provision to such party or circumstances other than those to which
    it is determined to be invalid or enforceable, shall not be affected
    thereby, and each provision hereof shall be enforced to the fullest
    extent permitted by applicable law.
 
    18.       Amendments and Waivers. No amendment of any provision of this
    Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed
    by the parties. No waiver by either party of any default,
    misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether
    intentional or not, shall be deemed to extend to any prior or
    subsequent default, misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant
    hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any
    prior or subsequent such occurrence.
 
    19.       Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more
    counterparts, which together shall constitute a single instrument. 
    Facsimile or electronic delivery of an executed counterpart shall be
    valid and binding for all purposes.
 
[Signature page follows]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Amended & Restated 
Asset Contribution Agreement to be duly executed as of the Execution Date.
 
BIOXCEL CORPORATION
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Krishnan Nandabalan
 
/s/ Peter Mueller
Signature
 
Signature
 
 
 
Krishnan Nandabalan
 
Peter Mueller
Name Printed
 
Name Printed
 
 
 
President
 
Chairman
Title
 
Title
 
[Signature page to Amended and Restated Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 1
Permitted Liens
 
None
 
[Schedule 1 to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 1(a)
 
Intellectual Property
 
Invention
No
 
Project
 
Country
name/stage
 
Title
 
Applicant
 
Priority
App.no &
Filing date
 
Complete Application
No. & Filing date
 
Publication No.
&
Date
1
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
[***]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 1(i)
 
All Other Assets
 
Prepaid Expenses transferred to BTI:  $46,105
 
[Schedule 1(i) to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 2
 
Retained Assets
 
None
 
[Schedule 2 to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 3
 
Assumed Liabilities
 
 
 
$
 
 List of Liabilities
 
 
 
 Capital one- 2191
 
2,685
 
 Amex -42004
 
44,568
 
 Amex- 32001
 
1,945
 
 Accrued Expenses
 
55,244
 
 Account Payable
 
244,190
 
 Accrued Wages
 
90,408
 
  
 
 
 
 Total Liabilities
 
439,040
 
 
[Schedule 3 to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 4
 
Required Consents
 
[Schedule 4 to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 8(f)
 
Tangible Assets
 
 
 
$
 
 List of Tangible Assets
 
 
 
 Fixed Assets
 
5,309
 
 Accumulated Depreciation
 
(923
)
  
 
 
 
 Total Assets
 
4,386
 
 
[Schedule 8(f) to Asset Contribution Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Schedule 8(g)
 
Contracts
 
    1.              Master Services Agreement between BioXcel and Charles
    River Laboratories International, Inc., dated as of July 6, 2016.
    2.              Letter of Payment Authorization between BioXcel and
    Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., dated as of August 1,
    2016.
    3.              Consulting Services Agreement between BioXcel and Evan
    W. Ingersoll, dated as of April 17, 2017.
    4.              Master Services Agreement between BioXcel and BioDuro,
    LLC, dated as of August 3, 2016.
    5.              Project Proposal under the Master Services Agreement
    between BioXcel and BioDuro, LLC, dated as of August 24, 2016.
    6.              Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
    between BioXcel and Luca Rastelli, dated as of June 27, 2016.
    7.              First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between
    BioXcel and Frank D. Yocca, dated as of March 1, 2016.
    8.              Data Purchase Agreement between BioXcel and Midatech
    Pharma US Inc., effective as of January 4, 2016.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Exhibit B
 
Separation Plan
 
BioXcel Therapeutics (BTI) business focus is to develop and commercialize 
lead candidates contributed by BioXcel (parent) BXCL 501, 502, 701 and 702 
and any future candidates.
 
Financing: BTI will be initially supported by BioXcel (parent) with grid 
note for up to $1M. BTI is expected to obtain its financing through private 
or public investment.
 
Board: BTI is to build required number of independent directors in its 
Board over the next 12-18 months.
 
Operations: BioXcel has assigned key management team to BTI to conduct its 
business and R&D functions. BTI management team is responsible for 
management and execution of R&D associated with BXCL501, 502, 701 and 702. 
In addition, all relevant material contracts assigned to BTI. BTI will 
continue to use shared office space and services from BioXcel as outlined 
in Table 1 below.
 
Table 1: Separation Plan Timelines
 
Facility / Services / Assets /
Employees
 
Expected Timeframe
 
Additional Details
 
 
 
 
 
I.Shared Office Space and Equipment (Section 1)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Office Space
 
12 months
 
Earlier than 12 months in the event of financing
 
 
 
 
 
Equipment
 
12 months
 
Earlier than 12 months in the event of financing
 
 
 
 
 
II.Shared Services (Section 2)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  i. Services in the Branford CT USA office
 
12 months
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  ii. Services in the nature of support for intellectual property
  prosecution and management
 
12 months
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  iii. Services by BioXcel thru its subsidiary in India
 
24-36 months
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
III. Financial Support & Payment:
Grid Note for $1M
 
Repaid in 18 months or upon $10M cumulative financing
 
Increase revolving line of credit based on mutual consent
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Exhibit C
 
The Services
 
A: BioXcel shall provide the following Services to BTI using the following 
rates:
 
    1.              Services in the Branford CT USA office ($1,850);
 
        a.              General administrative support of approximately up
        to a maximum of 2 hours per day at $40 per hour; to be increased to
        $50 per hour after financing event of $5,000,000 or an IPO for BTI.
 
        b.              Payroll services at $250 per month (for up to a
        maximum of 7 Employees); to be increased to $500 per month after
        financing event of $5,000,000 or an IPO for BTI.
 
    2.              Services for intellectual property prosecution and
    management (Flexible).
 
        a.              A fee of $250 per hour for a maximum of twenty
        hours per month. Fee shall be $500 per hour upon financing event of
        $5,000,000 or an IPO for BTI.
 
    3.              Services by BioXcel directly, or through its subsidiary
    in India, for various departments and corresponding hourly rates are
    outlined in the table below.
 
Title  Department (India)
 
Rate ($)
Managing Director
 
[***]
Director-Drug Discovery
 
[***]
Assistant Director-Drug Discovery
 
[***]
Assistant Director-Drug Discovery
 
[***]
Senior Manager-Drug Discovery
 
[***]
Principal Analyst-Drug Discovery
 
[***]
Principal Analyst-Drug Discovery
 
[***]
Principal Analyst-Drug Discovery
 
[***]
Principal Analyst-Medical Analytics
 
[***]
Principal Analyst-Data Science
 
[***]
Assistant Director-Commercial Analytics
 
[***]
Senior Manager-IP Analytics
 
[***]
 
 
Apply nearest rate applicable based on Title - Department above
 
    To be adjusted to CPI every year.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Exhibit D
 
Leased Employees
 
Leased Employee Name
 
Salary Rate
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vimal Mehta
 
90% of aggregate compensation
 
90% of time
Chids Mahadevan (through IPO)
 
90% of aggregate compensation
 
90% of time
Chids Mahadevan (after IPO)
 
50% of aggregate compensation
 
50% of time
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 
Exhibit E
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

