 EX-10 3 exhibit102alkmconvertiblenot.htm EXHIBIT 10.2 - CONVERTIBLE NOTE
  NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
  CERTIFICATE, NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE
  CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
  AMENDED (THE ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES
  MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, OR ASSIGNED (i) IN THE
  ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
  UNDER THE ACT, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE
  SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT
  REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT; OR, (ii) UNLESS SOLD
  PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
  FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
  MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE
  SECURITIES.

Principal Amount: $82,530.04
Issue Date: 12 January 2016

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, ALKAME HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (Borrower
 or Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of ERWIN VAHLSING, or 
his duly designated assignees (Holder) the sum of up Eight Two Thousand 
Five Hundred Thirty Dollars and Four Cents ($82,530.04), together with any 
interest as set forth herein, on or before 12 April 2018 (the Maturity 
Date), and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the 
rate of ten percent (10%) (the Interest Rate) per annum from the 12th 
day of January 2016 (the Issue Date), until the same becomes due and 
payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or 
otherwise.  

This Convertible Promissory Note (the Note) may not be prepaid in whole 
or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of 
principal or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear an 
additional interest at the rate of five percent (5%) per annum from the due 
date thereof until the same is paid (the Default Interest). All interest 
charged hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the 
actual number of days elapsed. All payments due hereunder, to the extent 
not converted into Company common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the 
Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be made in lawful 
money of the United States of America.

All payments shall be made at such address as Holder shall hereafter give 
to Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of 
this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this 
Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead 
be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day and, in the case 
of any interest payment date which is not the date on which this Note is 
paid in full, the extension of the due date thereof shall not be taken into 
account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such 
date. As used in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day 
other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the 
city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive 
order to remain closed. Each capitalized term used herein, and not 
otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain 
Debt Settlement Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this 
Note was originally issued (the Settlement Agreement). This Note is 
subject to all terms and conditions of the Settlement Agreement. This Note 
has been issued in exchange for the Owed Amount, and this Note has been 
paid in full by Holder, as reflected in the Settlement Agreement.
 
This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims, and encumbrances with 
respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights 
or other similar rights of shareholders of Borrower and will not impose 
personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The following additional terms and conditions shall apply to this Note:
  





1
ARTICLE I.  CONVERSION RIGHTS
 
1.1
Conversion Right. Holder shall have the right, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, from time to time, and at any time following 90-days after the 
Issue Date, to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid 
principal amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of 
Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares 
of capital stock or other securities of Borrower into which such Common 
Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the Conversion Price 
(as defined below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion). The 
number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this 
Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined 
below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date 
specified in the Notice of Conversion, in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion), delivered to Borrower by Holder 
in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice of 
Conversion is submitted by Fax or E-Mail (or by other means resulting in, 
or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to Borrower before 11:59 p.m., 
New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date). 
The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this 
Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in 
such conversion, plus (2) at Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, 
if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this 
Note to the Conversion Date, provided however, that Borrower shall have the 
right to pay any or all interest in cash, plus (3) at Holders option, 
Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately 
preceding clauses (1) and/or (2), plus (4) any Additional Principal for 
such Conversions, plus (5) at Holders option, any amounts owed to Holder 
pursuant to any other provision of this Note.
 
1.2
Conversion Price.
 
(a)
Calculation of Conversion Price. Subject to the adjustments described 
herein, the conversion price (the Conversion Price) shall equal the 
lesser of (i) 60% multiplied by the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) 
(representing a discount rate of 40%) during the previous twenty (20) 
Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the 
Conversion Date; or, (ii) $0.0001. Trading Price means, for any security 
as of any date, the lesser of: (i) the lowest trade price on the OTC Pink, 
OTCQB, or applicable trading market (the OTC Market) as reported by a 
reliable reporting service (Reporting Service) designated by Holder or, 
if the OTC Market is not the principal trading market for such security, 
the trading price of such security on the principal securities exchange or 
trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no trading 
price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the 
average of the trading prices of any market makers for such security that 
are listed in the pink sheets by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc.; or, 
(ii) the lowest closing bid price on the OTC Market as reported by a 
Reporting Service designated by Holder or, if the OTC Market is not the 
principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such 
security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such 
security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security 
is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing 
bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the 
pink sheets by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc.  If the Trading Price 
cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided 
above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as determined by 
Borrower in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. 
Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for 
any period on the OTC Market or on the principal securities exchange or 
other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. 
Borrower shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all 
DTC fees associated with any such issuance. In the event of any dispute or 
discrepancy, the records of Holder shall be controlling and determinative 
in the absence of manifest error.

(b)
Adjustment to Conversion Price. At any time after the Issue Date, (i) if in 
the case that Borrowers Common Stock is not deliverable by DWAC (including 
if Borrowers transfer agent has a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery 
of shares of Borrowers Common Stock specified in a Notice of Conversion) 
within 90-days after the Issue Date; (ii) if Borrower ceases to be a 
reporting company pursuant or subject to the Exchange Act; (iii) if 
Borrower loses a market (including the OTCBB, OTCQB or an equivalent 
replacement exchange) for its Common Stock; (iv) if Borrower fails to 
maintain its status as DTC Eligible for any reason within 90-days after 
the Issue Date; (v) if the Note cannot be converted into free trading 
shares on or after two




2
years from the Issue Date; (vi) if at any time Borrower does not maintain 
or replenish the Reserved Amount within three (3) business days of the 
request of Holder; (vii) if Borrower fails to maintain the listing of the 
Common Stock on at least one of the OTC Markets or an equivalent 
replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq Small Cap 
Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE MKT; (viii) if Borrower 
effectuates a reverse split of its Common Stock without ten (10) days prior 
written notice to Holder; (ix) the restatement of any financial statements 
filed by Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from two years prior 
to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer 
outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the 
unrestated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect 
on the rights of Holder with respect to this Note or the Settlement 
Agreement; (x) any cessation of trading of the Common Stock on at least one 
of the OTC Markets or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq 
National Market, the Nasdaq Small Cap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, 
or the NYSE MKT, and such cessation of trading shall continue for a period 
of five consecutive (5) Trading Days; and/or, (xi) Borrower loses the bid
 price for its Common Stock ($0.0001 on the Ask with zero market makers 
on the Bid per Level 2), then Holder shall be entitled to increase, by 
10% for each occurrence, cumulative or otherwise, the discount to the 
Conversion Price for all future conversions under the Note. Holder 
maintains the option and sole discretion to increase by Five Thousand and 
No/100 United States Dollars ($5,000) per each occurrence described above 
(under Holders and Borrowers expectation that any principal amount 
increase will tack back to the Issue Date) the principal amount of the Note 
instead of applying further discounts to the Conversion Price. Under no 
circumstances shall the principal amount exceed an additional Twenty Five 
Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars ($25,000) or the Conversion Price 
be less than 30% multiplied by the Trading Price due to cumulative effect.

(c)  
DTC Chill. If in the case that the Common Stock is chilled for deposit 
into the DTC system and only eligible for clearing deposit, then an 
additional 15% discount to the Conversion Price shall apply for all future 
conversions under all Notes while the chill is in effect. 

(d)
Certain Other Conversions. Each time, while this Note is outstanding, and 
with regard only to any transaction entered into by Borrower after the 
Issue Date, Borrower enters into a Section 3(a)(9) transaction (including 
but not limited to the issuance of new promissory notes or of a replacement 
promissory note), or Section 3(a)(10) transaction, in which any 3rd party 
has the right to convert monies owed to that 3rd party (or receive shares 
pursuant to a settlement or otherwise) at a discount to market greater than 
the Alternate Conversion Price in effect at that time (prior to all other 
applicable adjustments in the Note), then the Alternate Conversion Price 
shall be automatically adjusted to such greater discount percentage (prior 
to all applicable adjustments in this Note) until this Note is no longer 
outstanding. Each time, while this Note is outstanding, Borrower enters 
into a Section 3(a)(9) transaction (including but not limited to the 
issuance of new promissory notes or of a replacement promissory note), or 
Section 3(a)(10) transaction, in which any 3rd party has a look back period 
greater than the look back period in effect under the Note at that time (a 
fifteen (15) Trading Day look back period is contained in Section 1.2(a)), 
then Holders look back period shall automatically be adjusted to such 
greater number of days until this Note is no longer outstanding.  Borrower 
shall give written notice to Holder, with the adjusted Alternate Conversion 
Price and/or adjusted look back period (each adjustment that is applicable 
due to the triggering event), within one (1) business day of an event that 
requires any adjustment described in the two immediately preceding 
sentences.  

(e)
Par Value Adjustments. To the extent the Conversion Price of Borrowers 
Common Stock closes below the par value per share, Borrower will take all 
steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the 
par value to the lowest value possible under law. Borrower agrees to honor 
all conversions submitted pending this adjustment unless Holder, in its 
sole and absolute discretion elects instead to set the Conversion Price to 
par value for such Conversion(s) and the Conversion Amount for such 
Conversion(s) shall be increased to include Additional Principal, where 
Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the 
Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of Conversion 
Shares issuable upon such Conversion(s) to equal the same number of 
Conversion Shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not 
been subject to the minimum price set forth in this Section 1.2(e).  






3
(f)
Conversion Price During Major Announcements. Notwithstanding anything 
contained in the preceding section to the contrary, in the event Borrower 
(i) makes a public announcement that it intends to consolidate or merge 
with any other corporation (other than a merger in which Borrower is the 
surviving or continuing corporation and its capital stock is unchanged) or 
sell or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower or (ii) 
any person, group or entity (including Borrower) publicly announces a 
tender offer to purchase 50% or more of Borrowers Common Stock (or any 
other takeover scheme) (the date of the announcement referred to in clause 
(i) or (ii) is hereinafter referred to as the Announcement Date), then 
the Conversion Price shall, effective upon the Announcement Date and 
continuing through the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date (as 
defined below), be equal to the lower of (x) the Conversion Price which 
would have been applicable for a Conversion occurring on the Announcement 
Date and (y) the Conversion Price that would otherwise be in effect. From 
and after the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date, the Conversion 
Price shall be determined as set forth in this Section. For purposes 
hereof, Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date shall mean, with 
respect to any proposed transaction or tender offer (or takeover scheme) 
for which a public announcement as contemplated by this Section has been 
made, the date upon which Borrower (in the case of clause (i) above) or the 
person, group or entity (in the case of clause (ii) above) consummates or 
publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the proposed 
transaction or tender offer (or takeover scheme) which caused this Section 
1.2(f) to become operative.

(g)
Pro Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event of a dispute as to the number 
of shares of Common Stock issuable to Holder in connection with a 
conversion of this Note, Borrower shall issue to Holder the number of 
shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in 
accordance with Section 4.13.
 
1.3
Authorized Shares. Borrower covenants that during the period the conversion 
right exists, Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common 
Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to 
provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of this 
Note. Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved 
three (3) times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full 
conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Notes in 
effect from time to time) (the Reserved Amount). Borrower represents that 
upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable. In addition, if Borrower shall issue any securities or make 
any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares 
of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then 
current Conversion Price, Borrower shall at the same time make proper 
provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares 
of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for 
conversion of the outstanding Notes.

Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer 
agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion 
of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall 
constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with 
the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary 
certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall 
the Reserved Amount be lower than the initial Reserved Amount, regardless 
of any prior conversions.  

1.4
Method of Conversion.
 
(a)
Mechanics of Conversion. Subject to Section 1.1, this Note may be converted 
by Holder in whole or in part at any time following 90-days after the Issue 
Date, by (A) submitting to Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by Fax, E-Mail, 
or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion 
Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to 
Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of Borrower.
 
(b)
Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms 
hereof, Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to 
Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note is so 
converted. Holder and Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal 
amount so converted and the dates of such




4
conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to 
Holder and Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note 
upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such 
records of Borrower shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in 
the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any 
portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, Holder may not transfer 
this Note unless Holder first physically surrenders this Note to Borrower, 
whereupon Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of 
Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as Holder (upon payment by 
Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the 
aggregate the remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note. Holder and 
any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by 
reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a 
portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this 
Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the 
face hereof.                   

(c)
Payment of Taxes. Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may 
be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of 
shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of 
this Note in a name other than that of Holder (or in street name), and 
Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other 
securities or property unless and until the person or persons (other than 
Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for 
Holders account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to 
Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the 
satisfaction of Borrower that such tax has been paid.
 
(d)
Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by Borrower from 
Holder of a Fax or E-Mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a 
Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in 
this Section 1.4, Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued 
and delivered to or upon the order of Holder certificates for the Common 
Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after 
such receipt (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion of the 
entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in 
accordance with the terms hereof and the Settlement Agreement.

(e)
Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. Upon receipt by Borrower of 
a Notice of Conversion, Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record 
of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding 
principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note 
shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless Borrower defaults 
on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the 
portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except 
the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other 
assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If Holder shall have given 
a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, Borrowers obligation to issue 
and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and 
unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by Holder to 
enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision 
thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to 
enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other 
obligation of Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, 
counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or 
alleged breach by Holder of any obligation to Borrower, and irrespective of 
any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of 
Borrower to Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date 
specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long 
as the Notice of Conversion is received by Borrower before 11:59 p.m., New 
York, New York time, on such date.
 
(f)
Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering 
physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion, provided Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust 
Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) program, upon 
request of Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in 
Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, Borrower shall use its commercially 
reasonable best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically 
transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to Holder by crediting 
the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit 
Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system.
  
(g)
Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to the Deadline. Without in any way 
limiting Holders right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages 
and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if




5
delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is not 
delivered by the Deadline Borrower shall pay to Holder $2,000 per day in 
cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that Borrower fails to deliver such 
Common Stock until Borrower issues and delivers a certificate to Holder or 
credit Holders balance account with OTC for the number of shares of Common 
Stock to which Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion of any 
Conversion Amount (under Holders and Borrowers expectation that any 
damages will tack back to the Issue Date).  Such cash amount shall be paid 
to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has 
accrued or, at the option of Holder (by written notice to Borrower by the 
first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall 
be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest 
shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such 
additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in 
accordance with the terms of this Note. Borrower agrees that the right to 
convert is a valuable right to Holder. The damages resulting from a 
failure, attempt to frustrate, and interference with such conversion right 
are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly the parties 
acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 
1.4(g) are justified. 

(h)
Rescindment of a Notice of Conversion. If (i) Borrower fails to respond to 
Holder within one (1) business day from the Conversion Date confirming the 
details of Notice of Conversion; (ii) Borrower fails to provide any of the 
shares of Borrowers Common Stock requested in the Notice of Conversion 
within three (3) business days from the Conversion Date specified therein; 
(iii) Holder is unable to procure a legal opinion required to have the 
shares of Borrowers Common Stock issued unrestricted and/or deposited to 
sell for any reason related to Borrowers standing; (iv) Holder is unable 
to deposit the shares of Borrowers Common Stock requested in the Notice of 
Conversion for any reason related to Borrowers standing; (v) at any time 
after a missed Deadline, at Holders sole discretion; or, (vi) if, within 
three (3) business days of the transmittal of the Notice of Conversion to 
Borrower, the Common Stock has a closing bid which is 5% or lower than that 
set forth in the Notice of Conversion, then Holder maintains the option and 
sole discretion to rescind the applicable Notice of Conversion (
Rescindment) pursuant to which such Conversion Shares were issuable with a 
Notice of Rescindment. This Note shall remain convertible before and 
after the Maturity Date hereof until this Note is repaid or converted in 
full.

1.5
Concerning the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion 
of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold 
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) 
Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of 
counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for 
opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the 
shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an 
exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or 
transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) (
Rule 144) or (iv) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as 
defined in Rule 144) of Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer 
the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an 
accredited investor, as defined under the Act. Except as otherwise provided 
in the Settlement Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set 
forth below), until such time as the shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Note have been registered under the Act or otherwise may 
be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of 
securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each 
certificate for shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this 
Note that has not been so included in an effective registration statement 
or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement 
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend 
substantially in the following form, as appropriate:
 
      NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
      CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE
      EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
      AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT
      BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE
      OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER
      THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
      (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY
      ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT




6
      REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD
      PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
      FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA
      FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY
      THE SECURITIES.

The legend set forth above shall be removed and Borrower shall issue to 
Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if (i) 
Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, 
in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in 
comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of 
such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which 
opinion shall be reasonably accepted by Borrower so that the sale or 
transfer is effected or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by Holder 
under an effective registration statement filed under the Act or otherwise 
may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number 
of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold. In 
the event that Borrower does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by 
the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an 
exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the 
Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.1 
of the Note.
 
1.6
Effect of Certain Events.
 
(a)
Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of Holder, the sale, 
conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of 
Borrower, the effectuation by Borrower of a transaction or series of 
related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of Borrower 
is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination 
of Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons 
when Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an 
Event of Default (as defined in Article III) pursuant to which Borrower 
shall be required to pay to Holder upon the consummation of and as a 
condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as 
defined in Article III) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) 
hereof. Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability 
company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b)
Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this 
Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all amounts owed 
under the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of 
shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a 
result of which shares of Common Stock of Borrower shall be changed into 
the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of 
stock or securities of Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale 
or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower other 
than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of Borrower, then 
Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon 
conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions 
specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately 
theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets 
which Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had 
this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction 
(without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in 
any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the 
rights and interests of Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions 
hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the 
Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of 
the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable 
in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the 
conversion hereof. Borrower shall not affect any transaction described in 
this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, 
thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen 
(15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting 
of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the 
consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, 
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets 
(during which time Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) 
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not Borrower) assumes by 
written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b). The above 
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, 
sales, transfers, or share exchanges.






7
(c)
Adjustment Due to Distribution. If Borrower shall declare or make any 
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of 
Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital 
or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to Borrowers 
shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital 
stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then Holder 
of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the 
date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, 
to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to 
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such 
conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock 
on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such 
Distribution.

(d)
Adjustment Due to Dilutive Issuance. If, at any time when any Notes are 
issued and outstanding, Borrower issues or sells, or in accordance with 
this Section 1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, except for 
shares of Common Stock issued directly to vendors or suppliers of Borrower 
in satisfaction of amounts owed to such vendors or suppliers (provided, 
however, that such vendors or suppliers shall not have an arrangement to 
transfer, sell or assign such shares of Common Stock prior to the issuance 
of such shares), any shares of Common Stock for no consideration or for a 
consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or 
commissions or underwriting discounts or allowances in connection 
therewith) less than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of such 
issuance (or deemed issuance) of such shares of Common Stock (a Dilutive 
Issuance), then immediately upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion 
Price will be reduced to the amount of the consideration per share received 
by Borrower in such Dilutive Issuance.
 
Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common Stock if 
Borrower in any manner issues or grants any warrants, rights or options 
(not including employee stock option plans), whether or not immediately 
exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase Common Stock or other 
securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock (Convertible 
Securities) (such warrants, rights and options to purchase Common Stock or 
Convertible Securities are hereinafter referred to as Options) and the 
price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of 
such Options is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the 
Conversion Price shall be equal to such price per share. For purposes of 
the preceding sentence, the price per share for which Common Stock is 
issuable upon the exercise of such Options is determined by dividing (i) 
the total amount, if any, received or receivable by Borrower as 
consideration for the issuance or granting of all such Options, plus the 
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to 
Borrower upon the exercise of all such Options, plus, in the case of 
Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options, the 
minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration payable upon the 
conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities 
first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number 
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all such Options 
(assuming full conversion of Convertible Securities, if applicable). No 
further adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the actual 
issuance of such Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or upon the 
conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of 
such Options.
 
Additionally, Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of 
Common Stock if Borrower in any manner issues or sells any Convertible 
Securities, whether or not immediately convertible (other than where the 
same are issuable upon the exercise of Options), and the price per share 
for which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange is less 
than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the Conversion Price shall 
be equal to such price per share. For the purposes of the preceding 
sentence, the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such 
conversion or exchange is determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if 
any, received or receivable by Borrower as consideration for the issuance 
or sale of all such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate 
amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to Borrower upon the 
conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities 
first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number 
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all 
such Convertible Securities. No further adjustment to the Conversion Price 
will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion 
or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

(e)
Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or 
readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in 
this Section 1.6, Borrower, at its expense, shall promptly




8
compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to Holder a 
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in 
detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. 
Borrower shall, upon the written request at any time of Holder, furnish to 
such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment or 
readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the 
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other 
securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion 
of the Note.
 
1.7
Status as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by Holder, 
(i) the shares covered thereby (other than the shares, if any, which cannot 
be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holders allocated 
portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed 
converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) Holders rights as a Holder 
of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting 
only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock and 
to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity 
to such Holder because of a failure by Borrower to comply with the terms of 
this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received 
certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior to the third (3rd) 
business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a 
conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless Holder 
otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so 
notifying Borrower) Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note 
with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and Borrower shall, 
as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to Holder or, if the 
Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such 
portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, Holder shall 
retain all of its rights and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) 
the right to receive Conversion Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to 
the extent required thereby for such Conversion Default and any subsequent 
Conversion Default and (ii) the right to have the Conversion Price with 
respect to subsequent conversions determined in accordance with Section 
1.3) for Borrowers failure to convert this Note.
 
1.8
Repayment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, 
subject to the terms of this Section 1.8, at any time Borrower shall have 
the right, exercisable on not less than five (5) Trading Days prior written 
notice to the Holder of this Note, to repay the outstanding balance on this 
Note (principal, accrued interest, and all other amounts due hereunder), in 
full. Any notice of repayment hereunder (a Repayment Notice) shall be 
delivered to the Holder and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is 
exercising its right to repay the Note; and (2) the date of repayment which 
shall be not more than ten (10) Trading Days from the date of the Repayment 
Notice. On the date fixed for repayment (the Repayment Date), the 
Borrower shall make payment of the Repayment Amount (as defined below) to 
or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to 
the Borrower at least one (1) business day prior to the Repayment Date. If 
the Borrower exercises its right to repay the Note, the Borrower shall make 
payment to the Holder of an amount in cash (the Repayment Amount) equal 
to the Repayment Factor (as defined below), multiplied by the sum of: (i) 
the then outstanding principal amount of this Note; (ii) accrued and unpaid 
interest on the unpaid principal amount  of this  Note to  the  Repayment 
Date; (iii) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses 
(i) and (ii); and, (iv) all other amounts owed to Holder under this Note. 
For purposes hereof, the Repayment Factor shall equal the percentage set 
forth below with respect to each Repayment Date beside such Repayment 
Factor:


The Repayment Factor is:
If the Optional Repayment Date occurs:
100%
1-24 months after the Issue Date
110%
25-27 months after the Issue Date
115%
27 months and beyond after the Issue Date







9
ARTICLE II.  CERTAIN COVENANTS
 
2.1
Preservation of Existence, etc. Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and 
cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, 
rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its 
Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum 
assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each 
jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it 
or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification 
necessary.
 
2.2
Non-circumvention. Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that Borrower will 
not, by amendment of its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, or through 
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of 
arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other 
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of 
any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry 
out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required 
to protect the rights of Holder.

2.3
Charter. So long as Borrower shall have any obligations under this Note, 
Borrower shall not amend its charter documents, including without 
limitation its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that 
materially and adversely affects any rights of Holder hereunder.

ARTICLE III.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
3.1
Event of Default. Any of the following events shall constitute an event of 
default hereunder (each, an Event of Default):

(a)
Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. Borrower fails to pay the principal 
hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon 
acceleration or otherwise. Any amount of principal on this Note which is 
not paid when due shall bear additional interest at the Default Interest 
rate.
 
(b)
Conversion and the Shares. Borrower fails to reserve the Reserved Amount 
required for Holder at all times, issue shares of Common Stock to Holder 
(or announces or threatens in writing that it will not honor its obligation 
to do so) upon exercise by Holder of the conversion rights of Holder in 
accordance with the terms of this Note, fails to transfer or cause its 
transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) 
any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to Holder upon conversion 
of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, 
Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, 
and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) 
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of 
Common Stock to be issued to Holder upon conversion of or otherwise 
pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove 
(or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or 
hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to 
withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any 
certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to Holder upon conversion 
of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or 
makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend 
to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure 
shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat 
not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three 
(3) business days after Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion. 
It is an obligation of Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its 
transfer agent. It shall be an event of default of this Note, if a 
conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered, or frustrated due to a 
balance owed by Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of Holder, 
Holder advances any funds to Borrowers transfer agent in order to process 
a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by Borrower to Holder 
within forty eight (48) hours of a demand from Holder.  

(c)
Breach of Covenants. Borrower breaches any material covenant or other 
material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral 
documents including but not limited to the Settlement Agreement.
 





10
(d)
Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of 
Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in 
writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without 
limitation, the Settlement Agreement), shall be false or misleading in any 
material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage 
of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of Holder with 
respect to this Note or the Settlement Agreement.

(e)
Receiver or Trustee. Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower shall make an 
assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its 
dissolution, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or 
trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or 
such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed for Borrower or for 
a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and 
shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment. 

(f)
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or liquidation 
proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief 
under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be 
instituted by or against Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower, or 
Borrower admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they 
mature, or have filed against it an involuntary petition for bankruptcy 
relief, all under federal or state laws as applicable or Borrower admits in 
writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature, or have 
filed against it an involuntary petition for bankruptcy relief, all under 
international, federal or state laws as applicable.

(g)
Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any 
substantial portion of its business.

(h)
Maintenance of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material 
intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets which 
are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future).

(i)
Cross-Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by 
Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the 
Other Agreements (as defined herein), after the passage of all applicable 
notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of Holder, be 
considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which 
event Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all 
rights and remedies of Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other 
Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. 
Other Agreements means, collectively, all agreements and instruments 
between, among or by: (i) Borrower, and (ii) Holder or any other third 
party, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, 
the term Other Agreements shall not include this Note. Each of the loan 
transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and 
with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to Holder.

(j)
Judgments. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or 
filed against Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower or any of its property 
or other assets for more than $100,000.00, and shall remain unvacated, 
unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless otherwise 
consented to by Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

(k)
Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that Borrower proposes to 
replace its transfer agent and Borrower fails to provide, prior to the 
effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer 
Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the 
Settlement Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to 
irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed 
by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and Borrower.

(l)
Bid Price. If Borrower loses the bid price for its Common Stock ($0.0001 
on the Ask with zero market makers on the Bid per Level 2) and/or a 
market (including the OTCBB, OTCQB or an equivalent replacement exchange) 
for its Common Stock.






11
3.2
Result of Event of Default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation 
of any Event of Default specified in Section 3.1, above:

(a)
Amount Due. The Note shall become immediately due and payable, and Borrower 
shall pay to Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an 
amount equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) times the sum of (i) the 
then outstanding principal amount of this Note; (ii) accrued and unpaid 
interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment 
(the Mandatory Prepayment Date); (iii) Default Interest, if any, on the 
amounts referred to in clauses (i) and/or (ii); (iv) and, all costs, 
including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection; and, 
(v) any and all other amounts owed to Holder hereunder, collectively 
referred to herein as Default Amount. All amounts shall be due without 
demand, presentment, or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived.

(b)
Conversion Price. If Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within two 
(2) business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, 
then Holder shall have the right at any time, so long as Borrower remains 
in default to require Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately issue, 
in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common Stock of 
Borrower equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price.

(c)
Other Remedies. Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and 
remedies available at law or in equity.

ARTICLE IV.  MISCELLANEOUS
 
4.1
Failure or Indulgence Not a Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of 
Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise 
thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies 
existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or 
remedies otherwise available.
 
4.2
Notices.

(a)
Method and Delivery. All notices, requests and demands hereunder shall be 
in writing and delivered by hand, by Electronic Transmission, by mail, or 
by recognized commercial over-night delivery service (such as Federal 
Express or UPS), and shall be deemed given (a) if by hand delivery, upon 
such delivery; (b) if by Electronic Transmission, twenty-four (24) hours 
after transmission; (c) if by mail, fortyeight (48) hours after deposit in 
the United States mail, first class, registered or certified mail, postage 
prepaid; or, (d) if by recognized commercial over-night delivery service, 
upon such delivery.

(b)
Consent to Electronic Transmission. Each party hereby expressly consents to 
the use of Electronic Transmission for communications and notices under 
this Note. For purposes of this Note, Electronic Transmission means a 
communication (i) delivered by Fax or E-Mail when directed to the Fax 
number or E-Mail address, respectively, for that recipient on record with 
the sending party; and, (ii) that creates a record that is capable of 
retention, retrieval, and review, and that may thereafter be rendered into 
clearly legible tangible form.

(c)
Address Changes. Any Party may alter the Fax number, E-Mail address, 
physical address, or postage address to which communications or copies are 
to be sent by giving notice of such change of address to the other party in 
accordance with the provisions of this Section 4.2.

4.3
Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an 
instrument in writing signed by Borrower and Holder.
 
4.4
Assignability. Holder may assign or transfer all or any portion of this 
Note to any transferee at its sole discretion. This Note shall be binding 
upon Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be




12
the benefit of Holder and its successors and assigns. Each transferee of 
this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of 
the Act). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note 
may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account 
or other lending arrangement. Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of 
this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of 
this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note 
represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face 
hereof.  
 
4.5
Cost of Collection. Upon an Event of Default, Borrower shall pay Holder 
hereof reasonable costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys 
fees. 

4.6
Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of 
conflicts of laws. The parties hereby warrant and represent that the 
selection of New York law as governing under this Note (i) has a reasonable 
nexus to each of the parties and to the transactions contemplated by the 
Note; and (ii) does not offend any public policy of New York, Virginia, or 
of any other state, federal, or other jurisdiction.  Any action brought by 
either party against the other arising out of or related to this Note, or 
any other agreements between the parties, shall be commenced only in the 
state or federal courts of general jurisdiction located in the City of New 
York, State of New York. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive 
any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder 
and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or 
based upon forum non conveniens.

BORROWER AND HOLDER EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE 
TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY 
DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY 
TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its 
reasonable attorneys fees and costs. In the event that any provision of 
this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is 
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then 
such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may 
conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such 
statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or 
unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability 
of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably 
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in 
any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other 
related transaction document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or 
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such 
party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees 
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process 
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in 
any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.​ 

4.7
Certain Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note Borrower is required to pay 
an amount in excess of the outstanding principal amount (or the portion 
thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest 
plus Default Interest on such interest, Borrower and Holder agree that the 
actual damages to Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may 
be difficult to determine and the amount to be so paid by Borrower 
represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to 
compensate Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note 
and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon 
conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such 
shares pursuant to this Note. Borrower and Holder hereby agree that such 
amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the 
possible loss to Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the 
opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock.
 
4.8
Settlement Agreement. By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to 
be bound by all terms and conditions of the Settlement Agreement.
 
4.9
Notice of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, Holder 
shall have no rights as a shareholder of Borrower unless and only to the 
extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. Borrower




13
shall provide Holder with prior notification of any meeting of Borrowers 
shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to 
shareholders). In the event of any taking by Borrower of a record of its 
shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled 
to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to 
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger, 
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class 
or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for 
the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in 
connection with any proposed sale, lease or conveyance of all or 
substantially all of the assets of Borrower or any proposed liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up of Borrower, Borrower shall mail a notice to 
Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified 
therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction 
or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to 
be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other 
event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such 
dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such 
time. Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring 
notification to Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the 
notification to Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9 
including, but not limited to, name changes, recapitalizations, etc. as 
soon as possible under law.
 
4.10
Usury. Notwithstanding any provision in this Note or the related 
transaction documents to the contrary, the total liability for payments of 
interest and payments in the nature of interest, including, without 
limitation, all charges, fees, exactions, or other sums which may at any 
time be deemed to be interest, shall not exceed the limit imposed by the 
usury laws of the jurisdiction governing this Note or any other applicable 
law. In the event the total liability of payments of interest and payments 
in the nature of interest, including, without limitation, all charges, 
fees, exactions or other sums which may at any time be deemed to be 
interest, shall, for any reason whatsoever, result in an effective rate of 
interest, which for any month or other interest payment period exceeds the 
limit imposed by the usury laws of the jurisdiction governing this Note, 
all sums in excess of those lawfully collectible as interest for the period 
in question shall, without further agreement or notice by, between, or to 
any party hereto, be applied to the reduction of the outstanding principal 
balance due hereunder immediately upon receipt of such sums by Holder 
hereof, with the same force and effect as though the Company had 
specifically designated such excess sums to be so applied to the reduction 
of the principal balance then outstanding, and Holder hereof had agreed to 
accept such sums as a penalty-free payment of principal; provided, however, 
that Holder may, at any time and from time to time, elect, by notice in 
writing to the Company, to waive, reduce, or limit the collection of any 
sums in excess of those lawfully collectible as interest, rather than 
accept such sums as a prepayment of the principal balance then outstanding. 
It is the intention of the parties that the Company does not intend or 
expect to pay, nor does Holder intend or expect to charge or collect any 
interest under this Note greater than the highest non-usurious rate of 
interest which may be charged under applicable law.
             
4.11
Remedies. Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations 
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to Holder, by vitiating the intent 
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, Borrower 
acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under 
this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or 
threatened breach by Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that Holder 
shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in 
equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an 
injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of 
this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, 
without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or 
other security being required. No provision of this Note shall alter or 
impair the obligation of Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to 
pay the principal of, and interest on, this Note at the time, place, and 
rate, and in the form, herein prescribed.
 
4.12
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or 
unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such 
provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict 
therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform to such statute or rule 
of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under 
any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other 
provision hereof.
 





14
4.13
Specific Dispute Resolution. In the case of a dispute as to the 
determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment 
amount or Default Amount, Default Sum, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the 
closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the 
arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment 
amount(s) (as the case may be), Borrower or Holder shall submit the 
disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via Fax or E-Mail (i) 
within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving 
rise to such dispute to Borrower or Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise 
to such dispute, at any time after Holder learned of the circumstances 
giving rise to such dispute. If Holder and Borrower are unable to agree 
upon such determination or calculation within two (2) Business Days of such 
disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being 
submitted to Borrower or Holder, then Borrower shall, within two (2) 
Business Days, submit via Fax or E-Mail (a) the disputed determination of 
the Conversion Price, the closing bid price, the or fair market value (as 
the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by 
Borrower and approved by Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation 
of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or 
Default Amount, Default Sum to an independent, outside accountant selected 
by Holder that is reasonably acceptable to Borrower. Borrower shall cause 
at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the 
determinations or calculations and notify Borrower and Holder of the 
results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives such 
disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment banks or 
accountants determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties 
absent demonstrable error.

4.14
Terms of Future Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any 
issuance by Borrower or any of its subsidiaries of any security with any 
term more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor 
of the holder of such security that was not similarly provided to Holder in 
this Note, then Borrower shall notify Holder of such additional or more 
favorable term and such term, at Holders option, shall become a part of 
the transaction documents with Holder. The types of terms contained in 
another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security 
include, but are not limited to, terms addressing conversion discounts, 
prepayment rate, conversion lookback periods, interest rates, original 
issue discounts, stock sale price, private placement price per share, and 
warrant coverage.

4.15
Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in 
accordance with the terms of this Note, unless the Company has in good 
faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute 
material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day after any such 
receipt or delivery, publicly disclose such material, non-public 
information on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that 
the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public 
information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company 
so shall indicate to such Holder contemporaneously with delivery of such 
notice, and in the absence of any such indication, Holder shall be allowed 
to presume that all matters relating to such notice do not constitute 
material, non-public information relating to the Company or its 
Subsidiaries.


 
[EXECUTION APPEARS ON NEXT PAGE]







15
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name 
by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written.
 

                                          ALKAME HOLDINGS, INC.

                                           
                                           
                                          By:
                                          _______________________________

Name: ______________________________

Title: _______________________________
 











16
EXHIBIT A
NOTICE OF CONVERSION
 
The undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________principal amount 
of the Note (defined below) together with $________________ of accrued and 
unpaid interest thereto, totaling $_____________ into that number of shares 
of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (
Common Stock) as set forth below, of Alkame Holdings, Inc., a Nevada 
corporation (the Borrower), according to the conditions of the 
convertible note of Borrower dated as of 12 January 2016 (the Note), as 
of the date written below. No fee will be charged to Holder for any 
conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.
 
Box Checked as to applicable instructions:
 
[ ]
            Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock
            issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account
            of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit
            Withdrawal At Custodian system (DWAC Transfer).
             
            Name of DTC Prime Broker:
            Account Number:
             
[ ]
            The undersigned hereby requests that Borrower issue a
            certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common
            Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on Holders
            calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified
            immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an
            attachment hereto:
 
Name:
___________________________________
Address:
___________________________________
___________________________________

Date of Conversion:
            _____________

Applicable Conversion Price:
            $____________

            Shares of Common Stock
to be Issued:
            ______________

            Amount of Principal Balance
Remaining after conversion:
            ______________

            Accrued and unpaid
interest remaining:
            ______________

            Default Amounts &
Penalties remaining:
            ______________

             
            ______________________________________
             

            By: _____________________________
            Name: ___________________________
            Title: ____________________________
      Date: ____________________________





17