 EX-10.1 10 a2234511zex-10_1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
[·], 2018
 
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
780 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017
 
Re:  Initial Public Offering
 
Gentlemen:
 
This letter (this Letter Agreement) is being delivered to you in 
accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) 
to be entered into by and among DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp., a 
Delaware corporation (the Company), Goldman Sachs & Co. and Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc., as representatives (the Representatives) of the several 
underwriters (each, an Underwriter and collectively, the Underwriters
), relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public 
Offering), of 28,750,000 of the Companys units (including up to 3,750,000 
units that may be purchased to cover over-allotments, if any) (the Units
), each comprised of one share of the Companys common stock, par value 
$0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and one-third of one warrant.  Each 
whole Warrant (each, a Warrant) entitles the holder thereof to purchase 
one share of Common Stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to 
adjustment.  The Units shall be sold in the Public Offering pursuant to a 
registration statement on Form S-1 and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed 
by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
Commission) and the Company shall apply to have the Units listed on the 
Nasdaq Capital Market.  Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined 
in paragraph 11 hereof.
 
In order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into the 
Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, Deerfield/RAB Ventures LLC (the Sponsor) and 
each of the undersigned individuals, each of whom is a member of the 
Companys board of directors and/or management team (each, an Insider and 
collectively, the Insiders), hereby agrees with the Company as follows:
 
1.                                      The Sponsor and each Insider agrees 
that if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a proposed Business 
Combination for which Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P. has granted 
consent, then in connection with such proposed Business Combination, it, he 
or she shall (i) vote any shares of Common Stock owned by it, him or her in 
favor of any proposed Business Combination and (ii) not redeem any shares 
of Common Stock owned by it, him or her in connection with such stockholder 
approval.
 
2.                                      The Sponsor and each Insider hereby 
agrees that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business 
Combination within 24 months from the date of the closing of the Public 
Offering, or such longer period approved by the Companys stockholders in 
accordance with the Companys amended and restated certificate of 
incorporation, the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps 
to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of 
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 
business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, 
redeem 100% of the Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the Public 
Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per-share price, payable in cash, 
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, 
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not 
previously released to the Company to pay its taxes and interest released 
to the Company to fund its working capital requirements, which is subject 
to an annual limit of $250,000 (less up to $50,000 of interest to pay 
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering 
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish all Public 
Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive 
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and 
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject 
to the approval of the Companys remaining stockholders and the Companys 
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the 
Companys obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors 
and other requirements of applicable law.  The Sponsor and each Insider 
agree not to propose any amendment to the Companys amended and restated 
certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of 
the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the 
Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the 
closing of the Public Offering, unless the Company
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
provides its Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their 
Offering Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, 
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust 
Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of amounts 
released for payment of taxes and to fund the Companys working capital 
requirements, subject to an annual limit of $250,000) divided by the number 
of then outstanding Offering Shares.
 
The Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she has no right, 
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust 
Account or any other asset of the Company as a result of any liquidation of 
the Company with respect to the Founder Shares held by it, him or her.  The 
Sponsor and each Insider hereby further waives, with respect to any shares 
of Common Stock held by it, him or her, if any, any redemption rights it, 
he or she may have in connection with the consummation of a Business 
Combination, including, without limitation, any such rights available in 
the context of a stockholder vote to approve such Business Combination or 
in the context of a tender offer made by the Company to purchase shares of 
Common Stock (although the Sponsor, the Insiders and their respective 
affiliates shall be entitled to redemption and liquidation rights with 
respect to any Offering Shares it or they hold if the Company fails to 
consummate a Business Combination within 24 months from the date of the 
closing of the Public Offering).
 
3.                                      During the period commencing on the 
effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such 
date, the Sponsor and each Insider shall not, without the prior written 
consent of the Representatives, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree 
to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise 
dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or 
increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call 
equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the 
Commission promulgated thereunder, with respect to any Units, shares of 
Common Stock, Warrants or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, 
or exchangeable for, shares of Common Stock owned by it, him or her, (ii) 
enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in 
whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any 
Units, shares of Common Stock, Warrants or any securities convertible into, 
or exercisable, or exchangeable for, shares of Common Stock owned by it, 
him or her, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of 
such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce any 
intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii).  Each 
of the Insiders and the Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that, prior to the 
effective date of any release or waiver of the restrictions set forth in 
this paragraph 3 or paragraph 7 below, the Company shall announce the 
impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service 
at least two business days before the effective date of the release or 
waiver.  Any release or waiver granted shall only be effective two business 
days after the publication date of such press release.  The provisions of 
this paragraph will not apply if (i) the release or waiver is effected 
solely to permit a transfer of securities that is not for consideration and 
(ii) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms 
described in this Letter Agreement to the extent and for the duration that 
such terms remain in effect at the time of the transfer. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this paragraph 3 shall not apply to any Units, shares of Common 
Stock, Warrants or any securities convertible into, or exercisable for, 
shares of Common Stock owned by Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P. or 
any funds managed by Deerfield Management Company, L.P., in each case, 
other than Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants.
 
4.                                      In the event of the liquidation of 
the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall 
not extend to any other shareholders, members or managers of the Sponsor) 
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, 
liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited 
to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in 
investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether 
pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may 
become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party (other than 
the Companys independent accountants) for services rendered or products 
sold to the Company or (ii) a prospective target business with which the 
Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other 
similar agreement for a Business Combination agreement (a Target); 
provided, however, that such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor 
shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a 
third party for services rendered (other than the Companys independent 
public accountants) or products sold to the Company or a Target do not 
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.00 per 
share of the Offering Shares or (ii) such lesser amount per share of the 
Offering Shares held in the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of 
the trust assets as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, in 
each case, net of the amount of interest earned on the property in the 
Trust Account which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and interest released to 
the Company to fund its working capital requirements, subject to an annual 
limit of $250,000, except as to any claims by a third party (including a 
Target) who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the 
Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Companys indemnity of 
the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under 
the
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  In the event that any such executed 
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, the Sponsor 
shall not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third 
party claims.  The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such 
claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, 
within 15 days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the 
Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the Company in writing that it shall 
undertake such defense.
 
5.                                      To the extent that the Underwriters 
do not exercise their option to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 
Units to cover over-allotments within 45 days from the date of the 
Prospectus (and as further described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees 
to forfeit, at no cost, a number of Founder Shares in the aggregate equal 
to the product of 921,848 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of 
which is 3,750,000 minus the number of Units purchased by the Underwriters 
upon the exercise of their option to purchase additional Units, and (ii) 
the denominator of which is 3,750,000.  The forfeiture will be adjusted to 
the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the 
Underwriters so that the Initial Stockholders will own an aggregate of 
20.0% of the Companys issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock after 
the Public Offering.
 
6.                                      (a)  The Sponsor and each Insider 
who is an officer of the Company hereby agrees not to participate in the 
formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check 
company unless the Company has failed to complete a Business Combination 
within 24 months after the closing of the Public Offering.  Such 
restriction does not preclude any position as an officer or director of 
another blank check company held on the date hereof.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Sponsor and each Insider who is an officer of the Company are 
allowed to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or 
director of, another blank check company upon the Company entering into a 
definitive agreement with respect to a Business Combination.
 
(b)                                 The Sponsor and each Insider hereby 
agrees and acknowledges that:  (i) the Underwriters and the Company would 
be irreparably injured in the event of a breach by such Sponsor or an 
Insider of its, his or her obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 
6(a), 7(a), 7(b), and 9 of this Letter Agreement (ii) monetary damages may 
not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii) the non-breaching party 
shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy 
that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event of such breach.
 
7.                                      (a)  The Sponsor and each Insider 
agrees that it or he shall not Transfer any Founder Shares (or shares of 
Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof) until the earlier of (A) one 
year after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or 
(B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of 
the Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock 
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) 
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at 
least 150 days after the Companys initial Business Combination or (y) the 
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock 
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all 
of the Companys stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of 
Common Stock for cash, securities or other property (the Founder Shares 
Lock-up Period).
 
(b)                                 The Sponsor and each Insider agrees 
that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Private Placement Warrants (or 
shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of the Private 
Placement Warrants) until 30 days after the completion of a Business 
Combination (the Private Placement Warrants Lock-up Period, together with 
the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, the Lock-up Periods).
 
(c)                                  Notwithstanding the provisions set 
forth in paragraphs 7(a) and (b), Transfers of the Founder Shares, Private 
Placement Warrants and shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the 
exercise or conversion of the Private Placement Warrants or the Founder 
Shares and that are held by the Sponsor, any Insider or any of their 
permitted transferees (that have complied with this paragraph 7(c)), are 
permitted (a) to the Companys officers or directors, any affiliates or 
family members of any of the Companys officers or directors, any members 
of the Sponsor, or any affiliates of the Sponsor; (b) in the case of an 
individual, by gift to a member of the individuals immediate family, to a 
trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate 
family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization; (c) 
in the case of an individual, transfers by virtue of laws of descent and 
distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an 
individual, transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) 
transfers by private sales or transfers made in connection with the 
consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price 
at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) transfers in the 
event of the Companys liquidation prior to the completion of an initial 
Business
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Combination; (g) transfers by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware 
or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of 
the Sponsor; (h) in the event of the Companys liquidation, merger, capital 
stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results 
in all of the Companys stockholders having the right to exchange their 
shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property subsequent to 
the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination; and (i) with 
respect to Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P., its other equityholders, 
partners (including partners and affiliated partnerships managed by the 
same management company or managing (general) partner or by any person that 
is an affiliate of such management company or managing (general) partner), 
members and a trust for the benefit of such other equityholders; provided, 
however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (i), these permitted 
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by the 
restrictions herein.
 
8.                                      The Sponsor and each Insider 
represents and warrants that it, he or she has never been suspended or 
expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or 
association or had a securities or commodities license or registration 
denied, suspended or revoked.  Each Insiders biographical information 
furnished to the Company (including any such information included in the 
Prospectus) is true and accurate in all respects and does not omit any 
material information with respect to the Insiders background.  The Sponsor 
and each Insiders questionnaire furnished to the Company is true and 
accurate in all respects.  The Sponsor and each Insider represents and 
warrants that:  it, he or she is not subject to or a respondent in any 
legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or 
stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the 
offering of securities in any jurisdiction; it, he or she has never been 
convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (i) involving fraud, (ii) 
relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another 
person, or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and it, he or 
she is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding.
 
9.                                      Except as disclosed in the 
Prospectus, neither the Sponsor nor any Insider nor any affiliate of the 
Sponsor or any Insider, nor any director or officer of the Company, shall 
receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, 
monies in respect of any repayment of a loan or other compensation prior 
to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate the 
consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of 
the type of transaction that it is), other than the following, none of 
which will be made from the proceeds held in the Trust Account prior to the 
completion of the initial Business Combination:  repayment of $169,420 in 
loans, and any additional advances, made to the Company by the Sponsor to 
cover organizational expenses and other expenses related to the Public 
Offering; payment of $10,000 per month to an affiliate of the Sponsor for 
office space, utilities and secretarial support; payment of $7,500 to 
Christopher Wolfe, the Companys Chief Financial Officer, for Mr. Wolfes 
services prior to the consummation of the Public Offering, subject to the 
terms of that certain strategic services agreement entered into by and 
between the Company and Mr. Wolfe on [], 2018; reimbursement for any 
out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and 
consummating an initial Business Combination; and repayment of loans, if 
any, and on such terms as to be determined by the Company from time to 
time, made by the Sponsor or any of the Companys officers or directors to 
finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business 
Combination, provided, that, if the Company does not consummate an initial 
Business Combination, a portion of the working capital held outside the 
Trust Account may be used by the Company to repay such loaned amounts so 
long as no proceeds from the Trust Account are used for such repayment.  Up 
to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 
$1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender.  Such warrants would be 
identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise 
price, exercisability and exercise period.
 
10.                               The Sponsor and each Insider has full 
right and power, without violating any agreement to which it is bound 
(including, without limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation 
agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter 
Agreement and, as applicable, to serve as an officer and/or a director on 
the board of directors of the Company and hereby consents to being named in 
the Prospectus as an officer and/or a director of the Company.
 
11.                               As used herein, (i) Business Combination
 shall mean a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock 
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the 
Company and one or more businesses; (ii) Founder Shares shall mean the 
7,187,500 shares of the Common Stock, (or 6,250,000 shares if the 
Underwriters option to purchase additional units is not exercised) 
initially held by the Sponsor; (iii) Initial Stockholders shall mean the 
Sponsor and any other holder of Founder Shares immediately prior to the 
Public Offering; (iv) Private Placement Warrants shall mean the warrants 
to purchase up to 4,333,333 shares of Common Stock of the Company (or 
4,833,333 shares of Common Stock if the underwriters option to purchase 
additional units is exercised in full) that the Sponsor has agreed to 
purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $6,500,000 in the aggregate (or 
$7,250,000 if the underwriters option to purchase additional units is 
exercised in full), or $1.50 per warrant, in a private placement that shall 
occur simultaneously with the consummation of the
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Public Offering; (v) Public Stockholders shall mean the holders of 
securities issued in the Public Offering; (vi) Trust Account shall mean 
the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public 
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants shall be deposited; 
(vii) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, 
contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to 
purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or 
indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or 
liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position 
within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated 
thereunder with respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other 
arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the 
economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such 
transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or 
otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any 
transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).
 
12.                               This Letter Agreement constitutes the 
entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, 
or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the 
extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the 
transactions contemplated hereby.  This Letter Agreement may not be 
changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical 
error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument 
executed by all parties hereto.
 
13.                               No party hereto may assign either this 
Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder 
without the prior written consent of the other parties.  Any purported 
assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and 
shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the 
purported assignee.  This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor 
and each Insider and their respective successors, heirs and assigns and 
permitted transferees.
 
14.                               Nothing in this Letter Agreement shall be 
construed to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than 
the parties hereto any right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this 
Letter Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise or 
agreement hereof.  All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises and 
agreements contained in this Letter Agreement shall be for the sole and 
exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors, heirs, 
personal representatives and assigns and permitted transferees; provided, 
however, that Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
shall benefit from the provisions set forth in paragraph 7, which such 
paragraph shall not be amended or modified without the written consent of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
 
15.                               This Letter Agreement may be executed in 
any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such 
counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all 
such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same 
instrument.
 
16.                               This Letter Agreement shall be deemed 
severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision 
hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Letter 
Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof.  Furthermore, in lieu 
of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto 
intend that there shall be added as a part of this Letter Agreement a 
provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as 
may be possible and be valid and enforceable.
 
17.                               This Letter Agreement shall be governed 
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of 
New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would 
result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.  
The parties hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or 
dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement 
shall be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State 
of New York, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which 
jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to 
such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an 
inconvenient forum.
 
18.                               Any notice, consent or request to be 
given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar 
private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by 
hand delivery or facsimile transmission.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
19.                               This Letter Agreement shall terminate on 
the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up Periods or (ii) the 
liquidation of the Company; provided, however, that this Letter Agreement 
shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not 
consummated and closed by June 30, 2018; provided further that paragraph 4 
of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
Sincerely,
 
 
 
DEERFIELD/RAB VENTURES LLC
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name: Richard Barasch
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name: Christopher Wolfe
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name: Steven Hochberg
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name: Dr. Mohit Kaushal
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name: Dr. Gregory Sorensen
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name: Dr. Susan Weaver
 
[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

