 EX-10.5 11 a17-7305_14ex10d5.htm EX-10.5
Exhibit 10.5
 
NON-COMPETITION
CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-SOLICITATION,
NON-COMPETITION, AND NON-RECRUITMENT
 
This AMENDED AND RESTATED NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), 
dated as of February 12, 2018, is made by and between Cactus Wellhead, LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and Scott Bender 
(Employee).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in the business of providing API 6A 
well-head equipment, gate valves and associated services to the oilfield 
service industry (the Business);
 
WHEREAS, the Company and Employee entered into that certain Noncompetition 
Agreement dated August 31, 2011 (the Original Noncompetition Agreement);
 
WHEREAS, in connection with the initial public offering of Cactus, Inc., 
the Employee will be receiving equity awards in consideration for his 
services to Cactus, Inc. and the Company (the Equity Awards);
 
WHEREAS, in consideration of the Equity Awards, the Company and Employee 
desire to amend and restate the Original Noncompetition Agreement, which 
shall be terminated and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement as of 
the Effective Date (as defined below); and
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee are parties to an Amended and 
Restated Employment Agreement of even date herewith (the Employment 
Agreement).
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to 
this Agreement agree as follows:
 
Section 1.                                          Term. The term of this 
Agreement shall commence as of the date first set forth above (the 
Effective Date) and, except as set forth herein, shall remain in full 
force and effect until twelve (12) months after the date that Employee 
ceases to be an employee of the Company (the Term). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Term of this Agreement shall terminate and this Agreement 
shall be of no further force and effect if Employee is entitled to 
severance or other payments under the Employment Agreement at or after the 
Termination Date (as defined below) and such payments are not made by the 
Company in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement.
 
Section 2.                                          Consideration.
 
(a)                                 The Company has provided and shall 
provide Employee access to Confidential Information (as defined below) and 
Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Company has entrusted and will be 
entrusting Employee, in Employees unique and special capacity, with 
developing the goodwill of the Company.  In consideration thereof and in
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
consideration of the Equity Awards and as a condition to the Companys 
employment of Employee pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement, 
Employee voluntarily agrees to the covenants set forth in this Agreement.
 
(b)                                 In exchange for Employees promise not 
to disclose Confidential Information of the Company, the Company has 
provided and will provide Employee access to Confidential Information that 
is unknown to Employee. Employee and the Company agree that the 
consideration provided in this otherwise enforceable agreement gives rise 
to Companys interest in restraining employee from competing.
 
Section 3.                                          Noncompetition and 
Nonsolicitation.
 
(a)                                 Acknowledgement. Employee recognizes 
and acknowledges that it is essential for the proper protection of the 
business and goodwill of the Company and for the proper protection of the 
Confidential Information that Employee be restrained: (i) from soliciting 
or inducing any employee of the Company to leave the employ of the Company; 
(ii) from soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers and of the 
Company for any business purpose competitive with the Companys business; 
and (iii) from competing against the Company in connection with the 
Companys business.
 
(b)                                 Noncompetition. During the Term, 
Employee will not, directly or indirectly, become or be interested in, 
employed by, or associated with in any capacity, any other person, 
corporation, partnership or other entity whatsoever (a Person) engaged in 
the Business or in any other businesses (the New Businesses) in which the 
Company was actively engaged as of the date Employee ceases to be an 
employee of the Company (the Termination Date) in the Applicable Areas 
(defined below), or in any geographic or market area in which the Company 
is conducting the Business or the New Businesses as of the Termination 
Date. Notwithstanding the above, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent 
Employee from owning, as an inactive investor, up to five percent (5%) of 
the securities of any competitor of the Company, which securities are 
listed on a national securities exchange. Furthermore, after the 
Termination Date, Employee may become employed in a separate, autonomous 
division of a Person (regardless of whether such Person is engaged in the 
Business or in one or more of the New Businesses) provided: (i) such 
division is not in competition with the Business or with one of the New 
Businesses, and (ii) Employee is not materially engaged in any other 
division or part of such Person.  The Applicable Areas shall be defined 
as (x) the following states: Alaska,  Colorado, Oklahoma, Louisiana, 
Mississippi, Montana, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, 
Pennsylvania, Texas, West Virginia, Wyoming; and (y) the following 
countries: Australia, China and Israel.
 
(c)                                  Non-Solicitation of Customers. During 
the Term, Employee shall not, on Employees behalf or on behalf of any 
other Person other than the Company, directly or indirectly, solicit, 
contact, call upon, communicate with or attempt to communicate with any 
Person which was a customer of the Company within twelve (12) months before 
the Termination Date for the purpose of soliciting or enticing any such 
Person to cease doing business with the Company or to begin doing business 
with any Person providing competing goods or services as the Company; 
provided, that the restrictions set forth in this Section 3(c) shall only 
apply to customers of businesses of the Company with which Employee was 
materially involved while an employee of the Company. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Company acknowledges the Employees ownership
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and participation in Cactus Pipe & Supply, LLC and agrees that such 
ownership and participation does not, as of the date hereof, violate the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
(d)                                 Non-Solicitation of Employees. During 
the Term, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, hire, contract with, 
solicit, or encourage to leave the Companys employ any of the Companys 
employees.
 
(e)                                  Enforceability. The parties 
acknowledge and agree that the restrictions set forth in this Section 3 
are narrowly tailored to protect the legitimate interests of the parties 
and are reasonable. If, however, at the time of enforcement of any of the 
provisions of this Section 3 a court holds that the restrictions stated 
herein are unreasonable under the circumstances then existing or are 
otherwise illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect by reason of its 
duration, definition of geographic area or scope of activity, or any other 
reason, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or 
geographical area reasonable or otherwise enforceable under such 
circumstances shall be deemed automatically substituted for the stated 
period, scope or area, but the validity, legality and enforceability of 
such provision shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby in any 
other jurisdiction and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full 
force and effect. The parties also acknowledge and agree that in the event 
any provision of this Section 3 is declared void or unenforceable by any 
court in any state, such determination shall not affect any other provision 
of this Section 3.
 
Section 4.                                          Confidentiality.
 
(a)                                 Acknowledgement. Employee acknowledges 
and agrees that: (i) Employee during the term of the Original 
Noncompetition Agreement had access to and acquired, and during the Term 
will have access to and will acquire, certain confidential and proprietary 
information relating to the business and operation of the Company, 
including but not limited to information with respect to the existing and 
contemplated services, products, trade secrets, ideas, know how, research 
and development, formulas, models, compilations, processes, inventions, 
computer code generated or developed, software or programs, related 
documentation, business and financial methods or practices, plans, pricing, 
operating margins, marketing, merchandising and selling techniques and 
information, customer lists, details of customer agreements, sources of 
supply, employee compensation and benefit plans, customer records and data 
of the Company, and other confidential information relating to the 
policies, operating strategies, expansion strategies or business strategies 
or other confidential or proprietary information of the Company 
(collectively, the Confidential Information); (ii) the Confidential 
Information is the property of the Company; (iii) the use, misappropriation 
or disclosure of the Confidential Information would constitute a breach of 
trust and could cause irreparable injury to the Company; and (iv) it is 
essential to the protection of the Companys good will and to the 
maintenance of the Companys competitive position that the Confidential 
Information be kept secret and that Employee not disclose the Confidential 
Information to others or use the Confidential Information to Employees own 
advantage or the advantage of others.
 
(b)                                 Non-Disclosure of Confidential 
Information. Employee covenants and agrees to hold and safeguard the 
Confidential Information in trust for the Company, its successors and 
assigns, and agrees that Employee shall not, without the prior written 
consent of the Company, misappropriate or disclose or make available to 
anyone at any time, any of the Confidential
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Information, whether or not developed by Employee; provided, however, that 
the foregoing shall not apply to: (i) any information generally available 
to the public or which becomes generally available to the public through no 
fault of Employee, but only from and after the date such information 
becomes so available; (ii) any information obtained by Employee from a 
third party which Employee has no reason to believe, after reasonable 
inquiry, is violating any obligation of confidentiality to the Company; or 
(iii) any information Employee is required by law to disclose provided that 
the Company is promptly given advance notice of and an opportunity to 
contest such disclosure.
 
(c)                                  Permitted Disclosures.  Nothing in 
this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Employee from lawfully (i) 
initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing 
information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise 
assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory agency, 
entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental Authorities) regarding 
a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal 
process directed to Employee individually from any such Governmental 
Authorities; (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an 
action or proceeding by any such Governmental Authorities relating to a 
possible violation of law; or (iv) making any other disclosures that are 
protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law.  
Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, 
Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal 
or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (i) is 
made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, 
either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely for the 
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) 
is made to Employees attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation 
against Employee for reporting a suspected violation of law; or (iii) is 
made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other 
proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.  This Agreement does not 
require Employee to obtain prior authorization from the Company before 
engaging in any conduct described in this paragraph, or to notify the 
Company that Employee has engaged in any such conduct.
 
Section 5.                                          Intellectual Property. 
Employee understands and acknowledges that the Company shall have the sole 
and exclusive rights to anything relating to its actual or prospective 
business which the Employee conceives or works on, either in whole or in 
part, while employed by the Company and that all such work product shall be 
the property of the Company as works for hire under federal law and may 
also constitute the Companys confidential and proprietary information. 
Accordingly, Employee agrees that he:
 
                (i)                                     will promptly and
                fully disclose all such items to the Company and will not
                disclose such items to any other Person without the
                Companys prior written consent;
 
                (ii)                                  will maintain on the
                Companys behalf and surrender to the Company upon
                termination of his/her employment appropriate written
                records regarding all such items;
 
                (iii)                               will, but without
                personal expense, fully cooperate with the Company, execute
                all papers and perform all acts requested by the Company to
                establish, confirm or protect its exclusive rights in such
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
                items or to enable it to transfer legal title to such
                items, together with any patents that may be issued;
 
                (iv)                              will, but without
                personal expense, provide such information and true
                testimony as the Company may request regarding such items
                including, without limitation, items which Employee neither
                conceived nor worked on but regarding which Employee has
                knowledge because of Employees employment with the
                Company;
 
                (v)                                 hereby assigns to the
                Company, its successors and assigns, exclusive right, title
                and interest in and to all such items, including any
                patents which have been or may be issued; and
 
                (vi)                              hereby agrees that only
                such items in which Employee personally holds or claims an
                interest and which are not subject to this Agreement are
                listed on the Ownership Schedule attached hereto. The
                absence of an Ownership Schedule means that no such items
                exist.
 
Section 6.                                          Injunctive Relief. 
Employee acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any breach by 
Employee of any of Employees covenants or agreements contained herein, 
including, without limitation, a breach of Sections 3, 4, and 5, the 
Company would suffer substantial and irrevocable harm and money damages 
would not be a sufficient remedy for such a breach. Therefore, in the event 
of any such breach and in addition to any other remedy the Company may have 
at law or in equity in the event of any such breach, the Company shall be 
entitled to seek and receive specific performance and temporary, 
preliminary and permanent injunctive relief from any breach of any of the 
covenants or agreements of this Agreement from any court of competent 
jurisdiction without the necessity of proving the amount of any actual 
damages to it resulting from such breach.
 
Section 7.                                          Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                 Notice. All notices, consents, waivers, 
and other communications under this Agreement must be in writing and will 
be deemed to have been duly given:
 
                (i)                                     two days after
                deposit in the mail, if sent first-class United States
                mail;
 
                (ii)                                  when delivered by
                hand (with written confirmation of receipt);
 
                (iii)                               when sent by facsimile
                (with written confirmation of receipt), provided that a
                copy is mailed by registered mail, return receipt
                requested; or
 
                (iv)                              when received by the
                addressee, if sent by a nationally recognized overnight
                delivery service (receipt requested), in each case to the
                appropriate addresses and facsimile numbers set forth below
                (or to
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
                such other addresses and facsimile numbers as a party may
                designate by notice to the other parties):
 
                if to Employee:
 
                if to the Company:
 
                Cactus Wellhead, LLC
                920 Memorial City Way, Suite 300
                Houston, TX 77024
                Facsimile: 713-396-5810
 
(b)                                 Assignment; Binding Effect. Neither the 
rights nor the obligations under this Agreement may be assigned by Employee 
without the written consent of the Company, which may be withheld for any 
reason. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 
Employee and his heirs, personal representatives, and assigns. This 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and 
its successors and assigns. Employees obligations under this Agreement 
shall be binding upon Employee regardless of which office(s) of the Company 
Employee is employed at or position(s) Employee may hold and shall inure to 
the benefit of any successors or assigns of the Company.
 
(c)                                  Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to principles of 
conflicts of law thereof.
 
(d)                                 Amendment; Waiver. No modification or 
amendment to this Agreement shall be valid unless made in writing and 
signed by all parties hereto. Any waiver by any party of any violation of, 
breach of or default under any provision of this Agreement by the other 
party shall not be construed as, or constitute, a continuing waiver of such 
provision, or waiver of any other violation of, breach of or default under 
any other provision of this Agreement.
 
(e)                                  Severability. Nothing contained in 
this Agreement shall be construed as requiring the commission of any act 
contrary to law. If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is 
deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such 
provision (expressly including, without limitation, any provision set forth 
in Section 3), shall be deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws of 
such jurisdiction so as to be valid and enforceable.
 
(f)                                   Headings. The headings in this 
Agreement are intended solely for convenience and shall be disregarded in 
interpreting it.
 
(g)                                  Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets 
forth the entire understanding of the parties to this Agreement regarding 
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements (including, 
without limitation, the Original Noncompetition Agreement), arrangements,
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
communications, representations and warranties, whether oral or written, 
between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof.
 
(h)                                 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. 
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same agreement. A signature hereto sent or delivered by facsimile 
or other electronic transmission shall be as legally binding and 
enforceable as a signed original for all purposes.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employee has executed this Agreement and the Company 
has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf as of the Effective 
Date.
 
 
CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
Name:
Scott Bender
 
Title:
President
 
I, Scott Bender, acknowledge and agree that I was given ample opportunity 
to evaluate this Agreement before I signed it, that I wish to accept the 
benefits of employment by the Company, that I understand the restrictions 
upon me as to competition after termination of my employment and I believe 
them to be reasonable and necessary to protect the Company, and that the 
Company will be entitled to stop, by court injunction, any violation of the 
restrictions by me.
 
 
EMPLOYEE
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Scott Bender
 
Scott Bender
                         
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 