 EX-10.1 2 f8k012918aex10-1_droneusainc.htm SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND MUTUAL 
RELEASE DATED JANUARY 29, 2018, BETWEEN DRONE USA, INC. AND CARO PARTNERS 
LLC
Exhibit 10.1
 
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND MUTUAL RELEASE

 
TIDS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND MUTUAL RELEASE (the "Agreement"), is made and 
entered into as of this 29th day of January 2018, by and between Caro 
Partners LLC., a Florida corporation, with offices at I005 Indiantown Road, 
Suite 202, Jupiter, Florida 33458 ("Caro" or the "Consultant"), and Drone 
USA Inc., with offices at 16 Hamilton Street, West Harford Connecticut 
06516 the "Company") (together the "Parties").

WHEREAS, Consultant is in the business of providing services for management 
consulting, business advisory, shareholder information and public 
relations; and has done so for a period of one year from the dated original 
signed agreement dated 12/16/2016. Under the terms of the agreement, the 
consultant was due restricted shares of stock and a monthly fee that was 
not paid for the full year of services.

WHEREAS, the Parties to this Agreement, in order to avoid the further 
expense, delay, and the uncertainties of litigation, desire to buy peace 
and settle all claims that the Parties have or may have, one against the 
other, including, but not limited to, those that were raised or could have 
been raised by any Party to this Agreement.	Â·

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and covenants contained in 
this Agreement, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the 
Parties agree as follows:

Payment. Drone USA will pay $30,000.00 to Caro Partners LLC by February 2nd
, 2018 with an additional payment of $3,000 a month due by the 29st of 
every month for ten months as scheduled below. The last tranche of 400,000 
shares issued to Caro Partners goes back to Drone USA

 
  	February 29, 2018 	  	  	$ 	3000.00 	  	  	  	July 29, 2018 	  	  	$ 	
3000.00 	 
  	March 29th 2018 	  	  	$ 	3000.00 	  	  	  	August 29, 2018 	  	  	$ 	
3000.00 	 
  	
 April 29th 2018
  	  	$ 	3000.00 	  	  	  	September 29, 2018 	  	  	$ 	3000.00 	 
  	
 May 29th 2018
  	  	$ 	3000.00 	  	  	  	October 29, 2018 	  	  	$ 	3000.00 	 
  	June 29th, 2018 	  	  	$ 	3000.00 	  	  	  	November 29, 2018 	  	  	$ 	
3000.00 	 
 
1.                   Caro Release. For such other valuable consideration, 
the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged and confessed, Caro hereby 
releases and forever discharges DRUS including all related corporations and 
legal entities, affiliates and all of DRUS's respective agents, servants, 
employees, officers, directors, shareholders, partners, insurers, 
attorneys, from any and all claims, actions, demands, rights, damages, 
costs, loss of profits, expenses, compensation, complaints, allegations, or 
causes of action of any kind whatsoever, at law or in equity, by statute or 
otherwise, which Caro now has or may have, known or unknown, now existing, 
directly or indirectly, that Caro may have against those persons and 
entities.

 
2.                  DRUS Release. For such other valuable consideration, 
the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged and confessed, DRUS hereby 
releases and forever discharges Caro, including all of Caro's respective 
agents, servants, employees, partners, insurers, attorneys, from any and 
all claims, actions, demands, rights, damages, costs, loss of profits, 
expenses, compensation, complaints, allegations, or causes of action of any 
kind whatsoever, at law or in equity, by statute or otherwise, which DRUS 
now has or may have, known or unknown, now existing, directly or 
indirectly, that DRUS may have against those persons and entities.

 

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND MUTUAL RELEASE - Page 1

 

3.                   Confidentiality. The Parties agree that the terms of 
this Agreement will remain completely confidential. The Parties agrees that 
they will not disclose to any person or entity" except a spouse, legal 
counsel, tax advisors, or as required by law, the terms of this Agreement 
The parties may, however, state that they have settled their dispute 
without disclosing the terms of this agreement.

4.                   Non-Disparagement. The Parties agree that they will 
not communicate disparagingly about the other Party or agent of the either 
Party, but will merely say that "the case is settled."

5.                   Non-Assignment of Claims to Third-Party. By execution 
of this Agreement, each of the Parties hereby covenants and warrants that 
no claim, right or cause of action that they may now have or have had in 
the past against each other Party and/or the entities or persons set forth 
in the preceding release paragraphs, has previously been conveyed, assigned 
or in any manner transferred, in whole or in part, to any third-party. The 
Parties expressly represent, covenant, and warrant that they have full 
authority to release any and all claims that they may now have or may have 
had in the past concerning the Lawsuit, or claims which may have been 
brought therein.

6.                   Further Assurances. The Parties hereto agree to 
execute such other documents and take such other actions as may be 
reasonably necessary to further purposes of this Agreement, including 
dismissal paperwork.

7.                  Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement and any other 
documents referred to herein shall be governed by, construed and enforced 
in accordance with the laws of the State ofFlorida. Venue shall be Palm 
Beach County, Florida.

8.                  Benefit and Burden. This Agreement shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of, the Parties hereto, and their respective 
heirs, executors, administrators, representatives, successors and assigns.

9.                  Entire Agreement. All agreements, covenants, 
representations and warranties, express or implie oral or written, of the 
Parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement are contained 
herein. No other agreements, covenants, representation or warranties, 
express or implied, oral or written, have been made by any Party to any 
other Party concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and no Party is 
relying upon any representation which is not expressly set forth in this 
Agreement. All prior and contemporaneous conversations, negotiations, 
representations, covenants and warranties concerning the subject matter of 
this Agreement are merged herein. This is an integrated Agreement.

10.               Past Attorneys' Fees and Costs. Each Party shall bear its 
or her own attorneys' fees and costs incurred through the execution of this 
Agreement.

11.               Agreements and Waivers. This Agreement may not be 
modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed 
by each of the Parties affected thereby. No delay in exercising any right, 
remedy, or power under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, 
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, or power 
under this Agreement preclude any other further exercise of any right, 
remedy, or power provided herein or in law or in equity.

 

 SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND MUTUAL RELEASE - Page 2

 

  

12.               Voluntary Agreement. The Parties further represent, 
warrant and declare that they have carefully read this Agreement, had the 
opportunity to consult with independent counsel of their own choice, and 
their signatures below indicate that this Agreement was made freely and 
voluntarily by each of the Parties.

13.               Severability. If for any reason any provision of this 
Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining 
provisions of this Agreement nevertheless shall be construed, performed, 
and enforced as if the invalidated or unenforceable provision has not been 
included in the Agreement.

14.               Drafting. Drafting and negotiation of this Agreement have 
been participated in by each of the Parties, and for all purposes this 
Agreement shall be deemed to have been drafted jointly by each of the 
Parties.

15.              Compromise of Disputed Matters. All Parties agree that 
this is a complete compromise of matters involving disputed issues of law 
and fact. All Parties assume the risk that facts or law may be other than 
they believe. It is understood and agreed to by the Parties that this 
settlement is a compromise of doubtful and disputed claims, that the 
consideration and compliance with this Agreement is not to be construed as 
an admission of liability on the part of the Parties, and that this 
Agreement is entered into to avoid the expense and uncertainty of 
litigation.

16.              Counterparts. If this Agreement is executed in 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, all counterparts 
so executed shall constitute one agreement binding upon all of the Parties 
hereto, notwithstanding that all of the Parties are not signatory to the 
same counterpart. In addition, facsimile signatures will be acceptable and 
otherwise binding and enforceable on all the Parties hereto.

17.              Signatures. The Parties hereby acknowledge their agreement 
to the above-terms by their signatures below. The Parties represent and 
warrant that they have the capacity and that they have read this Agreement, 
have consulted with counsel, and signed this Agreement on their own behalf. 
It is expressly understood and agreed that the terms of this Agreement are 
contractual and not merely recitations and that the agreements herein 
contain, in any consideration transferred, or to compromise claims, avoid 
litigation, and buy peace. 

 

  	DRONE USA, INC.
  	 
  	By:  	/s/ Michael Bannon
  	  	President and CEO
  

  	Caro Partners, LLC
  	 
  	
  	 
 

 

 SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND MUTUAL RELEASE - Page 3