 EX-10.3 5 ex10-3.htm EX-10.3
SECURITY AGREEMENT: BUSINESS ASSETS
 
 
1.       GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST. For valuable consideration, the 
undersigned AADVANTAGE LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
"Debtor"), hereby grants and transfers to WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION ("Bank") a security interest in all of the property of Debtor 
described as follows:
 
(a)       all accounts, deposit accounts, contract rights, chattel paper, 
(whether electronic or tangible) instruments, promissory notes, documents, 
general intangibles, payment intangibles, software, letter of credit 
rights, health-care insurance receivables and other rights to payment of 
every kind now existing or at any time hereafter arising;
 
(b)       all inventory, goods held for sale or lease or to be furnished 
under contracts for service, or goods so leased or furnished, raw 
materials, component parts, work in process and other materials used or 
consumed in Debtor's business, now or at any time hereafter owned or 
acquired by Debtor, wherever located, and all products thereof, whether in 
the possession of Debtor, any warehousemen, any bailee or any other person, 
or in process of delivery, and whether located at Debtor's places of 
business or elsewhere;
 
(c)       all warehouse receipts, bills of sale, bills of lading and other 
documents of every kind (whether or not negotiable) in which Debtor now has 
or at any time hereafter acquires any interest, and all additions and 
accessions thereto, whether in the possession or custody of Debtor, any 
bailee or any other person for any purpose;
 
(d)       all money and property heretofore, now or hereafter delivered to 
or deposited with Bank or otherwise coming into the possession, custody or 
control of Bank (or any agent or bailee of Bank) in any manner or for any 
purpose whatsoever during the existence of this Agreement and whether held 
in a general or special account or deposit for safekeeping or otherwise;
 
(e)       all right, title and interest of Debtor under licenses, 
guaranties, warranties, management agreements, marketing or sales 
agreements, escrow contracts, indemnity agreements, insurance policies, 
service or maintenance agreements, supporting obligations and other similar 
contracts of every kind in which Debtor now has or at any time hereafter 
shall have an interest;
 
(f)       all goods, tools, machinery, furnishings, furniture and other 
equipment and fixtures of every kind now existing or hereafter acquired, 
and all improvements, replacements, accessions and additions thereto and 
embedded software included therein, whether located on any property owned 
or leased by Debtor or elsewhere, including without limitation, any of the 
foregoing now or at any time hereafter located at or installed on the land 
or in the improvements at any of the real property owned or leased by 
Debtor, and all such goods after they have been severed and removed from 
any of said real property; and
 
(g)       all motor vehicles, trailers, mobile homes, manufactured homes, 
boats, other rolling stock and related equipment of every kind now existing 
or hereafter acquired and all additions and accessories thereto, whether 
located on any property owned or leased by Debtor or elsewhere;
 

-1- 

 

 
(collectively called “Collateral”), together with all proceeds thereof, 
including whatever is acquired when any of the Collateral or proceeds 
thereof are sold, leased, licensed, exchanged or otherwise disposed of, 
whether such disposition is voluntary or involuntary and whatever is 
collected on or distributed on account thereof, including without 
limitation, (i) all rights to payment however evidenced, (ii) all goods 
returned by or repossessed from Debtor’s customers, (iii) rights arising 
out of Collateral, (iv) claims arising out of the loss, nonconformity, or 
interference with the use of, defects or infringement of rights in, or 
damage to, the Collateral, (v) insurance payable by reason of the loss or 
nonconformity of, defects or infringement of rights in, or damage to, the 
Collateral, (vi) returned insurance premiums, and (vii) all rights to 
payment with respect to any claim or cause of action affecting or relating 
to any of the foregoing (hereinafter called "Proceeds").
 
2.       OBLIGATIONS SECURED. The obligations secured hereby are the 
payment and performance of: (a) all present and future Indebtedness of 
Debtor to Bank; (b) all obligations of Debtor under that certain Continuing 
Guaranty dated of even date herewith; (c) all obligations of Debtor and 
rights of Bank under this Agreement; and (d) all present and future 
obligations of Debtor to Bank of other kinds. The word "Indebtedness" is 
used herein in its most comprehensive sense and includes any and all 
advances, debts, obligations and liabilities of Debtor, or any of them, 
heretofore, now or hereafter made, incurred or created, whether voluntary 
or involuntary and however arising, whether due or not due, absolute or 
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, determined or undetermined, 
including under any swap, derivative, foreign exchange, hedge, deposit, 
treasury management or other similar transaction or arrangement, and 
whether Debtor may be liable individually or jointly with others, or 
whether recovery upon such Indebtedness may be or hereafter becomes 
unenforceable.
 
3.       TERMINATION. This Agreement will terminate upon the performance of 
all obligations of Debtor to Bank, including without limitation, the 
payment of all Indebtedness of Debtor to Bank, and the termination of all 
commitments of Bank to extend credit to Debtor, existing at the time Bank 
receives written notice from Debtor of the termination of this Agreement.
 
4.       OBLIGATIONS OF BANK. Bank has no obligation to make any loans 
hereunder. Any money received by Bank in respect of the Collateral may be 
deposited, at Bank's option, into a non-interest bearing account over which 
Debtor shall have no control, and the same shall, for all purposes, be 
deemed Collateral hereunder. Bank shall not be required to apply such money 
to the Indebtedness or other obligations secured hereby or to remit such 
money to Debtor or to any other party until the full payment of all 
Indebtedness of Debtor to Bank, and the termination of all commitments to 
Bank to extend credit to Debtor.
 
5.       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Debtor represents and warrants to 
Bank that: (a) Debtor's legal name is exactly as set forth on the first 
page of this Agreement, and all of Debtor's organizational documents or 
agreements delivered to Bank are complete and accurate in every respect; 
(b) Debtor is the owner and has possession or control of the Collateral and 
Proceeds; (c) Debtor has the exclusive right to grant a security interest 
in the Collateral and Proceeds; (d) all Collateral and Proceeds are 
genuine, free from liens, adverse claims, setoffs, default, prepayment, 
defenses and conditions precedent of any kind or character, except the lien 
created hereby, any other Lien in favor of Bank or any predecessor of Bank, 
or as otherwise agreed to by Bank, or as heretofore disclosed by Debtor to 
Bank, in writing; (e) all statements contained herein and, where 
applicable, in the Collateral are true and complete in all material 
respects; (f) no financing statement covering any of the Collateral or 
Proceeds, and naming any secured party other than Bank or a predecessor of 
Bank, is on file in

-2- 

 

any public office; (g) where Collateral consists of rights to payment, all 
persons appearing to be obligated on the Collateral and Proceeds have 
authority and capacity to contract and are bound as they appear to be, all 
property subject to chattel paper has been properly registered and filed in 
compliance with law and to perfect the interest of Debtor in such property, 
and all such Collateral and Proceeds comply with all applicable laws 
concerning form, content and manner of preparation and execution, including 
where applicable Federal Reserve Regulation Z and any State consumer credit 
laws; and (h) where the Collateral consists of equipment, fixtures, or 
specific goods, Debtor is not in the business of selling goods of the kind 
included within such Collateral, and Debtor acknowledges that no sale or 
other disposition of any such Collateral, including without limitation, any 
such Collateral which Debtor may deem to be surplus, has been consented to 
or acquiesced in by Bank, except as specifically set forth in writing by 
Bank.
 
6.       COVENANTS OF DEBTOR.
 
(a)       Debtor agrees in general: (i) to pay Indebtedness secured hereby 
when due; (ii) to indemnify Bank against all losses, claims, demands, 
liabilities and expenses of every kind caused by property subject hereto; 
(iii) to permit Bank to exercise its powers; (iv) to execute and deliver 
such documents as Bank deems reasonably necessary to create, perfect and 
continue the security interests contemplated hereby; (v) not to change its 
name, and as applicable, its chief executive office, its principal 
residence or the jurisdiction in which it is organized and/or registered 
without giving Bank prior written notice thereof; (vi) not to change the 
places where Debtor keeps any Collateral or Debtor's records concerning the 
Collateral and Proceeds without giving Bank prior written notice of the 
address to which Debtor is moving same (provided that if Debtor fails to so 
notify Bank or obtain a landlord waiver or warehouseman’s agreement, as 
applicable, within thirty (30) days after moving such Collateral, Bank’s 
sole right and remedy with respect to such breach shall be to exclude such 
Collateral from any calculation of the Asset Coverage Ratio under the 
Credit Agreement dated as of October 7, 2016 between Borrower and Bank, as 
amended by that certain Amendment and Ratification of Credit Agreement and 
Other Loan Documents dated as of June 23, 2017, that certain Second 
Amendment and Ratification of Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents 
dated as of October 30, 2017, and that certain Third Amendment and 
Ratification of Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated of even 
date herewith (as amended, the “Credit Agreement”); and (vii) to use 
commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with Bank in perfecting all 
security interests granted herein and in obtaining such agreements from 
third parties as Bank deems reasonably necessary, proper or convenient in 
connection with the preservation, perfection or enforcement of any of its 
rights hereunder.
 
(b)       Debtor agrees with regard to the Collateral and Proceeds, unless 
Bank agrees otherwise in writing: (i) that Bank is authorized to file 
financing statements in the name of Debtor to perfect Bank's security 
interest in Collateral and Proceeds; (ii)  where applicable, to operate the 
Collateral in accordance with all applicable statutes, rules and 
regulations relating to the use and control thereof, and not to use any 
Collateral for any unlawful purpose or in any way that would void any 
insurance required to be carried in connection therewith; (iii) not to 
remove the Collateral from Debtor's premises except in the ordinary course 
of Debtor's business; (iv) to pay when due all license fees, registration 
fees and other charges in connection with any Collateral that are 
materially necessary to the operation of Debtor’s business; (v) not to 
knowingly permit and to use commercially reasonable efforts to remove any 
lien on the Collateral or Proceeds, including without limitation, liens 
arising from repairs to or storage of the Collateral, except in favor of 
Bank; (vi) not to sell, hypothecate or dispose of, nor permit the transfer 
by operation of law of, any of the Collateral or Proceeds or any interest 
therein, except sales of inventory to buyers in the ordinary course of 
Debtor's business, the disposal of property

-3- 

 

and/or equipment replaced in the ordinary course of business, or the 
disposition of fully depreciated and/or obsolete equipment in the ordinary 
course of business; (vii) to permit Bank to inspect the Collateral at any 
time, provided, that prior to an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit 
Agreement), such inspection shall be during regular business hours of the 
Debtor and with reasonable prior notice to Debtor; (viii) to keep, in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, complete and 
accurate records regarding all Collateral and Proceeds, and to permit Bank 
to inspect the same and make copies thereof at any reasonable time; (ix) if 
requested by Bank, to receive and use reasonable diligence to collect 
Collateral consisting of accounts and other rights to payment and Proceeds, 
in trust and as the property of Bank, and to immediately endorse as 
appropriate and deliver such Collateral and Proceeds to Bank daily in the 
exact form in which they are received together with a collection report in 
form satisfactory to Bank; (x) not to commingle Collateral or Proceeds, or 
collections thereunder, with other property; (xi) to give only normal 
allowances and credits and to advise Bank thereof immediately in writing if 
they affect any rights to payment or Proceeds in any material respect; 
(xii) from time to time, when requested by Bank, to prepare and deliver a 
schedule of all Collateral and Proceeds subject to this Agreement and to 
assign in writing and deliver to Bank all accounts, contracts, leases and 
other chattel paper, instruments, documents and other evidences thereof; 
(xiii) in the event Bank elects to receive payments of rights to payment or 
Proceeds hereunder, to pay all expenses incurred by Bank in connection 
therewith, including expenses of accounting, correspondence, collection 
efforts, reporting to account or contract debtors, filing, recording, 
record keeping and expenses incidental thereto; and (xiv) to provide any 
service and do any other acts which may be necessary to maintain, preserve 
and protect all Collateral and, as appropriate and applicable, to keep all 
Collateral in good and saleable condition, to deal with the Collateral in 
accordance with the standards and practices adhered to generally by users 
and manufacturers of like property, and to keep all Collateral and Proceeds 
free and clear of all defenses, rights of offset and counterclaims.
 
7.       POWERS OF BANK. Debtor appoints Bank its true attorney in fact to 
perform any of the following powers, which are coupled with an interest, 
are irrevocable until termination of this Agreement and may be exercised 
from time to time by Bank's officers and employees, or any of them: (a) to 
perform any obligation of Debtor hereunder in Debtor's name or otherwise; 
(b) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default 
to give notice to account debtors or others of Bank's rights in the 
Collateral and Proceeds, to enforce or forebear from enforcing the same and 
make extension and modification agreements with respect thereto; (c) to 
release persons liable on Collateral or Proceeds and to give receipts and 
acquittances and compromise disputes in connection therewith; (d) to 
release or substitute security; (e) to resort to security in any order; (f) 
to prepare, execute, file, record or deliver notes, assignments, schedules, 
designation statements, financing statements, continuation statements, 
termination statements, statements of assignment, applications for 
registration or like papers to perfect, preserve or release Bank's interest 
in the Collateral and Proceeds; (g) upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default to receive, open and read mail addressed 
to Debtor; (h) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event 
of Default to take cash, instruments for the payment of money and other 
property to which Bank is entitled; (i) to verify facts concerning the 
Collateral and Proceeds by inquiry of obligors thereon, or otherwise, in 
its own name or a fictitious name; (j) upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default to endorse, collect, deliver and receive 
payment under instruments for the payment of money constituting or relating 
to Proceeds; (k) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event 
of Default to prepare, adjust, execute, deliver and receive payment under 
insurance claims, and to collect and receive payment of and endorse any 
instrument in payment of loss or returned premiums or any other insurance 
refund or return, and to apply such amounts received by Bank, at Bank's 
sole option, toward repayment of the Indebtedness or, where appropriate,

-4- 

 

replacement of the Collateral; (l) to exercise all rights, powers and 
remedies which Debtor would have, but for this Agreement, with respect to 
all Collateral and Proceeds subject hereto; (m) upon prior notice to Debtor 
as provided herein prior to an Event of Default, and at any time during the 
continuation of an Event of Default, to enter onto Debtor's premises in 
inspecting the Collateral; (n) to make withdrawals from and to close 
deposit accounts or other accounts with any financial institution, wherever 
located, into which Proceeds may have been deposited, and to apply funds so 
withdrawn to payment of the Indebtedness; (o) to preserve or release the 
interest evidenced by chattel paper to which Bank is entitled hereunder and 
to endorse and deliver any evidence of title incidental thereto; and (p) to 
do all acts and things and execute all documents in the name of Debtor or 
otherwise, deemed by Bank as necessary, proper and convenient in connection 
with the preservation, perfection or enforcement of its rights hereunder.
 
8.       PAYMENT OF PREMIUMS, TAXES, CHARGES, LIENS AND ASSESSMENTS. Debtor 
agrees to pay, prior to delinquency, all insurance premiums, taxes, 
charges, liens and assessments against the Collateral and Proceeds, and 
upon the failure of Debtor to do so, Bank at its option may pay any of them 
and shall be the sole judge of the legality or validity thereof and the 
amount necessary to discharge the same. Any such payments made by Bank 
shall be obligations of Debtor to Bank, due and payable immediately upon 
demand, and at Bank’s option and subject to any restrictions under 
applicable law pertaining to usury, together with interest at a rate 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and shall 
be secured by the Collateral and Proceeds, subject to all terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.
 
9.       EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any of the following shall 
constitute an "Event of Default" under this Agreement: (a) an Event of 
Default under the Credit Agreement; (b) any representation or warranty made 
by Debtor herein shall prove to be incorrect, false or misleading in any 
material respect when made; (c) Debtor shall fail to observe or perform any 
obligation or agreement contained herein and with respect to any such 
default that by its nature can be cured, such default shall continue for a 
period of thirty (30) days from its occurrence, provided, however, if the 
default cannot by its nature be cured within the thirty (30) day period or 
cannot after diligent attempts by Debtor be cured within such thirty (30) 
day period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable 
time, then Debtor shall have an additional period determined by Bank (which 
shall not in any case exceed an additional thirty (30) days) to attempt to 
cure such default, and within such reasonable time period the failure to 
cure the default shall not be deemed an Event of Default; (d) any 
impairment of the rights of Bank in any Collateral or Proceeds, or any 
attachment or like levy on any property of Debtor that causes a material 
adverse effect on the Debtor; and (e) Bank, in good faith, believes any or 
all of the Collateral and/or Proceeds to be in danger of misuse, 
dissipation, commingling, loss, theft, damage or destruction, or otherwise 
in jeopardy or unsatisfactory in character or value and such condition will 
have a material adverse effect on the rights of Bank hereunder.
 
10.       REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Bank shall 
have the right to declare immediately due and payable all or any 
Indebtedness secured hereby and to terminate any commitments to make loans 
or otherwise extend credit to Debtor. Bank shall have all other rights, 
powers, privileges and remedies granted to a secured party upon default 
under the Uniform Commercial Code or the Business and Commerce Code of the 
jurisdiction identified in Section 18 below, or otherwise provided by law, 
including without limitation, the right (a) to contact all persons 
obligated to Debtor on any Collateral or Proceeds and to instruct such 
persons to deliver all Collateral and/or Proceeds directly to Bank, and (b) 
to sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of any or all Collateral. In 
addition to any other remedies set forth in this Agreement, Debtor 
authorizes Bank to engage in “electronic self-help” as defined in and in

-5- 

 

accordance with applicable law. All rights, powers, privileges and remedies 
of Bank shall be cumulative. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in 
exercising any right, power, privilege or remedy hereunder shall affect or 
operate as a waiver of such right, power, privilege or remedy; nor shall 
any single or partial exercise of any such right, power, privilege or 
remedy preclude, waive or otherwise affect any other or further exercise 
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, privilege or remedy. Any 
waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind by Bank of any default 
hereunder, or any such waiver of any provisions or conditions hereof, must 
be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in 
writing. It is agreed that public or private sales or other dispositions, 
for cash or on credit, to a wholesaler or retailer or investor, or user of 
property of the types subject to this Agreement, or public auctions, are 
all commercially reasonable since differences in the prices generally 
realized in the different kinds of dispositions are ordinarily offset by 
the differences in the costs and credit risks of such dispositions. While 
an Event of Default exists: (a) Debtor will deliver to Bank from time to 
time, as requested by Bank, current lists of all Collateral and Proceeds; 
(b) Debtor will not dispose of any Collateral or Proceeds except on terms 
approved by Bank; (c) at Bank's request, Debtor will assemble and deliver 
all Collateral and Proceeds, and books and records pertaining thereto, to 
Bank at a reasonably convenient place designated by Bank; and (d) Bank may, 
without notice to Debtor, enter onto Debtor's premises and take possession 
of the Collateral. With respect to any sale or other disposition by Bank of 
any Collateral subject to this Agreement, Debtor hereby expressly grants to 
Bank the right to sell such Collateral using any or all of Debtor's 
trademarks, trade names, trade name rights and/or proprietary labels or 
marks. Debtor further agrees that Bank shall have no obligation to process 
or prepare any Collateral for sale or other disposition. In addition, Bank 
shall have the right to file against each individual government contract of 
Borrower, Guarantor and/or its subsidiaries, as applicable, in accordance 
with the terms of the Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, following and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default.
 
11.       DISPOSITION OF COLLATERAL AND PROCEEDS; TRANSFER OF INDEBTEDNESS. 
In disposing of Collateral hereunder, Bank may disclaim all warranties of 
title, possession, quiet enjoyment and the like. Any proceeds of any 
disposition of any Collateral or Proceeds, or any part thereof, may be 
applied by Bank to the payment of expenses incurred by Bank in connection 
with the foregoing, including reasonable attorneys' fees, and the balance 
of such proceeds may be applied by Bank toward the payment of the 
Indebtedness in such order of application as Bank may from time to time 
elect. Upon the transfer of all or any part of the Indebtedness, Bank may 
transfer all or any part of the Collateral or Proceeds and shall be fully 
discharged thereafter from all liability and responsibility with respect to 
any of the foregoing so transferred, and the transferee shall be vested 
with all rights and powers of Bank hereunder with respect to any of the 
foregoing so transferred; but with respect to any Collateral or Proceeds 
not so transferred, Bank shall retain all rights, powers, privileges and 
remedies herein given.
 
12.       STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. Until all Indebtedness shall have been 
paid in full and all commitments by Bank to extend credit to Debtor have 
been terminated, the power of sale or other disposition and all other 
rights, powers, privileges and remedies granted to Bank hereunder shall, to 
the extent permitted by law, continue to exist and may be exercised by Bank 
at any time and from time to time irrespective of the fact that the 
Indebtedness or any part thereof may have become barred by any statute of 
limitations, or that the personal liability of Debtor may have ceased, 
unless such liability shall have ceased due to the payment in full of all 
Indebtedness secured hereunder.
 
13.       MISCELLANEOUS. When there is more than one Debtor named herein: 
(a) the word "Debtor" shall mean all or any one or more of them as the 
context requires; (b) the

-6- 

 

obligations of each Debtor hereunder are joint and several; and (c) until 
all Indebtedness shall have been paid in full, no Debtor shall have any 
right of subrogation or contribution, and each Debtor hereby waives any 
benefit of or right to participate in any of the Collateral or Proceeds or 
any other security now or hereafter held by Bank. Debtor hereby waives any 
right to require Bank to (i) proceed against Debtor or any other person, 
(ii) marshal assets or proceed against or exhaust any security from Debtor 
or any other person, (iii) perform any obligation of Debtor with respect to 
any Collateral or Proceeds, and (iv) make any presentment or demand, or 
give any notices of any kind, including without limitation, any notice of 
nonpayment or nonperformance, protest, notice of protest, notice of 
dishonor, notice of intention to accelerate or notice of acceleration 
hereunder or in connection with any Collateral or Proceeds. Debtor further 
waives any right to direct the application of payments or security for any 
Indebtedness of Debtor or indebtedness of customers of Debtor.
 
14.       NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands required under this 
Agreement must be in writing, addressed to Bank at the address specified in 
any other loan documents entered into between Debtor and Bank and to Debtor 
at the address of its chief executive office (or principal residence, if 
applicable) specified below or to such other address as any party may 
designate by written notice to each other party, and shall be deemed to 
have been given or made as follows: (a) if personally delivered, upon 
delivery; (b) if sent by mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or 
three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class and postage 
prepaid; and (c) if sent by telecopy, upon receipt.
 
15.       COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. Debtor shall pay to Bank 
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges, 
costs and expenses, including, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside counsel fees), expended or 
incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the perfection and preservation of 
the Collateral or Bank's interest therein, and (b) the realization, 
enforcement and exercise of any right, power, privilege or remedy conferred 
by this Agreement, whether or not suit is brought or foreclosure is 
commenced, and where suit is brought, whether incurred at the trial or 
appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including 
any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding 
(including without limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested matter 
or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to Debtor or in any 
way affecting any of the Collateral or Bank's ability to exercise any of 
its rights or remedies with respect thereto. Notwithstanding anything in 
this Agreement to the contrary, reasonable attorneys’ fees shall not exceed 
the amount permitted by law. Whenever in this Agreement Debtor is obligated 
to pay for the attorneys' fees of Bank, or the phrase "reasonable 
attorneys' fees" or a similar phrase is used, it shall be Debtor's 
obligation to pay the attorneys' fees actually incurred or allocated, at 
standard hourly rates, without regard to any statutory interpretation, 
which shall not apply, Debtor hereby waiving the application of any such 
statute. Subject to any restrictions under applicable law pertaining to 
usury, all of the foregoing shall be paid by Debtor with interest from the 
date of demand until paid in full at a rate per annum equal to the greater 
of any default rate applicable to the Borrower’s outstanding obligations 
under the Credit Agreement, or Bank’s Prime Rate in effect from time to 
time.
 
16.       SUCCESSORS; ASSIGNS; AMENDMENT. This Agreement shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of the administrators, legal representatives, 
successors and assigns of the parties, and may be amended or modified only 
in writing signed by Bank and Debtor.
 

-7- 

 

17.       SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Agreement 
shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such 
provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or 
invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any 
remaining provisions of this Agreement.
 
18.       GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, but giving effect to 
federal laws applicable to national banks.
 
19.       INSURANCE PROVISIONS. Debtor agrees with regard to the Collateral 
and Proceeds, unless Bank agrees otherwise in writing, to insure the 
Collateral with Bank named as loss payee, in form, substance and amounts, 
under agreements, against risks and liabilities, and with insurance 
companies satisfactory to Bank.
 
Debtor warrants that is an organization registered under the laws of 
Delaware.
 
Debtor warrants that its chief executive office (or principal residence, if 
applicable) is located at the following address: 290 Northeast 68th 
Street, Miami, Florida 33138.
 
Debtor warrants that the Collateral (except goods in transit) is located or 
domiciled at the following additional addresses: 290 Northeast 68th 
Street, Miami, Florida 33138.
 
 
 
 
 

-8- 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by Debtor, 
intending to be legally bound hereby, as of February 8, 2018.
 
AADVANTAGE LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, Inc., a Delaware corporation
 
 
By: /s/Henry M. Nahmad                  
Henry M. Nahmad, President
 
 

-9- 

 