 EX-10.1 4 d496783dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1


DRILLING AND OPERATING AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------
INDEX
 
Section 	   	  	   	Page 	 
 1.
   	
 Assignment of Well Locations; Representations and Indemnification
 Associated with the Assignment of the Lease; Designation of Additional
 Well Locations; Outside Activities Are Not Restricted
   	  	1 	 
 2.
   	
 Drilling of Wells; Timing; Extent of Drilling; Interest of Developer;
 Right to Substitute Well Locations
   	  	3 	 
 3.
   	
 Operator  Responsibilities in General; Covenants; Term
   	  	4 	 
 4.
   	
 Operators Charges for Drilling and Completing Wells; Payment; Completion
 Determination; Dry Hole Determination; Excess Funds and Cost Overruns 
 Intangible Drilling Costs; Excess Funds and Cost Overruns  Tangible Costs
   	  	5 	 
 5.
   	
 Title Examination of Well Locations; Developers Acceptance and Liability;
 Additional Well Locations
   	  	9 	 
 6.
   	
 Operations Subsequent to Completion of the Wells; Fee Adjustments;
 Extraordinary Costs; Pipelines; Price Determinations; Plugging and
 Abandonment
   	  	9 	 
 7.
   	
 Billing and Payment Procedure with Respect to Operation of Wells;
 Disbursements; Separate Account for Sale Proceeds; Records and Reports;
 Additional Information
   	  	11 	 
 8.
   	
 Operators Lien; Right to Collect From Oil or Gas Purchaser
   	  	13 	 
 9.
   	
 Successors and Assigns; Transfers; Appointment of Agent
   	  	13 	 
 10.
   	
 Operators Insurance; Subcontractors Insurance; Operators Liability
   	  	15 	 
 11.
   	
 Internal Revenue Code Election; Relationship of Parties; Right to Take
 Production in Kind
   	  	15 	 
 12.
   	
 Effect of Force Majeure; Definition of Force Majeure; Limitation
   	  	16 	 
 13.
   	
 Term
   	  	17 	 
 14.
   	
 Governing Law; Invalidity
   	  	17 	 
 15.
   	
 Integration; Written Amendment
   	  	17 	 
 16.
   	
 Waiver of Default or Breach
   	  	17 	 
 17.
   	
 Notices
   	  	17 	 
 18.
   	
 Interpretation
   	  	18 	 
 19.
   	
 Counterparts
   	  	18 	 
   	
 Exhibit A
   	
 Description of Leases and Initial Well Locations
   	 	 	
   	
 Exhibits A-l through A-    
   	
 Maps of Initial Well Locations
   	 	 	
   	
 Exhibit B
   	
 Form of Assignment
   	 	 	
   	
 Exhibit C
   	
 Form of Addendum
   	 	 	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
DRILLING AND OPERATING AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made this 21st day of February, 2013, by and between ATLAS 
RESOURCES, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company (hereinafter 
referred to as Atlas or Operator),

and

ATLAS RESOURCES SERIES 33-2013 L.P. a Delaware limited partnership, 
(hereinafter referred to as the Developer).


WITNESSETH THAT:

WHEREAS, the Operator, by virtue of the Oil and Natural Gas Leases (the 
Leases) described on Exhibit A attached to and made a part of this 
Agreement, has certain rights to develop the                      (         
   ) initial well locations (the Initial Well Locations) identified on 
the maps attached to and made a part of this Agreement as Exhibits A-l 
through A-        ;

WHEREAS, the Developer, subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, desires to acquire certain of the Operators rights to develop 
the Initial Well Locations and to provide for the development on the terms 
and conditions set forth in this Agreement of additional well locations 
(Additional Well Locations) that the parties may from time to time 
designate; and

WHEREAS, the Operator is in the oil and natural gas exploration and 
development business, and the Developer desires that Operator, as its 
independent contractor, perform certain services in connection with its 
efforts to develop the aforesaid Initial and Additional Well Locations 
(collectively the Well Locations) and to operate the wells completed on 
the Well Locations, on the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained 
and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the parties 
hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
 
1. 	Assignment of Well Locations; Representations and Indemnification 
Associated with the Assignment of the Lease; Designation of Additional Well 
Locations; Outside Activities Are Not Restricted.
 
  	(a) 	Assignment of Well Locations. The Operator shall execute an 
assignment of an undivided percentage of Working Interest in the Well 
Location for each well to the Developer as shown on Exhibit A attached 
hereto, which assignment shall be limited by the Operator to the 
Prospect, which is defined as the minimum area permitted by state law or 
local practice on which one well may be drilled, which may be different for 
different Horizons. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, Prospect 
shall be deemed:
 
  	 	  	in the Marble Falls primary area in north-central Texas, 
approximately 40 acres for vertical wells and approximately 160 acres for 
vertical natural gas wells, and further limited to the deepest depth 
penetrated at the cessation of drilling activities and as adjusted to take 
into account lease boundaries;
 
  	 	  	for horizontal wells in the Marcellus Shale primary area in 
northeastern Pennsylvania, the wellbore, plus 125 feet on either side of 
the center line of a lateral in the well, extending from the beginning of 
the first perforation to the end of the last perforation and from the 
bottom of the Tully zone to the bottom of the Marcellus Shale formation, 
subject to any limitations under Pennsylvania law and as adjusted to take 
into account lease boundaries;
 
  	 	  	for horizontal wells in the Utica Shale primary area in eastern 
Ohio, the wellbore, plus 125 feet on either side of the center line of a 
lateral in the well, extending from the beginning of the first perforation 
to the end of the last perforation and from the bottom of the Reedsville 
Shale to the top of the Trenton Lime formation, subject to any limitations 
under Ohio law and as adjusted to take into account lease boundaries; and
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 	  	for horizontal wells in the Mississippi Lime primary area in 
northern Oklahoma, the wellbore, plus 125 feet on either side of the center 
line of a lateral in the well, extending from the beginning of the first 
perforation to the end of the last perforation and from the bottom of the 
Mississippi Unconformity to the top of the Kinderhook formation, subject to 
any limitations under Oklahoma law and as adjusted to take into account 
lease boundaries.

The assignment shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached to 
and made a part of this Agreement. The amount of acreage, the wellbore, and 
any laterals, as the case may be, included in each Initial Well Location 
and the configuration of the Initial Well Location are indicated on the 
maps attached to this Agreement as Exhibits A-l through A-        . The 
amount of acreage, the wellbore, and any laterals, as the case may be, 
included in each Additional Well Location and the configuration of the 
Additional Well Location shall be indicated on the maps to be attached as 
exhibits to the applicable addendum to this Agreement as provided in 
sub-section (c) below. The parties agree that a horizontal well or wells 
may be drilled on the same well pad on which another well has been drilled 
by the Developer.
 
  	(b) 	Representations and Indemnification Associated with the Assignment 
of the Lease. With respect to the Lease assignments described in Section 
1(a), the Operator represents and warrants to the Developer that:
 
  	(i) 	the Operator is the lawful owner of the Lease and rights and 
interest under the Lease and of the personal property on the Lease or used 
in connection with the Lease;
 
  	(ii) 	the Operator has good right and authority to sell and convey the 
rights, interest, and property;
 
  	(iii) 	the rights, interest, and property are free and clear from all 
liens and encumbrances; and
 
  	(iv) 	all rentals and royalties due and payable under the Lease have 
been duly paid.

The Operator agrees to indemnify, protect and hold the Developer and its 
successors and assigns harmless from and against all costs (including but 
not limited to reasonable attorneys fees), liabilities, claims, penalties, 
losses, suits, actions, causes of action, judgments or decrees resulting 
from the breach of any of the above representations and warranties. It is 
understood and agreed that, except as specifically set forth above, the 
Operator makes no warranty or representation, express or implied, as to its 
title or the title of the lessors in and to the lands or oil and natural 
gas interests covered by said Leases.
 
  	(c) 	Designation of Additional Well Locations. If the parties hereto 
desire to designate Additional Well Locations to be developed in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, then the parties shall 
execute an addendum substantially in the form of Exhibit C attached to and 
made a part of this Agreement specifying:
 
  	(i) 	the undivided percentage of Working Interest and the oil and 
natural gas Leases to be included as Leases under this Agreement;
 
  	(ii) 	the amount and configuration of acreage, the wellbore and any 
laterals included in each Additional Well Location on maps attached as 
exhibits to the addendum; and
 
  	(iii) 	their agreement that the Additional Well Locations shall be 
developed in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
  	(d) 	
Outside Activities Are Not Restricted. It is understood and agreed that the 
assignment of rights under the Leases and the oil and natural gas 
development activities contemplated by this Agreement relate only to the 
Initial Well Locations and the Additional Well Locations. Nothing contained 
in this Agreement shall be interpreted to restrict in any manner the right 
of each of the parties to conduct without the participation of the other 
party any additional activities relating to exploration, development, 
drilling, production, or
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 delivery of oil and natural gas on lands adjacent to or in the 
immediate vicinity of the Well Locations or elsewhere.
 
2. 	Drilling of Wells; Timing; Extent of Drilling; Interest of Developer; 
Right to Substitute Well Locations.
 
  	(a) 	Drilling of Wells. Operator, as Developers independent contractor, 
agrees to drill, complete (or plug) and operate                      (      
      ) oil and natural gas wells on the                      (            
) Initial Well Locations in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement. Developer, as a minimum commitment, agrees to participate 
in and pay the Operators charges for drilling and completing (or plugging) 
the wells and any extra costs pursuant to Section 4 in proportion to the 
share of the Working Interest owned by the Developer in the wells with 
respect to all initial wells. It is understood and agreed that, subject to 
sub-section (e) below, Developer does not reserve the right to decline 
participation in the drilling of any of the initial wells to be drilled 
under this Agreement.
 
  	(b) 	Timing. Operator shall begin drilling the first well within thirty 
(30) days after the date of this Agreement, and shall begin drilling each 
of the other initial wells for which payment is made pursuant to Section 
4(b) before the close of the 90th day after the close of the calendar year 
in which this Agreement is entered into by Operator and the Developer. 
Subject to the foregoing time limits, Operator shall determine the timing 
of and the order of drilling the Initial Well Locations.
 
  	(c) 	Extent of Drilling. All of the wells to be drilled under this 
Agreement shall be:
 
  	(i) 	drilled and completed (or plugged) in accordance with the generally 
accepted and customary oil and natural gas field practices and techniques 
then prevailing in the geographical area of the Well Locations; and
 
  	(ii) 	drilled to a depth sufficient to thoroughly test the objective 
formation or the deepest assigned depth, whichever is less, in the case of 
a vertical well, and drilled both vertically and horizontally to thoroughly 
test the objective formation, in the case of a horizontal well.
 
  	(d) 	Interest of Developer. Except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement, all costs, expenses, and liabilities incurred in connection with 
the drilling and other operations and activities contemplated by this 
Agreement shall be borne and paid, and all wells, gathering lines in 
connection with a natural gas well, equipment, materials, and facilities 
acquired, constructed or installed under this Agreement shall be owned by 
the Developer in proportion to the share of the Working Interest owned by 
the Developer in the wells. Subject to the payment of lessors royalties 
and other royalties and overriding royalties, if any, production of oil and 
natural gas from the wells to be drilled under this Agreement shall be 
owned by the Developer in proportion to the share of the Working Interest 
owned by the Developer in the wells. Additionally, all costs, expenses, and 
liabilities incurred in connection with the leasing, developing, drilling, 
drilling or acquisition and operation of water disposal or injection wells, 
and the transportation, treatment or injection of waste water from 
Developers productive wells under this Agreement shall be the sole 
responsibility of Developer in proportion to the share of the Working 
Interest owned by the Developer. In the event Operator provides any 
services related to water disposal wells, injection wells, transportation 
and treatment of waste water or similar matters under this Agreement, 
Operator shall be paid a competitive monthly fee, as agreed to by Developer 
and Operator, in addition to the Operators other fees and reimbursements 
under this Agreement.
 
  	(e) 	Right to Substitute Well Locations. Notwithstanding the provisions 
of sub-section (a) above, if the Operator or Developer determines in good 
faith, with respect to any Well Location, before operations begin under 
this Agreement on the proposed new well location, that it would not be in 
the best interest of the Developer to drill a well on the Well Location, 
then the party making the determination shall notify the other party of its 
determination and the basis for its determination and, unless otherwise 
instructed by Developer, the well shall not be drilled. This determination 
may be based on:
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(i) 	the production or failure of production of any other wells that may 
have been recently drilled in the immediate area of the Well Location;
 
  	(ii) 	newly discovered title defects; or
 
  	(iii) 	any other evidence with respect to the Well Location as may have 
been obtained.

If the well is not drilled, then Operator shall promptly propose a new well 
location (including all information for the proposed new well location as 
Developer may reasonably request) to be substituted for the original Well 
Location. Developer shall then have seven (7) business days to either 
reject or accept the proposed new well location. If the new well location 
is rejected, then Operator shall promptly propose another substitute well 
location pursuant to the provisions of this sub-section.

Once the Developer accepts a substitute well location or does not reject it 
within the seven (7) day period, this Agreement shall terminate as to the 
original Well Location and the substitute well location shall become 
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
3. 	Operator  Responsibilities in General; Covenants; Term.
 
  	(a) 	Operator  Responsibilities in General. Atlas shall be the Operator 
of the wells and Well Locations subject to this Agreement and, as the 
Developers independent contractor, shall, in addition to its other 
obligations under this Agreement do the following:
 
  	(i) 	arrange for drilling and completing (or plugging) the wells and, if 
a natural gas well, installing the necessary natural gas gathering line 
systems and processing and connection facilities;
 
  	(ii) 	make the technical decisions required in drilling, testing, 
completing (or plugging), and operating the wells;
 
  	(iii) 	manage and conduct all field operations in connection with the 
drilling, testing, completing (or plugging), equipping, operating, and 
producing the wells;
 
  	(iv) 	maintain all wells, equipment, gathering lines if a natural gas 
well, and facilities in good working order during their useful lives;
 
  	(v) 	perform the necessary administrative and accounting functions; and
 
  	(vi) 	design water disposal, recycling and treatment plans, if needed, 
for the wells.

In performing the work contemplated by this Agreement, Operator is an 
independent contractor with authority to control and direct the performance 
of the details of the work.
 
  	(b) 	Covenants. Operator covenants and agrees that under this Agreement:
 
  	(i) 	it shall perform and carry on (or cause to be performed and carried 
on) its duties and obligations in a good, prudent, diligent, and 
workmanlike manner using technically sound, acceptable oil and natural gas 
field practices then prevailing in the geographical area of the Well 
Locations;
 
  	(ii) 	all drilling and other operations conducted by, for and under the 
control of Operator shall conform in all respects to federal, state and 
local laws, statutes, ordinances, regulations, and requirements;
 
  	(iii) 	unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Developer, all work 
performed pursuant to a written estimate shall conform to the technical 
specifications set forth in the written estimate and all equipment and 
materials installed or incorporated in the wells and facilities shall be 
new or used and of good quality;
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(iv) 	in the course of conducting operations, it shall comply with all 
terms and conditions, other than any minimum drilling commitments, of the 
Leases (and any related assignments, amendments, subleases, modifications 
and supplements);
 
  	(v) 	it shall keep the Well Locations and all wells, equipment and 
facilities located on the Well Locations free and clear of all labor, 
materials and other types of liens or encumbrances arising out of 
operations;
 
  	(vi) 	it shall file all reports and obtain all permits and bonds 
required to be filed with or obtained from any governmental authority or 
agency in connection with the drilling or other operations and activities; 
and
 
  	(vii) 	it will provide competent and experienced personnel to supervise 
drilling, completing (or plugging), and operating the wells and use the 
services of competent and experienced service companies to provide any 
third-party services necessary or appropriate in order to perform its 
duties.
 
  	(c) 	Term. Atlas shall serve as Operator under this Agreement until the 
earliest of:
 
  	(i) 	the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 13;
 
  	(ii) 	the termination of Atlas as Operator by the Developer at any time 
in the Developers discretion, with or without cause, on sixty (60) days 
advance written notice to the Operator; or
 
  	(iii) 	the resignation of Atlas as Operator under this Agreement, which 
may occur on ninety (90) days written notice to the Developer at any time 
after five (5) years from the date of this Agreement, it being expressly 
understood and agreed that Atlas shall have no right to resign as Operator 
before the expiration of the five-year period.

Any successor Operator shall be selected by the Developer. Nothing 
contained in this sub-section shall relieve or release Atlas or the 
Developer from any liability or obligation under this Agreement that 
accrued or occurred before Atlas removal or resignation as Operator under 
this Agreement. On any change in Operator under this provision, the then 
present Operator shall deliver to the successor Operator possession of all 
records, equipment, materials and appurtenances used or obtained for use in 
connection with operations under this Agreement and owned by the Developer.
 
4. 	Operators Charges for Drilling and Completing Wells; Payment; 
Completion Determination; Dry Hole Determination; Excess Funds and Cost 
Overruns-Intangible Drilling Costs; Excess Funds and Cost Overruns-Tangible 
Costs.
 
  	(a) 	Operators Charges for Drilling and Completing Wells. Each oil and 
natural gas well that is drilled and completed under this Agreement shall 
be drilled and completed for an amount equal to the sum of the following 
items: (i) the Cost of permits, supplies, materials, equipment, and all 
other items used in the drilling and completion of a well provided by 
third-parties, or if the foregoing items are provided by Affiliates of the 
Developers Managing General Partner, then those items shall be charged at 
competitive rates; (ii) fees for third-party services; (iii) fees for 
services provided by the Developers Managing General Partners Affiliates, 
which shall be charged at competitive rates; (iv) an administration and 
oversight fee at a competitive rate in the area where the well is situated, 
which is $100,000 per vertical well in the Marble Falls primary area in 
north-central Texas, $300,000 per horizontal well in the Marcellus Shale 
primary area in northeastern Pennsylvania, $300,000 per horizontal well in 
the Mississippi Lime primary area in northern Oklahoma, and $400,000 per 
horizontal well in the Utica Shale primary area in eastern Ohio; and (v) a 
mark-up in an amount equal to 15% of the sum of (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), 
above, for the Developers Managing General Partners services as general 
drilling contractor and Operator under this Agreement.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cost shall mean the price paid by Operator in an arms-length 
transaction. Additionally, if the Operator drills a well for the Developer 
that the Developers Managing General Partner determines is not an average 
well in the area because of the wells depth, complexity associated with 
either drilling or completion activities or as otherwise determined by the 
Managing General Partner, the administration and oversight fee for the well 
described above, if applicable, and in §4.02(d)(1)(iv) of the Developers 
Partnership Agreement, may be increased to a competitive rate as determined 
by the Managing General Partner.

The estimated price for drilling and completing each of the wells shall be 
set forth in an Authority for Expenditure (AFE) that shall be attached to 
this Agreement as an Exhibit, and shall cover all ordinary costs which may 
be incurred in drilling and completing (or plugging) each well. This 
includes without limitation, site preparation, permits and bonds, roadways, 
surface damages, power at the site, water and water supply and disposal 
lines, Operators compensation as set forth above, including the Operators 
administration and oversight fee and 15% mark-up for the well as discussed 
above, rights-of-way, drilling rigs, equipment and materials, costs of 
title examinations, logging, cementing, fracturing, casing, meters (other 
than utility purchase meters), connection facilities, salt water collection 
tanks, exchangers, compressors, holding tanks, separators, siphon string, 
rabbit, tubing, and gathering lines in connection with a natural gas well, 
and geological, geophysical and engineering services. After each initial 
well or additional well is drilled and completed under this Agreement, on 
request Operator shall prepare and deliver to the Developer an amended AFE 
that sets forth the allocation between Intangible Drilling Costs and 
Tangible Costs (as those terms are defined in Section 4(b), below, for the 
well based on the actual costs to drill and complete the well.
 
  	(b) 	Payment. The Developer shall pay to Operator on execution of this 
Agreement, in proportion to the share of the Working Interest owned by the 
Developer in the wells, one hundred percent (100%) of the estimated 
Intangible Drilling Costs and Tangible Costs, as those terms are defined 
below, for drilling and completing all initial wells. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, any payment from Atlas to Operator for its share of the 
Developers payments to Operator under this Section 4 as the Managing 
General Partner of the Developer shall be paid within five (5) business 
days of notice from Operator that the costs have been incurred.

The Developers payment shall be nonrefundable in all events in order to 
enable Operator to do the following:
 
  	(i) 	commence site preparation for the initial wells;
 
  	(ii) 	obtain suitable subcontractors for drilling and completing or 
plugging the initial wells at currently prevailing prices; and
 
  	(iii) 	insure the availability of equipment and materials.

For purposes of this Agreement, Intangible Drilling Costs or IDCs shall 
mean those expenditures associated with property acquisition and the 
drilling and completion of oil and natural gas wells that under present law 
are generally accepted as fully deductible currently for federal income tax 
purposes. This includes:
 
  	(i) 	all expenditures made with respect to any well before the 
establishment of production in commercial quantities for wages, fuel, 
repairs, hauling, supplies and other costs and expenses incident to and 
necessary for the drilling of the well and the preparation of the well for 
the production of oil or natural gas, that are currently deductible 
pursuant to Section 263(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the Code), and Treasury Reg. Section 1.612-4, which are generally termed 
intangible drilling and development costs;
 
  	(ii) 	the expense of plugging and abandoning any well before a 
completion attempt; and
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(iii) 	the costs (other than Tangible Costs and Lease acquisition costs) 
to re-enter and deepen an existing well, complete the well to deeper 
formations or reservoirs, or plug and abandon the well if it is 
nonproductive from the targeted deeper formations or reservoirs.

Tangible Costs shall mean those costs associated with property 
acquisition and the drilling and completion of oil and natural gas wells 
that are generally accepted as capital expenditures pursuant to the 
provisions of the Code. This includes:
 
  	(i) 	all costs of equipment, parts and items of hardware used in 
drilling and completing (or plugging) a well;
 
  	(ii) 	the costs (other than IDCs and Lease acquisition costs) to 
re-enter and deepen an existing well, complete the well to deeper 
formations or reservoirs, or plug and abandon the well if it is 
nonproductive from the targeted deeper formations or reservoirs; and
 
  	(iii) 	those items necessary to deliver acceptable oil and natural gas 
production to purchasers to the extent installed downstream from the 
wellhead of any well, which are required to be capitalized under the Code 
and its regulations.

With respect to each additional well drilled on the Additional Well 
Locations, if any, the Developer shall pay to Operator, in proportion to 
the share of the Working Interest owned by the Developer in the wells, one 
hundred percent (100%) of the estimated IDCs and Tangible Costs for 
drilling and completing the well on execution of the applicable addendum 
pursuant to Section l(c) above. The Developers payment shall be 
nonrefundable in all events in order to enable Operator to do the 
following:
 
  	(i) 	commence site preparation for the additional wells;
 
  	(ii) 	obtain suitable subcontractors for drilling and completing the 
additional wells at currently prevailing prices; and
 
  	(iii) 	insure the availability of equipment and materials.

Developer shall pay, in proportion to the share of the Working Interest 
owned by the Developer in the wells, any extra costs incurred for each well 
pursuant to sub-section (a) above within ten (10) business days of its 
receipt of Operators statement for the extra costs.
 
  	(c) 	Completion Determination. Operator shall determine whether or not 
to run the production casing for an attempted completion or to plug and 
abandon any well drilled under this Agreement. However, a well shall be 
completed only if Operator has made a good faith determination that there 
is a reasonable possibility of obtaining commercial quantities of oil or 
natural gas.
 
  	(d) 	Dry Hole Determination. If Operator determines at any time during 
the drilling or attempted completion of any well drilled under this 
Agreement, in accordance with the generally accepted and customary oil and 
natural gas field practices and techniques then prevailing in the 
geographic area of the Well Location that the well should not be completed, 
then it shall promptly and properly plug and abandon the well.
 
  	(e) 	Excess Funds and Cost Overruns  Intangible Drilling Costs. Any 
estimated IDCs set forth on the AFE Exhibit and prepaid by Developer with 
respect to any well that exceed Operators actual price specified in 
sub-section (a) above for the IDCs of the well shall be retained by 
Operator and shall be applied, in proportion to the share of the Working 
Interest owned by the Developer in the well, to:
 
  	(i) 	the IDCs of an additional well or wells to be drilled on the 
Additional Well Locations; or
 
  	(ii) 	any cost overruns owed by the Developer to Operator for IDCs on 
one or more of the other wells on the Well Locations.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Conversely, if Operators actual price specified in sub-section (a) above 
for the IDCs of any well exceeds the estimated IDCs set forth on the AFE 
Exhibit that were prepaid by Developer for the well, then:
 
  	(i) 	Developer shall pay the additional price to Operator within ten 
(10) business days after notice from Operator that the additional amount is 
due and owing; or
 
  	(ii) 	Developer and Operator may agree to delete or reduce Developers 
Working Interest in the well or one or more of the other wells to be 
drilled under this Agreement to provide funds to pay the additional amounts 
owed by Developer to Operator. If doing so results in any excess prepaid 
IDCs, then the excess shall be applied, in proportion to the share of the 
Working Interest owned by the Developer in the wells, to:
 
  	(a) 	the IDCs of an additional well to be drilled on the Additional Well 
Locations; or
 
  	(b) 	any cost overruns owed by the Developer to Operator for IDCs on one 
or more of the other wells on the Well Locations.

The Exhibits to this Agreement with respect to the affected wells shall be 
amended as appropriate.
 
  	(f) 	Excess Funds and Cost Overruns  Tangible Costs. Any estimated 
Tangible Costs set forth on the AFE Exhibit and prepaid by Developer with 
respect to any well that exceed Operators actual price specified in 
sub-section (a) above for the Tangible Costs of the well shall be retained 
by Operator and shall be applied, in proportion to the share of the Working 
Interest owned by the Developer in the well, to:
 
  	(i) 	the Developers share of the Tangible Costs or IDCs for an 
additional well or wells to be drilled on the Additional Well Locations; or
 
  	(ii) 	any cost overruns owed by the Developer to Operator for the 
Developers Participants share of the Tangible Costs or IDCs of one or 
more of the other wells on the Well Locations.

Conversely, subject to (iii) below, if Operators actual price specified in 
sub-section (a) above for the Developers Participants share of the 
Tangible Costs of any well (i.e., the actual Tangible Costs) exceeds the 
estimated Tangible Costs set forth on the AFE Exhibit that were prepaid by 
Developer for the Developers share of the Tangible Costs for the well, 
then:
 
  	(i) 	Developer shall pay the additional price to Operator within ten 
(10) business days after notice from Operator that the additional amount is 
due and owing; or
 
  	(ii) 	Developer and Operator may agree to delete or reduce Developers 
Working Interest in the well or one or more of the other wells to be 
drilled under this Agreement to provide funds to pay the additional amounts 
owed by Developer to Operator. If doing so results in any excess prepaid 
Tangible Costs, then the excess shall be applied, in proportion to the 
share of the Working Interest owned by the Developer in the wells, to:
 
  	(a) 	the Tangible Costs or IDCs of an additional well or wells to be 
drilled on the Additional Well Locations; or
 
  	(b) 	any cost overruns owed by the Developer to Operator for the 
Tangible Costs or IDCs of one or more of the other wells on the Well 
Locations; and
 
  	(iii) 	
the Developers Participants share of the Tangible Costs, in the 
aggregate, of all of the wells drilled under this Agreement and any 
additional wells to be drilled on the Additional Well Locations under any 
Addendum to this Agreement shall not exceed six percent (6%) of the total 
price prepaid by Developer to Operator pursuant to Section 4(b) of this 
Agreement or any Addendum hereto and the Developers Managing General 
Partner shall pay all remaining Tangible Costs owed by Developer
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 to Operator, provided, however, that the Developers Participants 
share of the Tangible Costs of any one well drilled under this Agreement 
shall be determined by taking into account the Developers Participants 
share of all of the Tangible Costs of all of the wells to be drilled under 
this Agreement and any Addendum hereto.

The Exhibits to this Agreement with respect to the affected wells shall be 
amended as appropriate.
 
5. 	Title Examination of Well Locations; Developers Acceptance and 
Liability; Additional Well Locations.
 
  	(a) 	Title Examination of Well Locations, Developers Acceptance and 
Liability. The Developer acknowledges that Operator has furnished Developer 
with the title opinions identified on Exhibit A, and other documents and 
information that Developer or its counsel has requested in order to 
determine the adequacy of the title to the Initial Well Locations and 
leased premises subject to this Agreement. The Developer accepts the title 
to the Initial Well Locations and leased premises and acknowledges and 
agrees that, except for any loss, expense, cost, or liability caused by the 
breach of any of the warranties and representations made by the Operator in 
Section l(b), any loss, expense, cost or liability whatsoever caused by or 
related to any defect or failure of the Developers title shall be the sole 
responsibility of and shall be borne entirely by the Developer.
 
  	(b) 	Additional Well Locations. Before beginning drilling of any well on 
any Additional Well Location, Operator shall conduct, or cause to be 
conducted, a title examination of the Additional Well Location, in order to 
obtain appropriate abstracts, opinions and certificates and other 
information necessary to determine the adequacy of title to both the 
applicable Lease and the fee title of the lessor to the premises covered by 
the Lease. The results of the title examination and such other information 
as is necessary to determine the adequacy of title for drilling purposes 
shall be submitted to the Developer for its review and acceptance. No 
drilling on the Additional Well Location shall begin until the title has 
been accepted in writing by the Developer or Developer has otherwise 
authorized the drilling on the Additional Well Location. After any title 
has been accepted by the Developer or drilling on the Additional Well 
Location has begun, any loss, expense, cost, or liability whatsoever, 
caused by or related to any defect or failure of the Developers title 
shall be the sole responsibility of and shall be borne entirely by the 
Developer, unless such loss, expense, cost, or liability was caused by the 
breach of any of the warranties and representations made by the Operator in 
Section l(b).
 
6. 	Operations Subsequent to Completion of the Wells; Fee Adjustments; 
Extraordinary Costs; Pipelines; Price Determinations; Plugging and 
Abandonment.
 
  	(a) 	Operations Subsequent to Completion of the Wells. Beginning with 
the month in which a well drilled under this Agreement begins to produce, 
Operator shall be entitled to an operating fee at a competitive rate in the 
area where the well is situated, which is $1,000 per month for each 
productive vertical well in the Marble Falls primary area in north-central 
Texas, $1,500 per month for each productive horizontal well in the 
Marcellus Shale primary area in northeastern Pennsylvania, $2,000 per month 
per each productive horizontal well in the Mississippi Lime primary area in 
northern Oklahoma, and $2,000 per month for each productive horizontal well 
in the Utica Shale primary area in eastern Ohio. The operating fees shall 
be proportionately reduced, on a well-by-well basis to the extent the 
Developer owns less than 100% of the Working Interest in a well. The 
operating fees shall be in lieu of any direct charges by Operator for its 
services or the provision by Operator of its equipment for normal 
superintendence and maintenance of the wells and related pipelines and 
facilities.

The operating fees shall cover all normal, regularly recurring operating 
expenses for the production, delivery and sale of natural gas, including 
without limitation:
 
  	(i) 	well tending, routine maintenance and adjustment;
 
  	(ii) 	reading meters, recording production, pumping, maintaining 
appropriate books and records;
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(iii) 	preparing reports to the Developer and government agencies; and
 
  	(iv) 	collecting and disbursing revenues.

The operating fees shall not cover costs and expenses related to the 
following:
 
  	(i) 	the production and sale of oil;
 
  	(ii) 	the collection, transportation, treatment, and disposal of salt 
water or other liquids or waste produced by the wells;
 
  	(iii) 	the rebuilding of access roads; and
 
  	(iv) 	the purchase of equipment, materials or third-party services;

which, subject to the provisions of sub-section (c) of this Section 6, 
shall be invoiced by Operator to the Developer on a monthly basis, and 
shall be paid by the Developer within ten (10) business days after notice 
from Operator that the additional amounts are due and owing in proportion 
to the share of the Working Interest owned by the Developer in the wells.

Any well that is temporarily abandoned or shut-in continuously for an 
entire calendar month shall not be considered a producing well for purposes 
of determining the number of wells in the month subject to the operating 
fee.
 
  	(b) 	Fee Adjustments. The monthly operating fee set forth in sub-section 
(a) above may be adjusted by Operator annually, as of the first day of 
January (the Adjustment Date) of each year, beginning January 1, 2014. 
This adjustment, if any, shall not exceed the percentage increase in the 
average weekly earnings of Crude Petroleum, Natural Gas, and Natural Gas 
Liquids workers, as published by the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of 
Labor Statistics, and shown in Employment and Earnings Publication, Monthly 
Establishment Data, Hours and Earning Statistical Table C-2, Index Average 
Weekly Earnings of Crude Petroleum, Natural Gas, and Natural Gas Liquids 
workers, SIC Code #131-2, or any successor index thereto, since January l, 
2013, in the case of the first adjustment, and since the previous 
Adjustment Date, in the case of each subsequent adjustment.

In addition, the monthly operating fee set forth in sub-section (a) above 
for any given well or wells being operated under this Agreement may be 
increased beyond the annual adjustment described in the prior paragraph 
without advance notice to the Developer, from time-to-time, to the 
competitive rate in the area where the well(s) are situated, as determined 
by the Operator in its sole discretion.
 
  	(c) 	Extraordinary Costs. Without the prior written consent of the 
Developer, pursuant to a written estimate submitted by Operator, Operator 
shall not undertake any single project or incur any extraordinary cost with 
respect to any well being produced under this Agreement that is reasonably 
estimated to result in an expenditure of more than $50,000, unless the 
project or extraordinary cost is necessary for the following:
 
  	(i) 	to safeguard persons or property; or
 
  	(ii) 	to protect the well or related facilities in the event of a sudden 
emergency.

In no event, however, shall the Developer be required to pay for any 
project or extraordinary cost arising from the negligence or misconduct of 
Operator, its agents, servants, employees, subcontractors, licensees, or 
invitees.

All extraordinary costs incurred and the cost of projects undertaken under 
this section with respect to a well being produced under this Agreement 
shall be billed to the Developer at the invoice cost of third-party 
services performed or materials purchased together with a reasonable and 
competitive charge by Operator
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
for any services performed directly by it or its Affiliates, in proportion 
to the share of the Working Interest owned by the Developer in the well. 
Operator shall have the right to require the Developer to pay in advance 
all or a portion of the estimated costs of a project undertaken under this 
section, before undertaking the project, in proportion to the share of the 
Working Interest owned by the Developer in the well or wells.
 
  	(d) 	Pipelines. Subject to Section 2 (d) relating to Developers 
interest in gathering lines for the wells, Developer shall have no interest 
in any natural gas pipeline and gathering system or processing plant, 
including but not limited to gathering systems and processing plants owned 
by the Operator or its Affiliates. Also, Developer shall not be charged any 
cost or expense for the construction, expansion or maintenance of those 
pipeline and gathering systems or processing plants.
 
  	(e) 	Price Determinations. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to 
the contrary, the Developer shall pay all costs in proportion to the share 
of the Working Interest owned by the Developer in the wells with respect to 
obtaining price determinations under and otherwise complying with the 
Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 and the implementing state regulations. This 
responsibility shall include, without limitation, preparing, filing, and 
executing all applications, affidavits, interim collection notices, reports 
and other documents necessary or appropriate to obtain price certification, 
to effect sales of natural gas, or otherwise to comply with the Act and the 
implementing state regulations.

Operator agrees to furnish the information and render the assistance as the 
Developer may reasonably request in order to comply with the Act and the 
implementing state regulations without charge for services performed by its 
employees.
 
  	(f) 	Plugging and Abandonment. The Developer shall have the right to 
direct Operator to plug and abandon any well that has been completed under 
this Agreement as a producer. In addition, notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Agreement, Operator shall not plug and abandon any well 
that has been drilled and completed as a producer under this Agreement 
before obtaining the written consent of the Developer. In this regard, if 
the Operator determines that any well drilled and completed under this 
Agreement as a producer shall be plugged and abandoned in accordance with 
the generally accepted and customary oil and natural gas field practices 
and techniques then prevailing in the geographic area of the well location, 
and makes a written request to the Developer for authority to plug and 
abandon the well and the Developer fails to respond in writing to the 
request within forty-five (45) days following the date of the request, then 
the Developer shall be deemed to have consented to the plugging and 
abandonment of the well.

All costs and expenses related to plugging and abandoning wells that have 
been drilled and completed under this Agreement as producing wells shall be 
borne and paid by the Developer in proportion to the share of the Working 
Interest owned by the Developer in the wells. Also, at any time after one 
(1) year from the date each well drilled and completed under this Agreement 
is placed into production, Operator shall have the right to deduct each 
month from the Developers share of the proceeds of the sale of the 
production from the well up to $200 for the purpose of establishing a fund 
to cover the Operators estimate of the Developers share of the costs of 
eventually plugging and abandoning the well. All of these funds shall be 
deposited by Operator in a separate interest bearing escrow account for the 
account of the Developer, and the total amount so retained and deposited 
shall not exceed Operators reasonable estimate of Developers share of the 
costs of eventually plugging and abandoning the well.
 
7. 	Billing and Payment Procedure with Respect to Operation of Wells; 
Disbursements; Separate Account for Sale Proceeds; Records and Reports; 
Additional Information.
 
  	(a) 	Billing and Payment Procedure with Respect to Operation of Wells. 
Operator shall promptly and timely pay and discharge on behalf of the 
Developer, in proportion to the share of the Working Interest owned by the 
Developer in the wells, the following:
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(i) 	all expenses and liabilities payable and incurred by reason of its 
operation of the wells in accordance with this Agreement, such as severance 
taxes, royalties, overriding royalties, operating fees, and pipeline 
gathering charges; and
 
  	(ii) 	any third-party invoices received by Operator with respect to the 
Developers share of the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the 
operation of the wells.

Operator, however, shall not be required to pay and discharge any of the 
above costs and expenses that are being contested in good faith by 
Operator.

Operator shall:
 
  	(i) 	deduct the foregoing costs and expenses from the Developers share 
of the proceeds of the oil and/or natural gas sold from the wells; and
 
  	(ii) 	keep an accurate record of the Developers account, showing 
expenses incurred and charges and credits made and received with respect to 
each well.

If the Developers share of the proceeds of the oil and/or natural gas sold 
from the wells is insufficient to pay the costs and expenses, then Operator 
shall promptly and timely pay and discharge the costs and expenses 
described above, in proportion to the share of the Working Interest owned 
by the Developer in the wells, and prepare and submit an invoice to the 
Developer each month for those costs and expenses. The invoice shall be 
accompanied by the form of statement specified in sub-section (b) below, 
and shall be paid by the Developer within ten (10) business days of its 
receipt.
 
  	(b) 	Disbursements. Operator shall disburse to the Developer, on a 
monthly basis, the Developers share of the proceeds received from the sale 
of oil and/or natural gas sold from the wells operated under this 
Agreement, less:
 
  	(i) 	the amounts charged to the Developer under sub-section (a); and
 
  	(ii) 	the amount, if any, withheld by Operator for future plugging costs 
pursuant to sub-section (f) of Section 6.

Each disbursement made and/or invoice submitted to the Developer pursuant 
to sub-section (a) above shall be accompanied by a statement from the 
Operator itemizing with respect to each well:
 
  	(i) 	the total production of oil and/or natural gas since the date of 
the last disbursement or invoice billing period, as the case may be, and 
the Developers share of the production;
 
  	(ii) 	the total proceeds received from any sale of the production, and 
the Developers share of the proceeds;
 
  	(iii) 	the costs and expenses deducted from the proceeds and/or being 
billed to the Developer pursuant to sub-section (a) above;
 
  	(iv) 	the amount withheld for future plugging costs; and
 
  	(v) 	any other information as Developer may reasonably request, 
including without limitation copies of all third-party invoices listed on 
the statement for the period.
 
  	(c) 	Separate Account for Sale Proceeds. Operator agrees to deposit all 
proceeds from the sale of oil and/or natural gas sold from the wells 
operated under this Agreement in a separate checking account maintained by 
Operator. This account shall be used solely for the purpose of collecting 
and disbursing funds constituting proceeds from the sale of production 
under this Agreement.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(d) 	Records and Reports. In addition to the statements required under 
sub-section (b) above, within seventy-five (75) days after the completion 
or plugging and abandoning of each well drilled under this Agreement, 
Operator shall furnish the Developer with a detailed statement itemizing 
the total costs and charges of the well under Section 4(a) and the 
Developers share of the costs and charges, and any other information as is 
necessary to enable the Developer:
 
  	(i) 	to allocate any extra costs incurred with respect to the well 
between Tangible Costs and Intangible Drilling Costs; and
 
  	(ii) 	to determine the amount of the investment tax credit or marginal 
well production tax credit, if applicable.
 
  	(e) 	Additional Information. Operator shall promptly furnish the 
Developer with any additional information as it may reasonably request, 
including without limitation geological, geophysical, technical, and 
financial information, in the form as may reasonably be requested, 
pertaining to any phase of the operations and activities governed by this 
Agreement. The Developer and its authorized employees, agents and 
consultants, including independent accountants shall, at Developers sole 
cost and expense:
 
  	(i) 	on at least ten (10) days written notice to Operator have access 
during normal business hours to all of Operators records pertaining to 
operations under this Agreement, including without limitation, the right to 
audit the books of account of Operator relating to all receipts, costs, 
charges, expenses and disbursements and information regarding the separate 
account required under sub-section (c); and
 
  	(ii) 	have access, at its sole risk, to any wells drilled by Operator 
under this Agreement at all times to inspect and observe any machinery, 
equipment and operations.
 
8. 	Operators Lien; Right to Collect From Oil or Gas Purchaser.
 
  	(a) 	Operators Lien. To secure the payment of all sums due from 
Developer to Operator under this Agreement, the Developer grants Operator a 
first and preferred lien on, and security interest in, the following:
 
  	(i) 	the Developers interest in the Leases covered by this Agreement;
 
  	(ii) 	the Developers interest in oil and natural gas produced under 
this Agreement and its share of the proceeds from the sale of the oil and 
natural gas; and
 
  	(iii) 	the Developers interest in materials and equipment under this 
Agreement.
 
  	(b) 	Right to Collect From Oil or Natural Gas Purchaser. If the 
Developer fails to timely pay any amount owing under this Agreement by it 
to the Operator, then Operator, without prejudice to other existing 
remedies, may collect and retain from any purchaser or purchasers of oil or 
natural gas the Developers share of the proceeds from the sale of the oil 
and natural gas until the amount owed by the Developer, plus twelve percent 
(12%) interest on a per annum basis, and any additional costs (including 
without limitation actual attorneys fees and costs) resulting from the 
delinquency, has been paid. Each purchaser of oil or natural gas shall be 
entitled to rely without inquiry on Operators written statement concerning 
the amount of any default.
 
9. 	Successors and Assigns; Transfers; Appointment of Agent.
 
  	(a) 	
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the 
benefit of the undersigned parties and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns. However, without the prior written consent of the 
Developer the Operator may not assign, transfer, pledge, mortgage, 
hypothecate, sell or otherwise
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 dispose of any of its interest in this Agreement, or any of its rights 
or obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding, this consent shall 
not be required in connection with:
 
  	(i) 	the assignment of work to be performed for Operator to 
subcontractors, it being understood and agreed, however, that any 
assignment to Operators subcontractors shall not in any manner relieve or 
release Operator from any of its obligations and responsibilities under 
this Agreement;
 
  	(ii) 	any lien, assignment, security interest, pledge or mortgage 
arising under Operators present or future financing arrangements; or
 
  	(iii) 	the liquidation, merger, consolidation, or other corporate 
reorganization or sale of substantially all of the assets of Operator.

Further, in order to maintain uniformity of ownership in the wells, 
production, equipment, and leasehold interests covered by this Agreement, 
and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, 
the Developer shall not, without the prior written consent of Operator, 
sell, assign, transfer, encumber, mortgage or otherwise dispose of any of 
its interest in the wells, production, equipment, leasehold interests, or 
drilling rights covered by this Agreement unless the disposition 
encompasses either:
 
  	(i) 	the entire interest of the Developer in all wells, production, 
equipment and leasehold interests and drilling rights subject to this 
Agreement; or
 
  	(ii) 	an equal undivided interest in all such wells, production, 
equipment, leasehold interests, and drilling rights.
 
  	(b) 	Transfers. Subject to the provisions of sub-section (a) above, any 
sale, encumbrance, transfer or other disposition made by the Developer of 
its interests in the wells, production, equipment, leasehold interests, and 
drilling rights covered by this Agreement shall be made:
 
  	(i) 	expressly subject to this Agreement;
 
  	(ii) 	without prejudice to the rights of the Operator; and
 
  	(iii) 	in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Leases 
covering the Well Locations.
 
  	(c) 	Appointment of Agent. If at any time the interest of the Developer 
is divided among or owned by co-owners, Operator may, in its discretion, 
require the Developer to appoint a single trustee or agent with full 
authority to do the following:
 
  	(i) 	receive notices, reports and distributions of the proceeds from 
production;
 
  	(ii) 	approve expenditures;
 
  	(iii) 	receive billings for and approve and pay all costs, expenses and 
liabilities incurred under this Agreement;
 
  	(iv) 	exercise any rights granted to the Developer under this Agreement;
 
  	(v) 	grant any approvals or authorizations required or contemplated by 
this Agreement;
 
  	(vi) 	sign, execute, certify, acknowledge, file and/or record any 
agreements, contracts, instruments, reports, or documents whatsoever in 
connection with this Agreement or the activities contemplated by this 
Agreement; and
 
  	(vii) 	deal generally with, and with power to bind, the Developer with 
respect to all activities and operations contemplated by this Agreement.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
However, the Developer shall continue to have the right to enter into and 
execute all contracts or agreements for its share of the oil and natural 
gas produced from the wells drilled under this Agreement in accordance with 
sub-section (c) of Section 11.
 
10. 	Operators Insurance; Subcontractors Insurance; Operators Liability.
 
  	(a) 	Operators Insurance. Operator shall obtain and maintain at its own 
expense, so long as it is Operator under this Agreement, all required 
Workmens Compensation Insurance and comprehensive general public liability 
insurance in amounts and coverage not less than $1,000,000 per person per 
occurrence for personal injury or death and $1,000,000 for property damage 
per occurrence, which shall include coverage for blow-outs as well as total 
liability coverage of not less than $10,000,000.

Subject to the above limits, the Operators general public liability 
insurance shall be in all respects comparable to that generally maintained 
in the industry with respect to services of the type to be rendered and 
activities of the type to be conducted under this Agreement. Operators 
general public liability insurance shall, if permitted by Operators 
insurance carrier:
 
  	(i) 	name the Developer as an additional insured party; and
 
  	(ii) 	provide that at least thirty (30) days prior notice of 
cancellation and any other adverse material change in the policy shall be 
given to the Developer.

However, the Developer shall reimburse Operator for the additional cost, if 
any, of including it as an additional insured party under the Operators 
insurance.

Current copies of all policies or certificates of the Operators insurance 
coverage shall be delivered to the Developer on request. It is understood 
and agreed that Operators insurance coverage may not adequately protect 
the interests of the Developer and that the Developer shall carry at its 
expense the excess or additional general public liability, property damage, 
and other insurance, if any, as the Developer deems appropriate.
 
  	(b) 	Subcontractors Insurance. Operator shall require all of its 
subcontractors to carry all required Workmens Compensation Insurance and 
to maintain such other insurance, if any, as Operator in its discretion may 
require.
 
  	(c) 	Operators Liability. Operators liability to the Developer as 
Operator under this Agreement shall be limited to, and Developer shall 
indemnify the Operator and hold it harmless from, claims, penalties, 
liabilities, obligations, charges, losses, costs, damages, or expenses 
(including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees), as provided in 
§4.05 of the Developers Partnership Agreement.
 
11. 	Internal Revenue Code Election; Relationship of Parties; Right to Take 
Production in Kind.
 
  	(a) 	Internal Revenue Code Election. With respect to this Agreement, 
each of the parties elects under Section 761(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, to be excluded from the provisions of Subchapter 
K of Chapter 1 of Subtitle A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended. If the income tax laws of the state or states in which the wells 
covered by this Agreement are located contain, or may subsequently contain, 
a similar election, each of the parties agrees that the election shall be 
exercised.

Beginning with the first taxable year of operations under this Agreement, 
each party agrees that the deemed election provided by Section 
1.761-2(b)(2)(ii) of the Regulations under the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, will apply; and no party will file an application under 
Section 1.761-2 (b)(3)(i) of the Regulations to revoke the election. Each 
party agrees to execute the documents and make the filings with the 
appropriate governmental authorities as may be necessary to effect the 
election.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	Relationship of Parties. It is not the intention of the parties to 
create, nor shall this Agreement be construed as creating, a mining or 
other partnership or association or to render the parties liable as 
partners or joint venturers for any purpose. Operator shall be deemed to be 
an independent contractor and shall perform its obligations as set forth in 
this Agreement.
 
  	(c) 	Right to Take Production in Kind. Subject to the provisions of 
Section 8 above and this Section 11, the Developer shall have the exclusive 
right to execute all contracts relating to the sale or disposition of its 
proportionate share of the production from the wells drilled under this 
Agreement and sell or dispose of its proportionate share of all oil and 
natural gas produced from the wells to be drilled under this Agreement, 
exclusive of production:
 
  	(i) 	that may be used in development and producing operations;
 
  	(ii) 	unavoidably lost; and
 
  	(iii) 	used to fulfill any free natural gas obligations under the terms 
of the applicable Lease or Leases.

Except as provided below, Operator shall not have any right to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Developers share of the oil and natural gas.

Developer shall have no interest in any natural gas or oil supply 
agreements of Operator, except the right to receive Developers share of 
the proceeds received from the sale of any natural gas or oil from wells 
developed under this Agreement. The Developer agrees to designate Operator 
or Operators designated bank agent as the Developers collection agent in 
any contracts. On request, Operator shall assist Developer in arranging the 
sale or disposition of Developers oil and natural gas under this Agreement 
and shall promptly provide the Developer with all relevant information that 
comes to Operators attention regarding opportunities for selling 
production.

If Developer fails to take in kind or separately dispose of its 
proportionate share of the oil and natural gas produced under this 
Agreement, then Operator shall have the right, subject to the revocation at 
will by the Developer, but not the obligation, to purchase the oil and 
natural gas or sell it to others at any time and from time to time, for the 
account of the Developer at the best price obtainable in the area for the 
production. Notwithstanding, Operator shall have no liability to Developer 
should Operator fail to market the production.

Any such purchase or sale by Operator shall be subject always to the right 
of the Developer to exercise at any time its right to take in-kind, or 
separately dispose of, its share of oil and natural gas not previously 
delivered to a purchaser. Any purchase or sale by Operator of the 
Developers share of oil and natural gas under this Agreement shall be only 
for reasonable periods of time as are consistent with the minimum needs of 
the oil and natural gas industry under the particular circumstances, but in 
no event for a period in excess of one (1) year.
 
12. 	Effect of Force Majeure; Definition of Force Majeure; Limitation.
 
  	(a) 	Effect of Force Majeure. If Operator is rendered unable, wholly or 
in part, by force majeure (as defined below) to carry out any of its 
obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to beginning 
the drilling of one or more wells by the applicable times set forth in 
Section 2(b) or any Addendum to this Agreement, the obligations of the 
Operator, so far as it is affected by the force majeure, shall be suspended 
during, but no longer than, the continuance of the force majeure. The 
Operator shall give the Developer prompt written notice of the force 
majeure with reasonably full particulars concerning it. Operator shall use 
all reasonable diligence to remove the force majeure as quickly as possible 
to the extent the same is within its reasonable control.
 
  	(b) 	
Definition of Force Majeure. The term force majeure shall mean an act of 
God, strike, lockout, or other industrial disturbance, act of the public 
enemy, war, terrorist acts, blockade, public riot, lightning,
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 fire, storm, flood, explosion, governmental restraint, unavailability 
of drilling rigs, equipment or materials, plant shut-downs, curtailments by 
oil and natural gas purchasers and any other causes whether of the kind 
specifically enumerated above or otherwise, which directly preclude 
Operators performance under this Agreement and are not reasonably within 
the control of the Operator including, but not limited to, the inability of 
Operator to begin the drilling of the wells subject to this Agreement by 
the applicable times set forth in Section 2(b) or in any Addendum to this 
Agreement due to decisions of third-party operators to delay drilling the 
wells, poor weather conditions, inability to obtain drilling permits, 
access rights to the drilling site or title problems.
 
  	(c) 	Limitation. The requirement that any force majeure shall be 
remedied with all reasonable dispatch shall not require the settlement of 
strikes, lockouts, or other labor difficulty affecting the Operator 
contrary to its wishes. The method of handling these difficulties shall be 
entirely within the discretion of the Operator.
 
13. 	Term.

This Agreement shall become effective when executed by Operator and the 
Developer. Except as provided in sub-section (c) of Section 3, this 
Agreement shall continue and remain in full force and effect for the 
productive lives of each well being operated under this Agreement.
 
14. 	Governing Law; Invalidity.
 
  	(a) 	Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of 
Pennsylvania, excluding its conflict of law provisions.
 
  	(b) 	Invalidity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular 
provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions of this 
Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if the 
invalid or unenforceable provision were omitted.
 
15. 	Integration; Written Amendment.
 
  	(a) 	Integration. This Agreement and the Exhibits to this Agreement 
constitute and represent the entire understanding and agreement of the 
parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersede 
all prior negotiations, understandings, agreements, and representations 
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
 
  	(b) 	Written Amendment. No change, waiver, modification, or amendment of 
this Agreement shall be binding or of any effect unless in writing duly 
signed by the party against which the change, waiver, modification, or 
amendment is sought to be enforced.
 
16. 	Waiver of Default or Breach.

No waiver by any party to any default of or breach by any other party under 
this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any future default or breach, 
whether of like or different character or nature.
 
17. 	Notices.

Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices, statements, 
requests, or demands that are required or contemplated by this Agreement 
shall be in writing and shall be hand-delivered or sent by registered or 
certified mail, postage prepaid, to the following addresses until a partys 
address is changed by certified or registered letter so addressed to the 
other party:
 
  	(i) 	If to the Operator, to:

Atlas Resources, LLC
Park Place Corporate Center One
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1000 Commerce Drive, 4th Floor
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15275
Attention: President
 
  	(ii) 	If to Developer, to:

Atlas Resources Series 33-2013 L.P.
c/o Atlas Resources, LLC
Park Place Corporate Center One
1000 Commerce Drive, 4th Floor
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15275

Notices that are served by registered or certified mail on the parties in 
the manner provided above shall be deemed sufficiently served or given for 
all purposes under this Agreement at the time the notice is hand-delivered 
or mailed in any post office or branch post office regularly maintained by 
the United States Postal Service or any successor. All payments shall be 
hand-delivered or sent by United States mail, postage prepaid to the 
addresses set forth above until a partys address is changed by certified 
or registered letter so addressed to the other party.
 
18. 	Interpretation.

The titles of the Sections in this Agreement are for convenience of 
reference only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction 
of any of the terms and provisions of this Agreement. As used in this 
Agreement, the plural shall include the singular and the singular shall 
include the plural whenever appropriate.
 
19. 	Counterparts.

The parties may execute this Agreement in any number of separate 
counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered by the parties, 
shall have the force and effect of an original; but all counterparts of 
this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as 
of the day and year first above written.
 
OPERATOR:
  	 	  	ATLAS RESOURCES, LLC
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Matthew Jones
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	
 
DEVELOPER:
  	 	  	
ATLAS RESOURCES SERIES 33-2013 L.P.
 
By its Managing General Partner:
ATLAS RESOURCES, LLC
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Freddie M. Kotek
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
DESCRIPTION OF LEASES AND INITIAL WELL LOCATIONS

[To be completed as information becomes available]
 
1. 	WELL LOCATION
 
  	(a) 	Oil and Gas Lease from ______________________________________ dated 
_____________________ and recorded in Deed Book Volume __________, Page 
__________ in the Recorders Office of County, ____________, covering 
approximately _________ acres in ____________________________ Township, 
___________________ County, __________________________.
 
  	(b) 	The portion of the leasehold estate constituting the 
____________________________________________ No. __________ Well Location 
is described on the map attached hereto as Exhibit A-l.
 
  	(c) 	Title Opinion of _________________________________, 
____________________________________, 
________________________________________, 
________________________________________, dated ___________________, 
20____.
 
  	(d) 	The Developers interest in the oil and gas leasehold estate 
constituting this Well Location is an undivided         % Working Interest, 
subject to the landowners royalty interest, overriding royalty interests 
and any other exceptions and burdens described in the Title Opinion.
 
Exhibit A

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well Name, Twp.
County, State


ASSIGNMENT OF OIL AND NATURAL GAS LEASE

STATE/COMMONWEALTH OF _______________________________

COUNTY OF _____________________________


KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

THAT the undersigned _________________________________ (collectively, 
hereinafter called Assignor), for and in consideration of One Dollar and 
other valuable consideration ($1.00 ovc), the receipt and adequacy of which 
is hereby acknowledged, does hereby sell, assign, transfer and set over 
unto _________________________________ (hereinafter called Assignee), an 
undivided _____________________________ in, and to, the oil and natural gas 
lease(s) described as follows:

with respect to the well(s) known as _________________________________, but 
only to the extent described as follows (with all other interests being 
expressly reserved to Assignor) [check one box to show applicability]:
 
☐ 	in the Marble Falls primary area in north-central Texas, approximately 
40 acres for vertical oil wells and approximately 160 acres for vertical 
natural gas wells, and further limited to the deepest depth penetrated at 
the cessation of drilling activities and as adjusted to take into account 
lease boundaries;
 
☐ 	for horizontal wells in the Marcellus Shale primary area in northeastern 
Pennsylvania, the wellbore, plus 125 feet on either side of the center line 
of a lateral in the well, extending from the beginning of the first 
perforation to the end of the last perforation and from the bottom of the 
Tully zone to the bottom of the Marcellus Shale formation, subject to any 
limitations under Pennsylvania law and as adjusted to take into account 
lease boundaries;
 
☐ 	for horizontal wells in the Utica Shale primary area in eastern Ohio, 
the wellbore, plus 125 feet on either side of the center line of a lateral 
in the well, extending from the beginning of the first perforation to the 
end of the last perforation and from the bottom of the Reedsville Shale to 
the top of the Trenton Lime formation, subject to any limitations under 
Ohio law and as adjusted to take into account lease boundaries; and
 
☐ 	for horizontal wells in the Mississippi Lime primary area in northern 
Oklahoma, the wellbore, plus 125 feet on either side of the center line of 
a lateral in the well, extending from the beginning of the first 
perforation to the end of the last perforation and from the bottom of the 
Mississippi Unconformity to the top of the Kinderhook formation, subject to 
any limitations under Oklahoma law and as adjusted to take into account 
lease boundaries.

(EXCEPTIONS:______________________________________________________________________) 
together with the rights incident thereto and the personal property 
thereto, appurtenant thereto, or used, or obtained, in connection 
therewith.
 
Exhibit B
(Page 1)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
And for the same consideration, the Assignor covenants with the said 
Assignee and his or its heirs, successors, or assigns that Assignor is the 
lawful owner of said lease and rights and interest thereunder and of the 
personal property thereon or used in connection therewith; that the 
undersigned has good right and authority to sell and convey the same; and 
that said rights, interest and property are free and clear from all liens 
and encumbrances, and that all rentals and royalties due and payable 
thereunder have been duly paid.


[remainder of page intentionally left blank; signatures appear on following 
page]
 
Exhibit B
(Page 2)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the undersigned 
Assignor has signed and sealed this instrument the ______ day of 
_______________, 20____.
 
Signed and acknowledged in the presence of 	   	
     
     
   	
     
     
   	
     
 
Exhibit B
(Page 3)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ADDENDUM NO. __________

TO DRILLING AND OPERATING AGREEMENT
DATED ___________________, 20__

THIS ADDENDUM NO. __________ made and entered into this ______ day of 
________________, 20__, by and between ATLAS RESOURCES, LLC, a Pennsylvania 
limited liability company (hereinafter referred to as Operator),

and

ATLAS RESOURCES SERIES 33-2013 L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, 
(hereinafter referred to as the Developer).


WITNESSETH THAT:

WHEREAS, Operator and the Developer have entered into a Drilling and 
Operating Agreement dated ___________________, 20__, (the Agreement), 
which relates to the drilling and operating of ________________ (           
 )wells on the ________________ (            ) Initial Well Locations 
identified on the maps attached as Exhibits A-l through A-______ to the 
Agreement, and provides for the development on the terms and conditions set 
forth in the Agreement of Additional Well Locations as the parties may from 
time to time designate; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section l(c) of the Agreement, Operator and Developer 
presently desire to designate ________________ Additional Well Locations 
described below to be developed in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Addendum and intending to be legally bound, the parties agree as follows:

1. Pursuant to Section l(c) of the Agreement, the Developer hereby 
authorizes Operator to drill, complete (or plug) and operate, on the terms 
and conditions set forth in the Agreement and this Addendum No.__________, 
________________ additional wells on the ________________ Additional Well 
Locations described on Exhibit A to this Addendum and on the maps attached 
to this Addendum as Exhibits A-______ through A-______.

2. Operator, as Developers independent contractor, agrees to drill, 
complete (or plug) and operate the additional wells on the Additional Well 
Locations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement and 
further agrees to begin drilling the first additional well within thirty 
(30) days after the date of this Addendum and to begin drilling all of the 
additional wells before the close of the 90th day after the close of the 
calendar year in which the Agreement was entered into by Operator and the 
Developer, or, if this Addendum is dated after that 90 day period, to begin 
drilling the first additional well within thirty (30) days after the date 
of this Addendum and to drill and complete (or plug) all of the remaining 
additional wells by the end of the calendar year in which this Addendum is 
dated.

3. Developer acknowledges that:
 
  	(a) 	Operator has furnished Developer with the title opinions identified 
on Exhibit A to this Addendum; and
 
  	(b) 	such other documents and information which Developer or its counsel 
has requested in order to determine the adequacy of the title to the above 
Additional Well Locations.

The Developer accepts the title to the Additional Well Locations and leased 
premises in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 of the Agreement.

4. The drilling and operation of the additional wells on the Additional 
Well Locations shall be in accordance with and subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Agreement as supplemented by this Addendum No. 
__________ and except as previously supplemented, all terms and conditions 
of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as originally 
written.
 
Exhibit C
(Page 1)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. 	This Addendum No. __________ shall be legally binding on, and shall 
inure to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns.

WITNESS the due execution of this Addendum on the day and year first above 
written.
 
OPERATOR: 	  	 	  	ATLAS RESOURCES, LLC
  	 	  	By 	  	
                                                                            
   
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	
 
DEVELOPER: 	  	 	  	
ATLAS RESOURCES SERIES 33-2013 L.P.
 
By its Managing General Partner:
ATLAS RESOURCES, LLC
  	 	  	By 	  	
                                                                            
   
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	
 
Exhibit C
(Page 2)