 EX-10.1 3 d57614a3exv10w1.htm FORM OF SERVICES AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.1


FORM OF SERVICES AGREEMENT

     This SERVICES AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of [               
     ], 2008 (the Effective Date), is entered into by and between Ascent 
Media Creative Sound Services, Inc., a New York corporation (Company), 
and Ascent Media Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (
Provider).

     WHEREAS Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Sound One 
Corporation and POP Sound, Inc., are engaged primarily in the business of 
providing (i) sound supervision, sound design and sound editorial services 
to create, and supervise the creation of, sound for feature films, 
television content, commercials, movie trailers, and other entertainment 
products, (ii) music composition, supervision, editing, scoring, recording 
and related services, (iii) mixing and re-recording services, including the 
editing and combining of sound effects, dialogue and music, and (iv) 
maintenance of and access to Companys sound effects and music libraries 
(collectively, the Company Business);

     WHEREAS, prior to the restructuring (DHC Restructuring) of Discovery 
Holding Company, a Delaware corporation (DHC), pursuant to the 
Reorganization Agreement dated June 4, 2008 (the Reorganization Agreement
), among DHC, Discovery Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation and 
wholly-owned subsidiary of DHC (New Discovery Holdco), Company, Provider 
and Ascent Media Corporation, a newly-formed Delaware corporation and 
wholly-owned subsidiary of DHC (Spinco), Provider was an indirect 
wholly-owned subsidiary of DHC and Company was a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Provider;

     WHEREAS, in connection with the DHC Restructuring, (i) the ownership 
of Company was restructured such that DHC retained its indirect ownership 
interests in Company but Company was no longer a direct, wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Provider, (ii) the ownership of Provider was restructured 
such that Provider became the wholly-owned subsidiary of Spinco and (iii) 
DHC distributed pro rata to its stockholders all of the issued and 
outstanding capital stock of Spinco, as a result of which distribution 
Spinco became an independent, publicly traded company (the AMG Spinoff);

     WHEREAS Company and Provider have determined that it is in their 
mutual interests for Company to obtain services from Provider in connection 
with the Company Business and for Company to compensate Provider for the 
performance of such services; and

     WHEREAS the parties desire to set forth in this Agreement the services 
to be performed by Provider to Company and the basis upon which Provider 
will be compensated by Company.

     NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as 
follows:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE I

ENGAGEMENT AND SERVICES

     Section 1.1 Engagement. Company hereby engages Provider to provide to 
Company the Services in connection with the Company Business, and Provider 
hereby accepts such engagement, on the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in this Agreement.

     Section 1.2 Services. Subject to Section 3.2 hereof, Provider will 
provide Company with respect to the Company Business services of the types 
described below, or the functional equivalent thereof:

  	(a) 	  	the finance and accounting services described in Schedule 1.2(a) 
hereto;
 
  	(b) 	  	the human resources services described in Schedule 1.2(b) 
hereto;
 
  	(c) 	  	the information technology services described in Schedule 1.2(c) 
hereto;
 
  	(d) 	  	the payroll services described in Schedule 1.2(d) hereto; and
 
  	(e) 	  	the real estate management services described in Schedule 1.2(e) 
hereto;

(all or any services provided by Provider to Company hereunder, 
collectively, the Services).

     Section 1.3 Books and Records; Reporting. Provider will maintain books 
and records regarding provision of the Services to Company pursuant to this 
Agreement in accordance with Providers standard business practices. Upon 
Companys reasonable request, Provider will give Company and its duly 
authorized representatives, agents, and attorneys reasonable access to such 
books and records (or to true copies thereof), during Providers regular 
business hours after reasonable advance notice; provided, however, that 
Provider shall be entitled to limit or restrict such access to the extent 
that, upon advice of Providers counsel, such limitation or restriction is 
necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, order or agreement, or 
to prevent the loss of attorney-client privilege. Provider shall provide to 
Company from time to time during the Term the information and data 
regarding the Services provided by Provider to Company hereunder that 
Provider provided to or on behalf of the Company Business in the ordinary 
course prior to the Effective Date, and such additional information 
regarding the Services as Company shall reasonably request. Provider will 
maintain commercially reasonable accounting records and backup 
documentation relating to the Services performed hereunder during the Term 
and for a period of at least two years following the Term (the Retention 
Period) and Provider shall retain such accounting records and make them 
available to Companys auditors during the Retention Period during 
Providers regular business hours after reasonable advance notice.

     Section 1.4 Company Data. Company shall own all right, title, and 
interest in and to all databases, employee information, customer lists, 
research data, other Company Confidential Information and other information 
compiled by Provider in the exercise of its obligations under this 
Agreement, in each case to the extent specifically arising out of or 
relating to Company, its employees and the Company Business (the Company 
Data). Provider shall maintain and secure the Company Data in a manner 
that is substantially equivalent, in all material respects, to

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the manner in which Provider maintained and secured analogous information 
for the Company Business in the ordinary course prior to the Effective 
Date. Upon Companys request and the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement, Provider shall furnish the Company Data to Company in a 
commercially reasonable timeframe in the format in which Provider 
maintained such Company Data during the Term and via a reasonable means of 
transmission specified by Company; provided that any out-of-pocket costs 
incurred by Provider in connection therewith shall be borne by Company. 
Prior to incurring any such out-of-pocket costs, Provider shall provide 
Company with notice and a good faith estimate of the amount thereof, to the 
extent commercially reasonable. Provider may retain archival copies of 
Company Data, provided that Provider shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to safeguard any personally identifiable information, in accordance 
with and for the terms provided by applicable law and regulation, and shall 
comply with its obligations with respect thereto pursuant to Section 7.15.

     Section 1.5 Purchase of Goods and Services Pursuant to Providers 
Agreements with Vendors. At Companys request, Provider will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to permit Company and its Subsidiaries to 
license software and to purchase connectivity and other goods and services 
for use in the Company Business during the Term pursuant to Providers 
existing agreements with third-party vendors, including using commercially 
reasonable efforts to obtain any and all necessary third-party consents, 
waivers and amendments under Providers vendor agreements and licenses, to 
the extent Company and its Subsidiaries utilized such arrangements prior to 
the DHC Restructuring, and pursuant to such other arrangements with 
third-party vendors as Provider and Company shall mutually agree. Provider 
shall give Company commercially reasonable prior notice of any material 
vendor agreements that are expiring or coming up for renewal and shall 
endeavor in good faith to include Company in the negotiation process 
regarding any such contract renewals. Provider and Company will negotiate 
in good faith to enter into any sublicenses, containing customary terms and 
conditions, necessary or appropriate to implement the provisions of this 
Section 1.5, and the execution and delivery of any such sublicenses, and 
receipt of any and all necessary third-party consents, waivers or 
amendments under Providers vendor agreements and licenses, shall be a 
condition precedent to Providers obligations under this Section 1.5. Upon 
any termination of this Agreement, and earlier at the reasonable request of 
Company (including in connection with any renewal by Provider of the 
relevant contract between Provider and its vendor), Provider will cooperate 
with Company in good faith and use commercially reasonable efforts to 
assist Company in entering into its own purchase agreements and/or other 
arrangements with the vendors referred to in this Section 1.5, at Companys 
expense, to the extent Company wishes to do so.

     Section 1.6 Cash Management Advances . During the Term, Provider shall 
from time to time provide Company with cash advances as reasonably required 
by Company to meet its current payroll and to pay third-party vendors for 
goods and services used in the Company Business in the ordinary course of 
business; provided, however, that the aggregate outstanding amount of all 
advances made by Provider to Company, or on its behalf, shall not at any 
time exceed $1,500,000. Any and all amounts advanced by Provider to 
Company, or on its behalf, under this Agreement shall be unconditional 
obligations of Company and its Subsidiaries, and shall be due and payable 
in full on the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date (or, if that is 
not a business day, the immediately following business day), with interest 
from the date advanced until paid at the prime rate from time to time 
published in The Wall Street Journal, calculated in accordance with the 
average daily balance method. Cash advances by Provider

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

shall be deposited into a cash management account managed by Provider 
pursuant to this Agreement (the Cash Management Account). The Cash 
Management Account shall be owned by Company from and after the Effective 
Date but will be pledged to and under the control of Provider during the 
Term, as collateral security for all obligations of Company to Provider 
under this Agreement, the Reorganization Agreement or otherwise. Provider 
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to sweep cash from the Cash 
Management Account at any time and from time to time that Company has a 
balance payable to Provider. Upon Providers request, Company shall enter 
into and deliver such security agreements, account control agreements, bank 
instruction letters, signature cards, financing statements and/or other 
instruments and agreements as Provider shall reasonably deem necessary to 
effect the provisions of this Section 1.6.


ARTICLE II

COMPENSATION

     Section 2.1 Services Fee. In consideration for the Services listed on 
Schedule 1.2 and Providers obligation to make such Services available 
hereunder during the one year period beginning on the Effective Date, 
Company shall pay Provider a fee (the Services Fee) of One Million United 
States Dollars ($1,000,000). The Services Fee shall be payable quarterly in 
advance, shall be fully-earned by Provider upon the execution and delivery 
of this Agreement and shall be non-refundable.

     Section 2.2 Cost Reimbursement. In addition to the Services Fee 
payable pursuant to Section 2.1, Company shall also reimburse Provider 
(without markup) for all out-of-pocket costs reasonably incurred by 
Provider in connection with the Services, including: postage and delivery 
charges; duplicating charges; filing fees; travel, meals and entertainment 
related to such Services; and the fees and disbursements of any outside 
legal counsel, accountants, independent fiduciaries, payroll services, 
financial institutions; employee communications consultants and other 
third-party service providers. Provider shall obtain prior approval from 
Company for any individual expenditure or series of related expenditures 
incurred by Provider in excess of $5,000, unless, in the business judgment 
of Provider, it would not be practicable to seek such prior approval, in 
which case Provider shall give Company prompt written notice of any expense 
so incurred, together with the reason that obtaining prior approval was 
impracticable. During the Terms, Provider shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to advise Company regarding any out-of-pocket expenses expected to 
be incurred under this Agreement and Provider and Company shall cooperate 
with one another to minimize such expenses, including transitioning such 
expenses to Company to the extent practicable.

     Section 2.3 Payment Procedures.

          (a) Company will pay the Services Fee to Provider, by wire or 
intrabank transfer of funds or in such other manner specified by Provider 
to Company, in four installments of $250,000 each, due and payable on the 
Effective Date and on the same day in each of the third, sixth and ninth 
months thereafter (or if that is not business day, the immediately 
following business day).

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (b) Any amounts required to be reimbursed by Company to Provider 
pursuant to Section 2.2 will be paid by Company to Provider within 30 days 
after receipt by Company of any invoice therefor, by wire or intrabank 
transfer of funds or in such other manner as specified by Provider to 
Company. Provider will invoice Company monthly for reimbursable expenses 
incurred by Provider on behalf of Company during the preceding calendar 
month; provided, however, that Provider may separately invoice Company at 
any time for any single reimbursable expense incurred by Provider on behalf 
of Company, with Companys prior approval, in an amount equal to or greater 
than $25,000. Any invoice or statement pursuant to this Section 2.3(b) will 
be accompanied by supporting documentation in reasonable detail with 
respect to the actual costs or expenses incurred by Provider for which 
Provider is entitled to reimbursement.

          (c) Any payments not made when due under this Section 2.3 (or 
Section 1.6) will bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month on the 
outstanding amount from and including the due date to but excluding the 
date paid, provided that Provider has given Company ten days written notice 
of any such overdue payment prior to the assessment of any such interest 
charges.


ARTICLE III

TERM

     Section 3.1 Term Generally. The term of this Agreement shall be one 
year, commencing on the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated in 
accordance with Section 3.3 (the Term).

     Section 3.2 Certain Services Discontinued. At any time during the 
Term, upon at least 30 days prior notice by Company to Provider, Company 
may elect to discontinue obtaining from Provider some or all of the 
Services. However, no such election and no discontinuation of Services 
following any such election shall result in a reduction of the Services Fee 
or entitle Company to any refund hereunder, and the other terms of this 
Agreement shall survive any such election or discontinuation of Services in 
accordance with their terms.

     Section 3.3 Termination. This Agreement will be terminated in the 
following events:

          (a) immediately upon notice (or at any time specified in such 
notice) by Provider to Company if a Change in Control occurs with respect 
to Company;

          (b) immediately upon notice (or at any time specified in such 
notice) by Company or Provider if a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to 
the other party hereto; or

          (c) by either party in the event of a breach of this Agreement by 
the other party that if capable of being cured, remains uncured after 20 
days written notice to the non-terminating party.

          For purposes of this Section 3.3:

     Change in Control means, with respect to Company, if DHC shall at 
any time cease to own, directly or indirectly, at least 80% of the value 
and 80% of the voting power of the outstanding equity securities or other 
ownership interests in Company; and

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to Company or Provider, as the 
case may be, the insolvency of such party, any general assignment by such 
party for the benefit of creditors, voluntary commencement of any case, 
proceeding, or other action by such party seeking reorganization, 
arrangement, adjustment, liquidation, dissolution, or consolidation of such 
partys debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, or 
reorganization, or relief of debtors, or seeking appointment of a receiver, 
trustee, custodian, or other similar official for such party or for all or 
any substantial part of its assets, or the involuntary filing against such 
party (as applicable) of any such proceeding that is not stayed within 60 
days after such filing.


ARTICLE IV

PERSONNEL AND EMPLOYEES

     Section 4.1 Personnel to Provide Services.

          (a) Provider will make available to Company on a non-exclusive 
basis (except with respect to the personnel indicated on the attached 
Schedules as being fully-dedicated to Company in which case such personnel 
shall be dedicated exclusively to Company), the appropriate personnel to 
perform the Services, as may be reasonably requested by Company to be 
performed by Provider and as necessary and appropriate for the proper and 
efficient administration and operation of the Company Business, to the same 
extent and in the same manner as performed in the ordinary course prior to 
the Effective Date. Provider will be responsible for hiring, supervising, 
instructing, disciplining, discharging, and otherwise managing such 
employees, and administering any employee benefit plans applicable to such 
employees.

          (b) Company acknowledges that:

     (i) Except as specified in Section 4.1(a) above, the employees of 
Provider performing the Services for Company and its Subsidiaries (
Provider Employees) also will be performing services for Provider and may 
be performing services for certain Affiliates of Provider; and

     (ii) Provider may elect, in its discretion, to utilize independent 
contractors rather than employees of Provider to perform the Services from 
time to time, and such independent contractors will be included within the 
definition of Provider Employees under this Agreement, where applicable.

     Section 4.2 Provider as Employer. Notwithstanding the Services 
provided by Provider Employees to Company, the parties acknowledge that 
Provider is and will remain the employer of all Provider Employees who are 
employees and will be responsible for the employment and training of all 
Provider Employees and for the payment of salaries, wages, benefits 
(including health insurance, retirement, and other similar benefits, if 
any) and other compensation applicable to all Provider Employees. All 
Provider Employees will be subject to the personnel policies of Provider 
and will be entitled to participate in Providers employee benefit plans to 
the same extent as similarly situated employees of Provider performing 
services in connection with Providers business. Provider will be 
responsible for the payment of all federal, state, and local

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

withholding taxes on the compensation of all Provider Employees and other 
such employment related taxes as are required by law. Company will 
cooperate with Provider to facilitate Providers compliance with applicable 
federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations, and ordinances 
applicable to the employment of all Provider Employees by Provider and 
their provision of Services to Company pursuant to this Agreement.

     Section 4.3 Additional Employee Provisions. Provider will have the 
right to terminate the employment of any Provider Employee at any time.


ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Section 5.1 Representations and Warranties of Provider. Provider 
represents and warrants to Company as follows:

          (a) Provider is a limited liability company duly organized, 
validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of 
Delaware.

          (b) Provider has the power and authority to enter into this 
Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement, including 
the Services.

          (c) Provider is not subject to any contractual or other legal 
obligation that materially interferes with its full, prompt, and complete 
performance under this Agreement.

          (d) The individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Provider 
has the authority to do so.

          (e) Provider is in compliance with the laws, rules and 
regulations applicable to Provider, except as would not reasonably be 
expected to have a material adverse effect on Provider, the Company, or 
Providers ability to perform its obligations hereunder.

          (f) The operations of Provider do not infringe on the 
intellectual property rights of any third party, including, without 
limitation, copyright, patent and trademark rights, except as would not 
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Provider, the 
Company, or Providers ability to perform its obligations hereunder.

     Section 5.2 Representations and Warranties of Company. Company 
represents and warrants to Provider as follows:

          (a) Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, 
and in good standing under the laws of the State of New York.

          (b) Company has the power and authority to enter into this 
Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

          (c) Company is not subject to any contractual or other legal 
obligation that materially interferes with its full, prompt, and complete 
performance under this Agreement.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (d) The individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Company 
has the authority to do so.

          (e) Company shall perform its obligations under this Agreement in 
compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, except as would 
not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Provider, 
the Company, or Companys ability to perform its obligations hereunder.


ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION

     Section 6.1 Indemnification by Provider. Provider shall indemnify, 
defend, and hold harmless Company, DHC, Discovery Communications, Inc., and 
any Subsidiary of DHC, and each of their respective officers, directors, 
employees and agents, and the successors and assigns of any of them 
(collectively, the Company Indemnitees), from and against any and all 
claims, judgments, liabilities, losses, costs, damages, or expenses, 
including court costs and reasonable counsel fees and disbursements 
(collectively, Losses), that any Company Indemnitee may suffer arising 
out of, or resulting from, (a) any material breach by Provider of its 
obligations under this Agreement or (b) the willful misconduct, fraud or 
bad faith of Provider in performing its obligations under this Agreement.

     Section 6.2 Indemnification by Company. Company shall indemnify, 
defend, and hold harmless Provider, Spinco, any Subsidiary of Spinco, and 
each of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, and the 
successors and assigns of any of them (collectively, the Provider 
Indemnitees), from and against any and all Losses that any Provider 
Indemnitee may suffer arising out of, or resulting from, (a) any breach by 
Company of its obligations under this Agreement or (b) any acts or 
omissions of Provider in providing the Provider Employees and Services to 
be provided by Provider pursuant to this Agreement (except to the extent 
such Losses (i) arise from or relate to any breach by Provider of its 
obligations under this Agreement, (ii) are attributable to the willful 
misconduct, fraud or bad faith of Provider or such other Provider 
Indemnitee seeking indemnification under this Section 6.2, or (iii) are 
payable by Provider pursuant to Section 7.8 or 7.15).

     Section 6.3 Indemnification Procedures.

          (a) In connection with any indemnification provided for in this 
Article 6, the party seeking indemnification (the Indemnitee) will give 
the party from which indemnification is sought (the Indemnitor) prompt 
notice whenever it comes to the Indemnitees attention that the Indemnitee 
has suffered or incurred, or may suffer or incur, any Losses for which it 
is entitled to indemnification under this Article 6, and, when known, the 
facts constituting the basis for such claim (in reasonable detail). Failure 
by the Indemnitee to so notify the Indemnitor will not relieve the 
Indemnitor of any liability under this Agreement except to the extent that 
such failure prejudices the Indemnitor in any material respect.

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (b) After receipt of a notice pursuant to Section 6.3(a), the 
Indemnitor will be entitled, if it so elects, to take control of the 
defense and investigation with respect to any third-party claim subject to 
indemnification hereunder and to employ and engage attorneys reasonably 
satisfactory to the Indemnitee to handle and defend such claim, at the 
Indemnitors sole cost, risk, and expense, upon written notice to the 
Indemnitee of such election, which notice acknowledges the Indemnitors 
obligation to provide indemnification under this Agreement with respect to 
any Losses arising out of or resulting from the claim in question. The 
Indemnitor will not settle any third-party claim that is the subject of 
indemnification without the written consent of the Indemnitee, which 
consent will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned; 
provided, however, that, after reasonable notice, the Indemnitor may settle 
a claim without the Indemnitees consent if such settlement (i) makes no 
admission or acknowledgment of liability or culpability with respect to the 
Indemnitee, (ii) includes a complete release of (A) if Indemnitee is a 
Company Indemnitee, all Company Indemnitees, and (B) if Indemnitee is a 
Provider Indemnitee, all Provider Indemnitees, and (iii) does not contain 
any term or provision to affirmatively require the Indemnitee to make any 
payment not covered by indemnification by the Indemnitor hereunder or to 
forego or take any action. The Indemnitee will cooperate in all reasonable 
respects with the Indemnitor and its attorneys in the investigation, trial, 
and defense of any lawsuit or action with respect to such claim and any 
appeal arising therefrom (including the filing in the Indemnitees name of 
appropriate cross claims and counterclaims). The Indemnitee may, at its own 
cost, participate in any investigation, trial, and defense of such lawsuit 
or action controlled by the Indemnitor and any appeal arising therefrom. If 
there are one or more legal defenses available to the Indemnitee that 
conflict with those available to, or that are not available to, the 
Indemnitor, the Indemnitee will have the right, at the expense of the 
Indemnitor, to engage separate counsel reasonably acceptable to the 
Indemnitor to participate in the defense of the lawsuit or action.

          (c) If, after receipt of a notice pursuant to Section 6.3(a), the 
Indemnitor does not undertake to defend any such claim, the Indemnitee may, 
but will have no obligation to, contest any lawsuit or action with respect 
to such claim, and the Indemnitor will be bound by the result obtained with 
respect thereto by the Indemnitee. The Indemnitee may not settle any 
lawsuit or action with respect to which the Indemnitee is entitled to 
indemnification hereunder without the consent of the Indemnitor, which 
consent will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned.

     Section 6.4 Limitation on Liability; Exclusive Remedy. In no event 
will either party be liable to the other party for any indirect, special, 
incidental, punitive or consequential damages with respect to any matter 
relating to this Agreement.

     Section 6.5 Survival. The terms and conditions of this Article 6 will 
survive the termination of this Agreement, regardless of the reason for 
such termination.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 7.1 Defined Terms.

          (a) The following terms will have the following meanings for all 
purposes of this Agreement:

     Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person 
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Person, with 
control for such purpose meaning the possession, directly or indirectly, 
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and 
policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or 
voting interests, by contract, or otherwise; provided, however, that, for 
purposes of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified, Provider shall not 
constitute an Affiliate of Company and Company shall not constitute an 
Affiliate of Provider.

     Confidential Information means any information marked, noticed, or 
treated as confidential by a party which such party holds in confidence or 
that, given the nature of the information, reasonably should be considered 
as confidential, including all trade secret, technical, business, or other 
information, including customer or client information, however communicated 
or disclosed, relating to past, present and future research, development 
and business activities.

     Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability 
company, partnership, trust, unincorporated organization, association, 
governmental authority, or other entity.

     Subsidiary when used with respect to any Person, means any other 
Person of which (x) in the case of a corporation, at least (A) a majority 
of the equity and (B) a majority of the voting interests are owned or 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by such first Person, by any one or 
more of its Subsidiaries, or by such first Person and one or more of its 
Subsidiaries or (y) in the case of any Person other than a corporation, 
such first Person, one or more of its Subsidiaries, or such first Person 
and one or more of its Subsidiaries (A) owns a majority of the equity 
interests thereof and (B) has the power to elect or direct the election of 
a majority of the members of the governing body thereof or otherwise has 
control over such organization or entity.

          (b) The following terms will have the meanings for all purposes 
of this Agreement set forth in the Section reference provided next to such 
term:
  	  	 
Definition 	  	Section Reference
   
  	 
  Agreement
  	Preamble
  AMG Spinoff
  	Recitals
  Bankruptcy Event
  	3.3 
  Cash Management Account
  	1.6 
  Change in Control
  	3.3 
  Company
  	Preamble
  Company Business
  	Recitals
  Company Data
  	1.4 
  Company Indemnitees
  	6.1 
  DHC
  	Recitals
  DHC Restructuring
  	Recitals
  Effective Date
  	Preamble
  Indemnitee
  	6.3(a)
  Indemnitor
  	6.3(a)
  Look-Back Period
  	4.3 
  Losses
  	6.1 

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
Definition 	  	Section Reference
   
  	 
  Provider
  	Preamble
  Provider Employees
  	4.1(b)(i)
  Provider Indemnitees
  	6.2 
  Retention Period
  	1.3 
  Services
  	1.2 
  Services Fee
  	2.1(a)
  Spinco
  	Recitals
  Term
  	3.1 

     Section 7.2 Entire Agreement; Severability. This Agreement constitutes 
the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter 
of this Agreement and supersedes all prior written and oral and all 
contemporaneous oral agreements and understandings with respect to the 
subject matter of this Agreement. Each provision of this Agreement will be 
considered separable and if for any reason any provision of this Agreement, 
or the application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this 
Agreement will continue in full force and effect and the application of 
such provision to other Persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as 
reasonably to effect the intent of the parties hereto. The parties hereto 
further agree to replace such void or unenforceable provision of this 
Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the 
extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such illegal, 
void or unenforceable provision.

     Section 7.3 Notices. All notices, consents, demands, approvals, or 
other communications under this Agreement will be made in writing and will 
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person, by telecopy, or 
by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) 
or sent by nationally recognized overnight delivery service to the 
respective parties as follows:
  	  	 
If to Provider:
  	Ascent Media Group, LLC
 
  	520 Broadway, 5th Floor
 
  	Santa Monica, CA 90401
 
  	Attention: General Counsel
 
  	Telecopy: (310) 434-7005
 
  	 
If to Company:
  	Ascent Media Creative Sound Services, Inc.
 
  	[                                        ]
 
  	[                                        ]
 
  	Attention: Bob Rosenthal
 
  	Telecopy: [                    ]
 
  	 
 
  	with copies sent simultaneously to
 
  	 
 
  	Discovery Communications, LLC
 
  	8045 Kennett Street
 
  	Silver Spring, MD 20910
 
  	Attn: John K. Honeycutt, Chief Media Technology Officer
 
  	 
 
  	and
 
  	 
 
  	Discovery Communications, LLC
 
  	One Discovery Place
 
  	Silver Spring, MD 20910
 
  	Attn: General Counsel

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

or to such other address as the party to whom notice is given may have 
previously furnished to the other party in writing in the manner set forth 
above. Any notice or communication delivered in person will be deemed 
effective on delivery. Any notice or communication sent by telecopy will be 
deemed effective when receipt is confirmed. Any notice or communication 
sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, will be 
deemed effective when received, as evidenced by the return receipt. Any 
notice or communication sent by nationally recognized overnight delivery 
service will be deemed effective one business day after delivery to such 
delivery service.

     Section 7.4 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE 
TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED THEREIN, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY 
OTHERWISE-APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS.

     Section 7.5 Rules of Construction. The descriptive headings in this 
Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not 
intended to be part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this 
Agreement. Words used in this Agreement, regardless of the gender and 
number specifically used, will be construed to include any other gender or 
any other number, as the context requires. As used in this Agreement, the 
word including or any variation thereof is not limiting, and the word 
or is not exclusive. Unless modified by the word business, the word 
day means a calendar day. If the last day for giving any notice or taking 
any other action is a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which banks in New 
York, New York or Los Angeles, California are permitted or required to 
close, the time for giving such notice or taking such action will be 
extended to the next day that is not such a day (a business day).

     Section 7.6 Parties in Interest; No Liability or Obligation of DHC. 
This Agreement will be binding on and inure solely to the benefit of each 
party to this Agreement, and its successors and permitted assigns, and 
nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon 
any other Person any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or 
by reason of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to 
impose upon DHC or any Affiliate of DHC other than Company and its 
Subsidiaries any obligation or liability of any nature whatsoever under or 
by reason of this Agreement.

     Section 7.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which will constitute one and the same agreement.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Section 7.8 Payment of Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement, each of the parties to this Agreement will bear 
its own expenses, including the fees of any attorneys and accountants 
engaged by such party, in connection with the preparation of this 
Agreement.

     Section 7.9 No Personal Liability. This Agreement will not create or 
be deemed to create any personal liability or obligation on the part of any 
direct or indirect member, manager, or shareholder of either party to this 
Agreement or any officer, director, employee, agent, representative, or 
investor of either party, or of any member, manager, or shareholder of 
either party to this Agreement.

     Section 7.10 Binding Effect; Assignment.

          (a) This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding on 
the parties to this Agreement and their respective legal representatives, 
successors and permitted assigns.

          (b) Except as expressly contemplated hereby (including by Section 
4.1), this Agreement, and the obligations arising hereunder, may not be 
assigned by either party to this Agreement without the prior written 
consent of the other party, except that, subject to Section 3.3, either 
party hereto may assign its rights and delegate its obligations under this 
Agreement in connection with the acquisition of substantially all of its 
assets (by merger, consolidation, operation of law, or otherwise).

     Section 7.11 Amendment. Any amendment, modification or supplement of 
or to any term or condition of this Agreement shall be effective only if in 
writing and signed by all parties hereto, and the parties waive the right 
to amend the provisions of this Section orally.

     Section 7.12 Extension; Waiver. Either party to this Agreement may (a) 
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts 
of the other party to this Agreement, or (b) waive compliance by the other 
party with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein or any 
breach thereof. Any agreement on the part of either party to any such 
extension or waiver will be valid only if set forth in an instrument in 
writing signed on behalf of such party. No consent or waiver, express or 
implied, by a party of any breach or default by the other party in the 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement will be deemed to be a 
consent to or waiver of any further or other breach or default by such 
other party. Failure on the part of a party to complain of an act, or 
failure to act, of the other party or to declare the other party to be in 
default, irrespective of how long such failure continues, will not 
constitute a waiver by such party of its rights under this Agreement.

     Section 7.13 Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable to the other 
party with respect to any nonperformance or delay in performance of its 
obligations under this Agreement to the extent such failure or delay is due 
to any action or claims by any third party, labor dispute, strike or other 
job action, weather conditions, act of war or insurrection, domestic or 
foreign terrorist activity, or any other cause beyond a partys reasonable 
control.

     Section 7.14 Specific Performance. If either party threatens to take 
any action in violation of the terms of this Agreement, the other party may 
apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for an injunctive order 
prohibiting such proposed action. Either party may institute and maintain 
any action or proceeding against the other party to compel the specific 
performance of this Agreement.

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Section 7.15 Confidentiality.

          (a) Except with the prior consent of the disclosing party, each 
party will:

     (i) limit access to the Confidential Information of the other party 
disclosed to such party hereunder to its employees, agents, 
representatives, and consultants who have a need-to-know;

     (ii) advise its employees, agents, representatives, and consultants 
having access to such Confidential Information of the proprietary nature 
thereof and of the obligations set forth in this Agreement; and

     (iii) safeguard such Confidential Information by using a reasonable 
degree of care to prevent disclosure of the Confidential Information to 
third parties, but not less than that degree of care used by that party in 
safeguarding its own similar information or material.

          (b) A partys obligations respecting confidentiality under 
Section 7.15 will not apply to any of the Confidential Information of the 
other party that: (i) was, at the time of disclosure to it, in the public 
domain; or (ii) after disclosure to it, is published or otherwise becomes 
part of the public domain through no fault of the recipient.; or (iii) was 
independently developed by it and such party has evidence to show the same; 
or (iv) becomes available on a non-confidential basis from another source, 
provided that such other source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement 
with respect to such information.

          (c) A party may disclose Confidential Information of the other 
party (i) as required to comply with binding orders of any regulatory body 
having jurisdiction over a party or any of their respective clients or (ii) 
as required to be disclosed by reason of legal, accounting, or regulatory 
requirements applicable to the recipient, provided that the recipient (x) 
gives the disclosing party reasonable notice (to the extent possible and to 
the extent permitted by law) to allow the disclosing party to seek a 
protective order or other appropriate remedy, (y) discloses only such 
information as is required, and (z) does not take any action to interfere 
with the disclosing partys efforts to obtain confidential treatment for 
any Confidential Information so disclosed

          (d) The provisions of this Section 7.15 will survive for a period 
of two years after the termination of this Agreement, regardless of the 
reason for such termination.

     Section 7.16 Non-Solicitation. From the Effective Date through the 
second anniversary thereof, notwithstanding any prior termination of this 
Agreement:

          (a) Provider will not, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit any 
individual who was an employee of Company on or after the Effective Date to 
leave his or her employment with Company, or (ii) subject to the last 
sentence of this Section 7.16, hire any individual who was an employee of 
Company on or after the Effective Date without the prior consent of 
Company, unless and until (A) Company terminates the employment of such 
individual or (B) six months after any other expiration of such 
individuals employment with Company; and

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (b) Company will not, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit any 
individual who was an employee of Provider on or after the Effective Date 
to leave his or her employment with Provider or (ii) subject to the last 
sentence of this Section 7.16, hire any individual who was an employee of 
Provider on or after the Effective Date without the prior consent of 
Provider, unless and until (A) Provider terminates the employment of such 
individual or (B) six months after any other expiration of such 
individuals employment with Provider;

provided, however, that this Section 7.16 shall not prohibit either 
Provider or Company from soliciting or hiring any individuals through the 
placement of general advertisements of employment opportunities which are 
not specifically directed at any of the individuals covered by the 
foregoing restrictions; and provided further that all references to a party 
in this Section 7.16 shall be deemed to include such partys then 
Subsidiaries. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, 
the provisions of Section 7.16(a)(ii) and Section 7.16(b)(ii) shall not 
apply to any person within the State of California to the extent that the 
application of such provision to such person would be contrary to public 
policy or otherwise not legally enforceable without penalty in that state.

     Section 7.17. Transition Efforts. Provider agrees to use its 
reasonable good faith efforts to cooperate with and assist Company, at 
Companys request and at Companys sole expense, from time to time during 
the Term, in connection with the transition from the performance of the 
Services by Provider to the performance of the Services by Company or a 
third party after the expiration of this Agreement, or such earlier time as 
requested by Company, subject to the terms of this Agreement. The parties 
agree that if as part of such transition ownership of any system or systems 
owned by Provider is to be transferred to Company, then the parties shall 
negotiate the terms and conditions of any such transfer (including the 
purchase price and any related expenses to be paid to Provider therefor) 
and memorialize such transfer(s) under the terms of one or more separate 
written agreements to be negotiated and executed by and between the 
parties. Company and Provider shall cooperate with one another in good 
faith during the Term to identify any assets used in connection with the 
Services that are owned by Company.

     Section 7.18. Disaster Recovery. In the event of any material 
disruption in Providers systems used to provide the Services, as a result 
of material disaster, strike, act of war or terrorism or other force 
majeure, Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts in good faith 
to make Providers then existing disaster recovery resources, if any, which 
are in place with respect to Providers systems used to provide the 
Services (including any redundancy in affected systems and recovery 
efforts) available to support the provision of Services on a basis that 
does not discriminate between services provided to Company and similar 
services provided to Providers own business units.

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has signed this Agreement, or 
has caused this Agreement to be signed by its duly authorized officer, as 
of the date first above written.
  	  	  	  	 
  	COMPANY:

ASCENT MEDIA CREATIVE SOUND SERVICES, INC.
  	 
  	By:   	  	 
  	Name:   	  	 
  	Title:   	  	 
 
 
  	PROVIDER:

ASCENT MEDIA GROUP, LLC
  	 
  	By:   	  	 
  	Name:   	  	 
  	Title:   	  	 
 

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE 1.2(a)1

Finance and Accounting Services





 


 
1 	  	To be filed by amendment.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE 1.2(b)2

Human Resources Services





 


 
2 	  	To be filed by amendment.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE 1.2(c)3

Information Technology Services





 


 
3 	  	To be filed by amendment.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE 1.2(d)4

Payroll Services





 


 
4 	  	To be filed by amendment.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

SCHEDULE 1.2(e)5

Facilities / Real Estate Management Services





 


 
5 	  	To be filed by amendment.

 