 EX-10.3 4 dex103.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT-APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS II
Exhibit 10.3


AMENDED AND RESTATED


LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT


OF


APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS II, L.P.


Dated as of July 13, 2007


THE PARTNERSHIP UNITS OF APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS II, L.P. HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE, PROVINCE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS AND ARE BEING ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS. SUCH UNITS MUST BE 
ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, 
HYPOTHECATED, SOLD, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED AT ANY TIME EXCEPT IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH (I) THE SECURITIES ACT, ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
ANY STATE OR PROVINCE, AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS; AND (II) 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. THE UNITS 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OF RECORD EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH LAWS AND 
THIS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. THEREFORE, PURCHASERS AND OTHER 
TRANSFEREES OF SUCH UNITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE RISK OF THEIR 
INVESTMENT OR ACQUISITION FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page

 Article I DEFINITIONS

   	1

   Section 1.01. Definitions

   	1

 Article II FORMATION, TERM, PURPOSE AND POWERS

   	8

   Section 2.01. Formation

   	8

   Section 2.02. Name

   	8

   Section 2.03. Term

   	9

   Section 2.04. Offices

   	9

   Section 2.05. Agent for Service of Process

   	9

   Section 2.06. Business Purpose

   	9

   Section 2.07. Powers of the Partnership

   	9

   Section 2.08. Partners; Admission of New Partners

   	9

   Section 2.09. Withdrawal

   	9

 Article III MANAGEMENT

   	9

   Section 3.01. General Partner

   	9

   Section 3.02. Compensation

   	10

   Section 3.03. Expenses

   	10

   Section 3.04. Authority of Partners

   	10

   Section 3.05. Action by Written Consent or Ratification

   	11

 Article IV DISTRIBUTIONS

   	11

   Section 4.01. Distributions

   	11

   Section 4.02. Liquidation Distribution

   	13

   Section 4.03. Limitations on Distribution

   	13

 Article V CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; TAX ALLOCATIONS; TAX
 MATTERS

   	14

   Section 5.01. Initial Capital Contributions

   	14

   Section 5.02. No Additional Capital Contributions

   	14

   Section 5.03. Capital Accounts

   	14

   Section 5.04. Allocations of Profits and Losses

   	14

   Section 5.05. Special Allocations

   	15

   Section 5.06. Tax Allocations

   	16

   Section 5.07. Tax Advances

   	16

   Section 5.08. Tax Matters

   	16

   Section 5.09. Other Allocation Provisions

   	17

 Article VI BOOKS AND RECORDS; REPORTS

   	17

   Section 6.01. Books and Records

   	17

 Article VII PARTNERSHIP UNITS

   	18

   Section 7.01. Units

   	18

   Section 7.02. Register

   	18

   Section 7.03. Registered Partners

   	18
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Article VIII FORFEITURE OF INTERESTS; TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS

   	19

   Section 8.01. Limited Partner Transfers

   	19

   Section 8.02. Encumbrances

   	19

   Section 8.03. Further Restrictions

   	19

   Section 8.04. Rights of Assignees

   	20

   Section 8.05. Admissions, Withdrawals and Removals

   	20

   Section 8.06. Admission of Assignees as Substitute Limited Partners

   	21

   Section 8.07. Withdrawal and Removal of Limited Partners

   	21

 Article IX DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION AND TERMINATION

   	21

   Section 9.01. No Dissolution

   	21

   Section 9.02. Events Causing Dissolution

   	21

   Section 9.03. Distribution upon Dissolution

   	22

   Section 9.04. Time for Liquidation

   	22

   Section 9.05. Termination

   	23

   Section 9.06. Claims of the Partners

   	23

   Section 9.07. Survival of Certain Provisions

   	23

 Article X LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

   	23

   Section 10.01. Liability of Partners

   	23

   Section 10.02. Indemnification

   	24

 Article XI MISCELLANEOUS

   	25

   Section 11.01. Severability

   	25

   Section 11.02. Notices

   	26

   Section 11.03. Cumulative Remedies

   	26

   Section 11.04. Binding Effect

   	26

   Section 11.05. Interpretation

   	26

   Section 11.06. Counterparts

   	27

   Section 11.07. Further Assurances

   	27

   Section 11.08. Entire Agreement

   	27

   Section 11.09. Governing Law

   	27

   Section 11.10. Expenses

   	27

   Section 11.11. Amendments and Waivers

   	27

   Section 11.12. No Third Party Beneficiaries

   	28

   Section 11.13. Headings

   	28

   Section 11.14. Construction

   	29

   Section 11.15. Power of Attorney

   	29

   Section 11.16. Letter Agreements: Schedules

   	29

   Section 11.17. Partnership Status

   	29
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AMENDED AND RESTATED
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS II, L.P.


This AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (this Agreement) 
of Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P. (the Partnership) is made as of 
July 13, 2007, by and among Apollo Principal Holdings II GP, LLC, a limited 
liability company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware, as 
general partner, and the Limited Partners (as defined herein) of the 
Partnership.


WHEREAS, the Partnership was formed as a limited partnership pursuant to 
the Act, by the filing of a Certificate of Limited Partnership (the 
Certificate) with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of 
Delaware on March 21, 2007 and the execution of the initial Limited 
Partnership Agreement of the Company (the Original Agreement); and


WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend and restated the Original 
Agreement.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements 
herein made and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto 
agree as follows:


ARTICLE I


DEFINITIONS


Section 1.01. Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein without definition 
have the following meanings (such meanings being equally applicable to both 
the singular and plural form of the terms defined):Act means, the 
Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, 6 Del. C. Section 17-101, 
et seq., as it may be amended from time to time.


Additional Credit Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 
4.01(c)(ii).


Adjusted Capital Account Balance means, with respect to each Partner, the 
balance in such Partners Capital Account adjusted (i) by taking into 
account the adjustments, allocations and distributions described in 
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c)(4), (5) and (6); and 
(ii) by adding to such balance such Partners share of Partnership Minimum 
Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain, determined pursuant to 
Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(i)(5), and any amounts such 
Partner is obligated to restore pursuant to any provision of this Agreement 
or by applicable Law. The foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account 
Balance is intended to comply with the provisions of Regulations Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.


Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, any other Person 
that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, 
is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such specified Person.


Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.


Amended Tax Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(c)(ii).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APO Corp. means APO Corp., a Delaware corporation.


APO Corp. Distribution Amount means the sum of (a) the accrued and unpaid 
interest then due on the then outstanding Issuer Convertible Notes, and (b) 
an amount sufficient to pay the Taxes on that portion of the annual net 
income of APO Corp. that exceeds the amount of Distributable Cash paid to 
APO Corp.


APO Corp. Subsidiary Partnership means each of the Apollo Operating Group 
entities in which APO Corp. is a Limited Partner.


APO LLC means APO Asset Co., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.


Apollo Operating Group means each of the Partnership, Apollo Principal 
Holdings I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Apollo Principal Holdings 
III, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Apollo Principal Holdings 
IV, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership and Apollo Management 
Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and any successors thereto 
or other entities formed to serve as holding vehicles for the Issuers 
carry vehicles, management companies or other entities formed to engage in 
the asset management business (including alternative asset management), as 
set forth on Annex A, as amended from time to time.


Assignee has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04.


Assumed Tax Rate means the highest effective marginal combined U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax rate for a Fiscal Year prescribed for 
an individual or corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into 
account (a) the nondeductiblity of expenses subject to the limitation 
described in Section 67(a) of the Code and (b) the character (e.g., 
long-term or short-term capital gain or ordinary or exempt income) of the 
applicable income, but not taking into account the deductibility of state 
and local income taxes for U.S. federal income tax purposes). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Assumed Tax Rate will be the same for all Partners.


Authorized Person has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b).


Capital Account means the separate capital account maintained for each 
Partner in accordance with Section 5.03 hereof.


Capital Contribution means, with respect to any Partner, the aggregate 
amount of money contributed to the Partnership and the Carrying Value of 
any property (other than money), net of any liabilities assumed by the 
Partnership upon contribution or to which such property is subject, 
contributed to the Partnership pursuant to Article V.


Carrying Value means, with respect to any Partnership asset, the assets 
adjusted basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, except that the 
initial carrying value of assets contributed to the Partnership shall be 
their respective gross fair market values on the date of contribution as 
determined by the General Partner, and the Carrying Values of all 
Partnership assets shall be adjusted to equal their respective fair market 
values, in accordance with the rules set forth in Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), except as otherwise provided herein, as of 
(a) the date of the acquisition of any additional Partnership Interest by 
any new or existing Partner in exchange for more than a de minimis Capital 
Contribution; (b) the date of the distribution of
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
more than a de minimis amount of Partnership assets to a Partner; (c) the 
date a Partnership Interest is relinquished to the Partnership; (d) any 
other date specified in the Treasury Regulations or (e) any other date 
specified by the General Partner; provided, however, that adjustments 
pursuant to clauses (a), (b) (c) and (d) above shall be made only if such 
adjustments are deemed necessary or appropriate by the General Partner to 
reflect the relative economic interests of the Partners. The Carrying Value 
of any Partnership asset distributed to any Partner shall be adjusted 
immediately before such distribution to equal its fair market value. In the 
case of any asset that has a Carrying Value that differs from its adjusted 
tax basis, Carrying Value shall be adjusted by the amount of depreciation 
calculated for purposes of the definition of Profits (Losses) rather than 
the amount of depreciation determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
and depreciation shall be calculated by reference to Carrying Value rather 
than tax basis once Carrying Value differs from tax basis.


Certificate has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.


Class means the classes of Units into which the interests in the 
Partnership may be classified or divided from time to time pursuant to the 
provisions of this Agreement.


Class A Shares means the Class A Common Shares of the Issuer representing 
Class A limited partnership interests of the Issuer.


Class A Units means the Units of partnership interest in the Partnership 
designated as the Class A Units herein and having the rights pertaining 
thereto as are set forth in this Agreement.


Closing Date has the meaning set forth in the Strategic Agreement. Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
Contingencies has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(c).


Control (including the terms Controlled by and under common Control 
with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct 
or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether 
through the ownership of voting securities, as trustee or executor, by 
contract or otherwise, including, without limitation, the ownership, 
directly or indirectly, of securities having the power to elect a majority 
of the board of directors or similar body governing the affairs of such 
Person.


Conversion Shares means the Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of 
the Issuer Convertible Notes.


Covered Person and Covered Persons have the meanings set forth in 
Section 10.02(a).


Credit Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(c)(ii) of this 
Agreement.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Creditable Non-U.S. Tax means a non-U.S. tax paid or accrued for United 
States federal income tax purposes by the Partnership, in either case to 
the extent that such tax is eligible for credit under Section 901(a) of the 
Code. A non-U.S. tax is a Creditable Non-U.S. Tax for these purposes 
without regard to whether a partner receiving an allocation of such 
non-U.S. tax elects to claim a credit for such amount. This definition is 
intended to be consistent with the definition of Creditable Non-U.S. Tax 
in Temporary Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1T(b)(4)(xi)(b), and shall 
be interpreted consistently therewith.


Disabling Event means the General Partner ceasing to be the general 
partner of the Partnership pursuant to Section 17-402 of the Act.


Distributable Cash means cash received by the Partnership from dividends 
and distributions or other income, other than cash reserves to account for 
reasonably anticipated expenses and other liabilities, including, without 
limitation, tax liabilities, as the General Partner may determine to be 
appropriate.


Encumbrance means any mortgage, claim, lien, encumbrance, conditional 
sales or other title retention agreement, right of first refusal, 
preemptive right, pledge, option, charge, security interest or other 
similar interest, easement, judgment or imperfection of title of any nature 
whatsoever.


ERISA means The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended.


Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.


Exchange Agreement means the exchange agreement dated as of or about the 
date hereof among the Issuer, the Apollo Operating Group, and the limited 
partners of the Apollo Operating Group entities from time to time, as 
amended from time to time.


Exchange Transaction means an exchange of Units for Class A Shares 
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Exchange Agreement or, if the 
Issuer and the exchanging Limited Partner shall mutually agree, a Transfer 
of Units to the Issuer, the Partnership or any of their subsidiaries for 
other consideration.


Final Adjudication has the meaning set forth in Section 10.02(a).


Final Tax Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(c)(ii).


Fiscal Year means (i) the period commencing upon the formation of the 
Partnership and ending on December 31, 2007 or (ii) any subsequent 
twelve-month period commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31.


Fund means any pooled investment vehicle or similar entity sponsored or 
managed, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries.


General Partner means Apollo Principal Holdings II GP LLC, a limited 
liability company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware or any 
successor general partner admitted to the Partnership in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Incapacity means, with respect to any Person, the bankruptcy, 
dissolution, termination, entry of an order of incompetence, or the 
insanity, permanent disability or death of such Person.


Initial Offering means the earlier to occur of (i) an IPO and (ii) a 
Private Placement.


IPO means the consummation of an underwritten public offering of Class A 
Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement (other than on Forms 
S-4 or S-8 or successors and/or equivalents to such forms); provided, that 
no such underwritten public offering shall constitute an IPO for the 
purposes of this Agreement unless (x) it involves a sale to underwriters 
for distribution to the public representing a public float of at least 10% 
of the then outstanding equity interests of the Issuer Convertible Notes 
(calculated on a fully-diluted basis as if all outstanding Operating Group 
Units have been exchanged for, and all outstanding Notes have been 
converted into, Class A Shares) and (y) such offering satisfies the Price 
Threshold, and (ii) the effectiveness of the shelf registration statement 
to be filed by the Issuer in respect of the Class A Shares to be sold in 
the Private Placement; in the case of clauses both (i) and (ii), such 
registration statement to be filed by the Issuer with the SEC or (in 
connection with a listing on the London Stock Exchange) with the Financial 
Services Authority of the United Kingdom.


Issuer means Apollo Global Management, LLC, a limited liability company 
formed under the laws of the State of Delaware, or any successor thereto.


Issuer Manager means AGM Management LLC, a limited liability company 
formed under the laws of the State of Delaware and the manager of the 
Issuer, or any successor manager of the Issuer.


Issuer Convertible Notes means the 7% convertible senior unsecured notes 
of the Issuer issued pursuant to the Strategic Agreement.


Law means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, executive 
order, injunction, judgment, decree or other order issued or promulgated by 
any national, supranational, state, federal, provincial, local or municipal 
government or any administrative or regulatory body with authority 
therefrom with jurisdiction over the Partnership or any Partner, as the 
case may be.


Limited Partner means each of the Persons from time to time listed as a 
limited partner in the books and records of the Partnership.


Liquidation Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03 of this 
Agreement.


Net Taxable Income has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(c)(i).


Nonrecourse Deductions has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.704-2(b). The amount of Nonrecourse Deductions of the Partnership 
for a fiscal year equals the net increase, if any, in the amount of 
Partnership Minimum Gain of the Partnership during that fiscal year, 
determined according to the provisions of Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-2(c).


Offering Date has the meaning set forth in the Strategic Agreement.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Group Units refers to units in the Apollo Operating Group, each 
of which represents one limited partnership interest in each of the limited 
partnerships that comprise the Apollo Operating Group and any other 
securities issued or issuable in exchange for or with respect to such 
Operating Group Units (i) by way of a dividend, split or combination of 
shares or (ii) in connection with a reclassification, recapitalization, 
merger, consolidation or other reorganization. All calculations in respect 
of the Operating Group Units shall assume that all Operating Group Units 
shall have vested fully as of the date of determination.


Original Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble.


Partners means, at any time, each person listed as a partner (including 
the General Partner) on the books and records of the Partnership, in each 
case for so long as he, she or it remains a partner of the Partnership as 
provided hereunder.


Partnership has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.


Partnership Minimum Gain has the meaning set forth in Treasury 
Regulations Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d).


Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain means an amount with respect to 
each partner nonrecourse debt (as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-2(b)(4)) equal to the Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if 
such partner nonrecourse debt were treated as a nonrecourse liability (as 
defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.752-1(a)(2)) determined in 
accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3).


Partner Nonrecourse Deductions has the meaning ascribed to the term 
partner nonrecourse deductions set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-2(i)(2).


Percentage Interest means, with respect to any Partner, the quotient 
obtained by dividing the number of Units then owned by such Partner by the 
number of Units then owned by all Partners.


Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited 
partnership, limited liability company, limited company, joint venture, 
trust, unincorporated or governmental organization or any agency or 
political subdivision thereof.


Price Threshold has the meaning set forth in the Strategic Agreement.


Private Placement means a private placement of Class A Shares pursuant to 
Rule 144A (or any successor provision), Regulation D and Regulation S 
promulgated under the Securities Act, in an offering (i) to at least 
fifteen (15) purchasers and (ii) that requires the Issuer to file with the 
SEC a shelf registration statement permitting registered re-sales of the 
Class A Shares within eight (8) months of the consummation of such 
offering; provided, that no such private placement shall qualify as a 
Private Placement for the purposes of this Agreement, unless (x) such 
offering satisfies the Price Threshold and (y) it involves engagement of 
one or more initial purchasers, placement agents or investment banks 
performing a similar role for the purpose of facilitating the distribution 
of Class A Shares representing at least 10% of the then outstanding equity 
interests of the Issuer (calculated on a fully-diluted basis as if all 
Operating Group Units
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
had been exchanged for, and all Issuer Convertible Notes had been converted 
into, Class A Shares); provided, further, that in the event that any Person 
purchases Class A Shares representing more than 20% of such offering, the 
amount in excess of 20% shall be disregarded for the purpose of determining 
whether the 10% threshold set forth in this clause (y) has been satisfied.


Profits and Losses means, for each Fiscal Year or other period, the 
taxable income or loss of the Partnership, or particular items thereof, 
determined in accordance with the accounting method used by the Partnership 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the following adjustments: (a) 
all items of income, gain, loss or deduction allocated pursuant to Section 
5.05 shall not be taken into account in computing such taxable income or 
loss; (b) any income of the Partnership that is exempt from U.S. federal 
income taxation and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits 
and Losses shall be added to such taxable income or loss; (c) if the 
Carrying Value of any asset differs from its adjusted tax basis for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, any gain or loss resulting from a disposition 
of such asset shall be calculated with reference to such Carrying Value; 
(d) upon an adjustment to the Carrying Value (other than an adjustment in 
respect of depreciation) of any asset, pursuant to the definition of 
Carrying Value, the amount of the adjustment shall be included as gain or 
loss in computing such taxable income or loss; (e) if the Carrying Value of 
any asset differs from its adjusted tax basis for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, the amount of depreciation, amortization or cost recovery 
deductions with respect to such asset for purposes of determining Profits 
and Losses, if any, shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such 
Carrying Value as the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization or 
other cost recovery deductions bears to such adjusted tax basis; provided 
that if the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other 
cost recovery deduction is zero, the General Partner may use any reasonable 
method for purposes of determining depreciation, amortization or other cost 
recovery deductions in calculating Profits and Losses); and (f) except for 
items in (a) above, any expenditures of the Partnership not deductible in 
computing taxable income or loss, not properly capitalizable and not 
otherwise taken into account in computing Profits and Losses pursuant to 
this definition shall be treated as deductible items.


Roll-up Agreements mean collectively, each Roll-up Agreement, by and 
among BRH Holdings, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, AP 
Professional Holdings, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, 
the Issuer, APO LLC, APO Corp., and an employee of the Issuer or one of its 
subsidiaries, dated as of the date hereof, each as amended, restated, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
similar agency then having jurisdiction to enforce the Securities Act.


Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.


Similar Law means any law or regulation that could cause the underlying 
assets of the Partnership to be treated as assets of the Limited Partner by 
virtue of its limited partner interest in the Partnership and thereby 
subject the Partnership and the General Partner (or other persons 
responsible for the investment and operation of the Partnerships assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or 
prohibited transaction provisions contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Strategic Agreement means the Strategic Agreement, dated as of the date 
hereof, by and among the Issuer, APOC Holdings Ltd., a Cayman Islands 
exempted company, the California Public Employees Retirement System and 
the other parties thereto.


Tax Advances has the meaning set forth in Section 5.07. Tax Amount has 
the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(c)(i).
Tax Distributions has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(c)(i).


Tax Matters Partner has the meaning set forth in Section 5.08.


Transfer means, in respect of any Unit, property or other asset, any 
sale, assignment, transfer, distribution or other disposition thereof, 
whether voluntarily or by operation of Law, including, without limitation, 
the exchange of any Unit for any other security.


Treasury Regulations means the income tax regulations, including 
temporary regulations, promulgated under the Code, as such regulations may 
be amended from time to time (including corresponding provisions of 
succeeding regulations).


Units means the Class A Units and any other Class of Units authorized in 
accordance with this Agreement, which shall constitute interests in the 
Partnership as provided in this Agreement and under the Act; entitling the 
holders thereof to the relative rights, title and interests in the profits, 
losses, deductions and credits of the Partnership at any particular time as 
set forth in this Agreement, and any and all other benefits to which a 
holder thereof may be entitled as a Partner as provided in this Agreement, 
together with the obligations of such Partner to comply with all terms and 
provisions of this Agreement.


ARTICLE II


FORMATION, TERM, PURPOSE AND POWERS


Section 2.01. Formation. The Partnership was formed as a limited 
partnership under the provisions of the Act by the filing on March 21, 2007 
the Certificate as provided in the preamble of this Agreement. If requested 
by the General Partner, the Limited Partners shall promptly execute all 
certificates and other documents consistent with the terms of this 
Agreement necessary for the General Partner to accomplish all filing, 
recording, publishing and other acts as may be appropriate to comply with 
all requirements for (a) the formation and operation of a limited 
partnership under the laws of the State of Delaware, (b) if the General 
Partner deems it advisable, the operation of the Partnership as a limited 
partnership, or partnership in which the Limited Partners have limited 
liability, in all jurisdictions where the Partnership proposes to operate 
and (c) all other filings required to be made by the Partnership.


Section 2.02. Name. The name of the Partnership shall be, and the business 
of the Partnership shall be conducted under the name of, Apollo Principal 
Holdings II, L.P.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.03. Term. The term of the Partnership commenced on the date of 
the filing of the Certificate, and the term shall continue until the 
dissolution of the Partnership in accordance with Article IX. The existence 
of the Partnership shall continue until cancellation of the Certificate in 
the manner required by the Act.


Section 2.04. Offices. The Partnership may have offices at such places as 
the General Partner from time to time may select.


Section 2.05. Agent for Service of Process. The Partnerships registered 
agent for service of process in the State of Delaware shall be as set forth 
in the Certificate, as the same may be amended by the General Partner from 
time to time.


Section 2.06. Business Purpose. The Partnership shall have the power to 
engage in any lawful act or activity for which limited partnerships may be 
formed under the Act.


Section 2.07. Powers of the Partnership. Subject to the limitations set 
forth in this Agreement, the Partnership will possess and may exercise all 
of the powers and privileges granted to it by the Act including, without 
limitation, the ownership and operation of the assets contributed to the 
Partnership by the Partners, by any other Law or this Agreement, together 
with all powers incidental thereto, so far as such powers are necessary or 
convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the purpose of the 
Partnership set forth in Section 2.06.


Section 2.08. Partners; Admission of New Partners. Each of the Persons 
listed in the books and records of the Partnership, as the same may be 
amended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, by virtue of 
the execution of this Agreement, are admitted as Partners of the 
Partnership. The rights, duties and liabilities of the Partners shall be as 
provided in the Act, except as is otherwise expressly provided herein, and 
the Partners consent to the variation of such rights, duties and 
liabilities as provided herein. A Person may be admitted from time to time 
as a new Partner in accordance with Section 8.05 and Section 8.06; 
provided, however, that each new Partner shall execute and deliver to the 
General Partner an appropriate supplement to this Agreement pursuant to 
which the new Partner agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the 
Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time.


Section 2.09. Withdrawal. No Partner shall have the right to withdraw as a 
Partner of the Partnership other than following the Transfer of all Units 
owned by such Partner in accordance with Article VIII; provided, however, 
that a new General Partner or substitute General Partner may be admitted to 
the Partnership in accordance with Section 8.05.


ARTICLE III


MANAGEMENT


Section 3.01. General Partner.

(a) The business, property and affairs of the Partnership shall be managed 
under the sole, absolute and exclusive direction of the General Partner, 
which may from time to time delegate authority to officers or to others to 
act on behalf of the Partnership.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) The Partners hereby agree that the Partnership, acting by the General 
Partner and/or any officer of the General Partner, including but not 
limited to Tom Doria and Tony Tortorelli (each, an Authorized Person) on 
its behalf, shall be and hereby is authorized (i) to open bank accounts on 
behalf of the Partnership in such banks, and designate the persons 
authorized to sign checks, notes, drafts, bills of exchange, acceptances, 
undertakings or orders for payment of money from funds of the Partnership 
on deposit in such accounts, as may be deemed by the General Partner or any 
Authorized Person, or any of them, to be necessary, appropriate or 
otherwise in the best interests of the Partnership and, in connection 
therewith, execute any form of required resolution necessary to open any 
such bank accounts; (ii) prepare and file, or cause to be prepared and 
filed, by mail, facsimile or telephone, for and on behalf of the 
Partnership, an Application for Employer Identification Number on United 
States Internal Revenue Service Form SS-4, and to prepare, execute and file 
with the appropriate authorities such other federal, state or local 
applications, forms and papers on behalf of the Partnership as may be 
required by law or deemed by the General Partner or any Authorized Person, 
or any of them, to be necessary, appropriate or otherwise in the best 
interests of the Partnership, as applicable; and (iii) pay on behalf of the 
Partnership any and all fees and expenses incident to and necessary to 
perfect the organization of the Partnership. Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Agreement, the Partnership, acting by the General Partner 
and/or any Authorized Person on its behalf, is hereby authorized to enter 
into, and to perform its obligations under, the aforementioned agreements, 
deeds, receipts, certificates, filings and other documents, without any 
consent of any Limited Partner, but such authorization shall not be deemed 
a restriction on the power of the Partnership or the General Partner and/or 
any Authorized Person acting on behalf of the Partnership to enter into, 
and to perform its obligations under, other agreements on behalf of the 
Partnership. The Partners agree that the General Partner and/or any 
Authorized Person may execute the aforementioned agreements, deeds, 
receipts, certificates, filings and other documents on behalf of the 
Partnership under any title, including without limitation Authorized 
Person, that the General Partner or any Authorized Person, or any of them, 
deems appropriate and that any prior acts of the Partnership and the 
General Partner and/or any Authorized Person acting on behalf of the 
Partnership, consistent with the foregoing authorizations, are hereby 
ratified and confirmed.


Section 3.02. Compensation. The General Partner shall not be entitled to 
any compensation for services rendered to the Partnership in its capacity 
as General Partner.


Section 3.03. Expenses. The Partnership shall bear and/or reimburse (i) the 
General Partner for any expenses incurred by the General Partner in 
connection with serving as the general partner of the Partnership, and (ii) 
Issuer and APO Corp., with respect to the Partnerships allocable share of 
any expenses solely incurred by or attributable to the Issuer or APO COrp. 
(such as expenses incurred in connection with the Initial Offering) but 
excluding obligations incurred under the Tax Receivable Agreement by the 
Issuer or APO Corp., income tax expenses of the Issuer or APO Corp. and 
indebtedness incurred by the Issuer or APO Corp.


Section 3.04. Authority of Partners. No Limited Partner, in its capacity as 
such, shall participate in or have any control over the business of the 
Partnership. Except as expressly provided herein, the Units do not confer 
any rights upon the Limited Partners to participate in the affairs of the 
Partnership described in this Agreement. Except as expressly provided 
herein, the Limited Partners shall have no right to vote on any matter 
involving the Partnership, including
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with respect to any merger, consolidation, combination or conversion of the 
Partnership. The conduct, control and management of the Partnership shall 
be vested exclusively in the General Partner. In all matters relating to or 
arising out of the conduct of the operation of the Partnership, the 
decision of the General Partner shall be the decision of the Partnership. 
Except as required or permitted by Law, or by separate agreement with the 
Partnership, no Partner who is not also a General Partner (and acting in 
such capacity) shall take any part in the management or control of the 
operation or business of the Partnership in. its capacity as a Partner, nor 
shall any Partner who is not also a General Partner (and acting in such 
capacity) have any right, authority or power to act for or on behalf of or 
bind the Partnership in his or its capacity as a Partner in any respect or 
assume any obligation or responsibility of the Partnership or of any other 
Partner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Partnership may employ one or 
more Partners from time to time, and such Partners, in their capacity as 
employees of the Partnership (and not, for clarity, in their capacity as 
Limited Partners of the Partnership), may take part in the control and 
management of the business of the Partnership to the extent such authority 
and power to act for or on behalf of the Partnership has been delegated to 
them by the General Partner.


Section 3.05. Action by Written Consent or Ratification. Any action 
required or permitted to be taken by the Partners pursuant to this 
Agreement shall be taken if all Partners whose consent or ratification is 
required consent thereto or provide a consent or ratification in writing.


ARTICLE IV


DISTRIBUTIONS


Section 4.01. Distributions.

(a) Prior to an Initial Offering, all distributions of Distributable Cash 
shall be made, at the discretion of the General Partner, in the following 
order of priority

(i) first, to APO Corp., until the cumulative amount distributed in the 
aggregate by the Apollo Operating Group to APO Corp. or APO LLC, as 
applicable, equals any principal amount of the Issuer Convertible Notes 
then due;

(ii) second, to APO Corp., until the cumulative amount distributed in the 
aggregate by the Partnership and the other APO Corp. Subsidiary 
Partnerships, collectively, equals the APO Corp. Distribution Amount;

(iii) third, to the Limited Partners pro rata in accordance with their 
Percentage Interests, until the cumulative amount distributed in the 
aggregate by the Partnership and the other APO Corp. Subsidiary 
Partnerships, collectively, equals the product of (x) a fraction, the 
numerator being the number of Operating Group Units outstanding minus the 
number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Issuer 
Convertible Notes and the denominator being the number of Conversion Shares 
issuable upon conversion of the Issuer Convertible Notes and (y) the amount 
described in clause (a) of the definition of APO Corp. Distribution Amount; 
provided, that for purposes of this clause (iii) the number of Operating 
Group Units deemed to be owned by APO Corp. and APO LLC (in the aggregate) 
shall be reduced by the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon 
conversion of all outstanding Issuer
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Convertible Notes and the number of Class A Shares issuable in the Initial 
Offering (the intent of this provision being that APO Corp. shall not 
participate in any distributions pursuant to this clause (iii) if no Class 
A Shares are actually outstanding prior to the Initial Offering); and

(iv) fourth, to the Limited Partners pro rata in accordance with their 
respective Percentage Interests; provided, that the amount attributable to 
net income earned by the Partnership with respect to Fiscal Year 2007 for 
the period prior to the Closing Date shall be distributed to the Limited 
Partners other than APO Corp. and their respective transferees pro rata 
(which net income shall be calculated by multiplying (x) the aggregate 
amount of net income earned by the Partnership with respect to Fiscal Year 
2007 by (y) a fraction, the numerator being the number of days that elapsed 
from and including January 1, 2007 to but excluding the Closing Date and 
the denominator being 365); provided, further, if the Partnership and the 
other APO Corp. Subsidiary Partnerships, collectively, do not have 
sufficient funds to fully satisfy the APO Corp. Distribution Amount, then 
amounts otherwise distributable pursuant to this Section 4.01(a)(iv) shall 
not be distributed to the Limited Partners unless either (x) after giving 
pro-forma effect to such distribution, there is no payment default of the 
Issuer Convertible Notes or (y) the consent of the Noteholders has been 
given. It is understood that net income earned with respect to Fiscal Year 
2007 may not be determinable or paid until Fiscal Year 2008.

(b) Immediately following an Initial Offering, all distributions of 
Distributable Cash shall be made, at the discretion of the General Partner, 
to the Limited Partners pro rata in accordance with their respective 
Percentage Interests; provided, that:

(i) amounts attributable to net income earned by the Partnership with 
respect to Fiscal Year 2007 for the period prior to the Closing Date shall 
be distributed to the Limited Partners other than APO Corp. and their 
respective transferees (which net income shall be calculated by multiplying 
(x) the aggregate amount of net income earned by the Partnership with 
respect to Fiscal Year 2007 by (y) a fraction, the numerator being the 
number of days that elapsed from and including January 1, 2007 and to but 
excluding Closing Date and the denominator being 365), it being understood 
that net income earned with respect to Fiscal Year 2007 may not be 
determinable or paid until Fiscal Year 2008; and

(ii) amounts attributable to net income earned by the Partnership with 
respect to Fiscal Year 2007 for the period from and after the Closing Date 
but prior to the Offering Date shall be distributed to the Limited Partners 
immediately prior to Offering Date pro rata in accordance with their 
respective Percentage Interests prior the Offering Date (which net income 
shall be calculated by multiplying (x) the aggregate amount of net income 
earned by the Partnership with respect to Fiscal Year 2007 by (y) a 
fraction, the numerator being the number of days that elapsed from and 
including the Closing Date and to but excluding the Offering Date and the 
denominator being 365), it being understood that net income earned with 
respect to Fiscal Year 2007 may not be determinable or paid until Fiscal 
Year 2008; and

(iii) the distribution required pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(iii) shall be 
made before the application of this subsection (b).

(c) Tax Distributions.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) In addition to the foregoing, if the General Partner reasonably 
determines that the taxable income of the Partnership for a Fiscal Year 
will give rise to taxable income for the Partners (Net Taxable Income), 
the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to distribute Available 
Cash in respect of income tax liabilities (the Tax Distributions) to the 
extent that other distributions made by the Partnership for such year were 
otherwise insufficient to cover such tax liabilities, provided that 
distributions pursuant to Section 4.02 and allocations pursuant to Section 
5.04 related to such distributions shall not be taken into account for 
purposes of this Section 4.01(c). The Tax Distributions payable with 
respect to any Fiscal Year shall be computed based upon the General 
Partners estimate of the allocable Net Taxable Income in accordance with 
Article V, multiplied by the Assumed Tax Rate (the Tax Amount). For 
purposes of computing the Tax Amount, the effect of any benefit under 
Section 743(b) of the Code will be ignored. Any Tax distributions shall be 
made to all Partners, whether or not they are subject to such applicable 
U.S. federal, state and local taxes, pro rata in accordance with their 
Participation Percentages.

(ii) Tax Distributions shall be calculated and paid no later than one day 
prior to each quarterly due date for the payment by corporations on a 
calendar year of estimated taxes under the Code in the following manner (A) 
for the first quarterly period, 25% of the Tax Amount, (B) for the second 
quarterly period, 50% of the Tax Amount, less the prior Tax Distributions 
for the Fiscal Year, (C) for the third quarterly period, 75% of the Tax 
Amount, less the prior Tax Distributions for the Fiscal Year and (D) for 
the fourth quarterly period, 100% of the Tax Amount, less the prior Tax 
Distributions for the Fiscal Year. Following each Fiscal Year, and no later 
than one day prior to the due date for the payment by corporations of 
income taxes for such Fiscal Year, the General Partner shall make an 
amended calculation of the Tax Amount for such Fiscal Year (the Amended 
Tax Amount), and shall cause the Partnership to distribute a Tax 
Distribution, out of Available Cash, to the extent that the Amended Tax 
Amount so calculated exceeds the cumulative Tax Distributions previously 
made by the Partnership in respect of such Fiscal Year. If the Amended Tax 
Amount is less than the cumulative Tax Distributions previously made by the 
Partnership in respect of the relevant Fiscal Year, then the difference 
(the Credit Amount) shall be applied against, and shall reduce, the 
amount of Tax Distributions made for subsequent Fiscal Years. Within 30 
days following the date on which the Partnership files a tax return on Form 
1065, the General Partner shall make a final calculation of the Tax Amount 
of such Fiscal Year (the Final Tax Amount) and shall cause the 
Partnership to distribute a Tax Distribution, out of Available Cash, to the 
extent that the Final Tax Amount so calculated exceeds the Amended Tax 
Amount. If the Final Tax Amount is less than the Amended Tax Amount in 
respect of the relevant Fiscal Year, then the difference (Additional 
Credit Amount) shall be applied against, and shall reduce, the amount of 
Tax Distributions made for subsequent Fiscal Years. Any Credit Amount and 
Additional Credit Amount applied against future Tax Distributions shall be 
treated as an amount actually distributed pursuant to this Section 4.01(c) 
for purposes of the computations herein.


Section 4.02. Liquidation Distribution. Distributions made upon dissolution 
of the Partnership shall be made as provided in Section 9.03.


Section 4.03. Limitations on Distribution. Notwithstanding any provision to 
the contrary contained in this Agreement, the General Partner shall not 
make a Partnership distribution to any Partner if such distribution would 
violate Section 17-607 of the Act or other applicable Law.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE V


CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; CAPITAL ACCOUNTS;
TAX ALLOCATIONS; TAX MATTERS


Section 5.01. Initial Capital Contributions. The Partners have made, on or 
prior to the date hereof, Capital Contributions and have acquired the 
number of Class A Units as specified in the books and records of the 
Partnership.


Section 5.02. No Additional Capital Contributions. Except as otherwise 
provided in this Article V, no Partner shall be required to make additional 
Capital Contributions to the Partnership without the consent of such 
Partner or permitted to make additional capital contributions to the 
Partnership without the consent of the General Partner.


Section 5.03. Capital Accounts. A separate capital account (a Capital 
Account) shall be established and maintained for each Partner in 
accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). The Capital Account of each Partner shall be credited 
with such Partners Capital Contributions, if any, all Profits allocated to 
such Partner pursuant to Section 5.04 and any items of income or gain which 
are specially allocated pursuant to Section 5.05; and shall be debited with 
all Losses allocated to such Partner pursuant to Section 5.04, any items of 
loss or deduction of the Partnership specially allocated to such Partner 
pursuant to Section 5.05, and all cash and the Carrying Value of any 
property (net of liabilities assumed by such Partner and the- liabilities 
to which such property is subject) distributed by the Partnership to such 
Partner. Any references in any section of this Agreement to the Capital 
Account of a Partner shall be deemed to refer to such Capital Account as 
the same may be credited or debited from time to time as set forth above. 
In the event of any transfer of any interest in the Partnership in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee shall succeed 
to the Capital Account of the transferor to the extent it relates to the 
transferred interest.


Section 5.04. Allocations of Profits and Losses. Except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, Profits and Losses (and, to the extent 
necessary, individual items of income, gain or loss or deduction of the 
Partnership) shall be allocated in a manner such that the Capital Account 
of each Partner after giving effect to the Special Allocations set forth in 
Section 5.05 is, as nearly as possible, equal (proportionately) to (i) the 
distributions that would be made pursuant to Article IV if the Partnership 
were dissolved, its affairs wound up and its assets sold for cash equal to 
their Carrying Value, all Partnership liabilities were satisfied (limited 
with respect to each non-recourse liability to the Carrying Value of the 
assets securing such liability) and the net assets of the Partnership were 
distributed to the Partners pursuant to this Agreement, minus (ii) such 
Partners share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
Minimum Gain, computed immediately prior to the hypothetical sale of 
assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner shall make such 
adjustments to Capital Accounts as it determines in its sole discretion to 
be appropriate to ensure allocations are made in accordance with a 
partners interest in the Partnership, and in no event will APO Corp. be 
allocated Profits and Losses (or items thereof) attributable to any carried 
interest on private equity Funds related to either carry generating 
transactions that have closed prior to the Closing Date or carry generating 
transactions in which a definitive agreement has been executed prior to the 
Closing Date, but such carry generating transaction has not yet closed.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.05. Special Allocations. Notwithstanding any other provision in 
this Article V:

(a) Minimum Gain Chargeback. If there is a net decrease in Partnership 
Minimum Gain or Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain (determined in 
accordance with the principles of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(d) 
and 1.704-2(i)) during any Partnership taxable year, the Partners shall be 
specially allocated items of Partnership income and gain for such year 
(and, if necessary, subsequent years) in an amount equal to their 
respective shares of such net decrease during such year, determined 
pursuant to Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(i)(5). The 
items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.704-2(f). This Section 5.05(a) is intended to comply 
with the minimum gain chargeback requirements in such Treasury Regulations 
Sections and shall be interpreted consistently therewith; including that no 
chargeback shall be required to the extent of the exceptions provided in 
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(f) and 1.704-2(i)(4).

(b) Qualified Income Offset. If any Partner unexpectedly receives any 
adjustments, allocations, or distributions described in Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) or (6), items of 
Partnership income and gain shall be specially allocated to such Partner in 
an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate the deficit balance in such 
Partners Adjusted Capital Account Balance created by such adjustments, 
allocations or distributions as promptly as possible; provided that an 
allocation pursuant to this Section 5.05(b) shall be made only to the 
extent that a Partner would have a deficit Adjusted Capital Account Balance 
in excess of such sum after all other allocations provided for in this 
Article V have been tentatively made as if this Section 5.05(b) were not in 
this Agreement. This Section 5.05(b) is intended to comply with the 
qualified income offset requirement of the Code and shall be interpreted 
consistently therewith.

(c) Gross Income Allocation. If any Partner has a deficit Capital Account 
at the end of any Fiscal Year which is in excess of the sum of (i) the 
amount such Partner is obligated to restore, if any, pursuant to any 
provision of this Agreement, and (ii) the amount such Partner is deemed to 
be obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5), each such Partner 
shall be specially allocated items of Partnership income and gain in the 
amount of such excess as quickly as possible; provided that an allocation 
pursuant to this Section 5.05(c) shall be made only if and to the extent 
that a Partner would have a deficit Capital Account in excess of such sum 
after all other allocations provided for in this Article V have been 
tentatively made as if Section 5.05(b) and this Section 5.05(c) were not in 
this Agreement.

(d) Nonrecourse Deductions. Nonrecourse Deductions shall be allocated to 
the Partners in accordance with their respective Percentage Interests.

(e) Partner Nonrecourse Deductions. Partner Nonrecourse Deductions for any 
taxable period shall be allocated to the Partner who bears the economic 
risk of loss with respect to the liability to which such Partner 
Nonrecourse Deductions are attributable in accordance with Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.704-2(j).
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Creditable Non-U.S. Taxes. Creditable Non-U.S. Taxes for any taxable 
period attributable to the Partnership, or an entity owned directly or 
indirectly by the Partnership, shall be allocated to the Partners in 
proportion to the partners distributive shares of income (including income 
allocated pursuant to Section 704(c) of the Code) to which the Creditable 
Non-U.S. Tax relates (under principles of Treasury Regulations Section 
1.904-6). The provisions of this Section 5.07(f) are intended to comply 
with the provisions of Temporary Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-1T(b)(4)(xi), and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

(g) Ameliorative Allocations. Any special allocations of income or gain 
pursuant to Section 5.05(b) or (c) hereof shall be taken into account in 
computing subsequent allocations pursuant to Section 5.04 and this Section 
5.05(g), so that the net amount of any items so allocated and all other 
items allocated to each Partner shall, to the extent possible, be equal to 
the net amount that would have been allocated to each Partner if such 
allocations pursuant to Section 5.05(b) or (c) had not occurred.


Section 5.06. Tax Allocations. For income tax purposes, each item of 
income, gain, loss and deduction of the Partnership shall be allocated 
among the Partners in the same manner as the corresponding items of Profits 
and Losses and specially allocated items are allocated for Capital Account 
purposes; provided that in the case of any asset the Carrying Value of 
which differs from its adjusted tax basis for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to such asset shall 
be allocated solely for income tax purposes in accordance with the 
principles of Sections 704(b) and (c) of the Code (in any manner determined 
by the General Partner and permitted by the Code and Treasury Regulations) 
so as to take account of the difference between Carrying Value and adjusted 
basis of such asset. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner 
shall make such allocations for tax purposes as it determines in its sole 
discretion to be appropriate to ensure allocations are made in accordance 
with a partners interest in the Partnership.


Section 5.07. Tax Advances. To the extent the General Partner reasonably 
believes that the Partnership is required by law to withhold or to make tax 
payments on behalf of or with respect to any Partner or the Partnership is 
subjected to tax itself by reason of the status of any Partner (Tax 
Advances), the General Partner may withhold such amounts and make such tax 
payments as so required. All Tax Advances made on behalf of a Partner shall 
be repaid by reducing the amount of the current or next succeeding 
distribution or distributions which would otherwise have been made to such 
Partner or, if such distributions are not sufficient for that purpose, by 
so reducing the proceeds of liquidation otherwise payable to such Partner. 
For all purposes of this Agreement such Partner shall be treated as having 
received the amount of the distribution that is equal to the Tax Advance. 
Each Partner hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership 
and the other Partners from and against any liability (including, without 
limitation, any liability for taxes, penalties, additions to tax or 
interest other than any penalties, additions to tax or interest imposed as 
a result of the Partnerships failure to withhold or make a tax payment on 
behalf of such Partner which withholding or payment is required pursuant to 
applicable Law but only to the extent amounts sufficient to pay such taxes 
were not timely distributed to the Partner pursuant to Section 4.01(c)) 
with respect to income attributable to or distributions or other payments 
to such Partner.


Section 5.08. Tax Matters. The General Partner shall be the initial tax 
matters partner within the meaning of Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code (the 
Tax Matters Partner). The Partnership shall file as a partnership for 
federal, state, provincial and local income tax purposes,
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
except where otherwise required by Law. All elections required or permitted 
to be made by the Partnership, and all other tax decisions and 
determinations relating to federal, state, provincial or local tax matters 
of the Partnership, shall be made by the Tax Matters Partner, in 
consultation with the Partnerships attorneys and/or accountants. Tax 
audits, controversies and litigations shall be conducted under the 
direction of the Tax Matters Partner. The Tax Matters Partner shall keep 
the other Partners reasonably informed as to any tax actions, examinations 
or proceedings relating to the Partnership and shall submit to the other 
Partners, for their review and comment, any settlement or compromise offer 
with respect to any disputed item of income, gain, loss, deduction or 
credit of the Partnership. As soon as reasonably practicable after the end 
of each Fiscal Year, the Partnership shall send to each Partner a copy of 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service Schedule K-1, and any comparable statements 
required by applicable U.S. state or local income tax Law as a result of 
the Partnerships activities or investments, with respect to such Fiscal 
Year. The Partnership also shall provide the Partners with such other 
information as may be reasonably requested for purposes of allowing the 
Partners to prepare and file their own tax returns. The Partnership shall 
use any reasonable method or combination of methods in accordance with 
Section 706(d) of the Code for the purpose of allocating or specifically 
allocating items of income, gain, loss, deduction and expense of the 
Partnership for federal income tax purposes to account for the varying 
interests of the Partners for the Fiscal Year.


Section 5.09. Other Allocation Provisions. Certain of the foregoing 
provisions and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to the 
maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.704-1 (b) and shall be interpreted and applied in a 
manner consistent with such regulations. Section 5.03, Section 5.04 and 
Section 5.05 may be amended at any time by the General Partner if the 
General Partner believes such amendment is advisable, so long as any such 
amendment does not materially change the relative economic interests of the 
Partners. Furthermore, the General Partner shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to cause its subsidiaries to make adjustments to capital accounts 
to reflect an adjustment to the carrying value of such subsidiaries assets 
consistent with the adjustments to Carrying Values of the Partnerships 
assets hereunder.


ARTICLE VI


BOOKS AND RECORDS; REPORTS


Section 6.01. Books and Records.

(a) At all times during the continuance of the Partnership, the Partnership 
shall prepare and maintain separate books of account for the Partnership.

(b) Except as limited by Section 6.01(c), each Limited Partner shall have 
the right to receive, for a purpose reasonably related to such Limited 
Partners interest as a Limited Partner in the Partnership, upon reasonable 
written demand stating the purpose of such demand and at such Limited 
Partners own expense:

(i) a copy of the Certificate and this Agreement and all amendments 
thereto, together with a copy of the executed copies of all powers of 
attorney pursuant to which the Certificate and this Agreement and all 
amendments thereto have been executed; and
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) promptly after their becoming available, copies of the Partnerships 
federal, state and local income tax returns and reports, if any, for the 
three most recent years.

(c) The General Partner may keep confidential from the Limited Partners, 
for such period of time as the General Partner determines in its sole 
discretion, (i) any information that the General Partner reasonably 
believes to be in the nature of trade secrets or (ii) other information the 
disclosure of which the General Partner believes is not in the best 
interests of the Partnership, could damage the Partnership or its business 
or that the Partnership is required by law or by agreement with any third 
party to keep confidential.


ARTICLE VII


PARTNERSHIP UNITS


Section 7.01. Units. Interests in the Partnership shall be represented by 
Units. The Units initially are comprised of one Class: Class A Units. The 
General Partner may establish, from time to time in accordance with such 
procedures as the General Partner shall determine from time to time, other 
Classes, one or more series of any such Classes, or other Partnership 
securities with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties 
(which may be senior to existing Classes and series of Units or other 
Partnership securities), as shall be determined by the General Partner, 
including (i) the right to share in Profits and Losses or items thereof; 
(ii) the right to share in Partnership distributions; (iii) the rights upon 
dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership; (iv) whether, and the terms 
and conditions upon which, the Partnership may or shall be required to 
redeem the Units or other Partnership securities (including sinking fund 
provisions); (v) whether such Unit or other Partnership security is issued 
with the privilege of conversion or exchange and, if so, the terms and 
conditions of such conversion or exchange; (vi) the terms and conditions 
upon which each Unit or other Partnership security will be issued, 
evidenced by certificates and assigned or transferred; (vii) the method for 
determining the Percentage Interest as to such Units or other Partnership 
securities; and (viii) the right, if any, of the holder of each such Unit 
or other Partnership security to vote on Partnership matters, including 
matters relating to the relative designations, preferences, rights, powers 
and duties of such Units or other Partnership securities. Except as 
expressly provided in this Agreement to the contrary, any reference to 
Units shall include the Class A Units and any other Classes that may be 
established in accordance with this Agreement. All Units of a particular 
Class shall have identical rights in all respects as all other Units of 
such Class, except in each case as otherwise specified in this Agreement.


Section 7.02. Register. The register of the Partnership shall be the 
definitive record of ownership of each Unit and all relevant information 
with respect to each Partner. Unless the General Partner shall determine 
otherwise, Units shall be uncertificated and recorded in the books and 
records of the Partnership.


Section 7.03. Registered Partners. The Partnership shall be entitled to 
recognize the exclusive right of a Person registered on its records as the 
owner of Units for all purposes and shall not be bound to recognize any 
equitable or other claim to or interest in Units on the part of any other 
Person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, 
except as otherwise provided by the Act or other applicable Law.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VIII


FORFEITURE OF INTERESTS; TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS


Section 8.01. Limited Partner Transfers.

(a) Except as provided in clauses (b) and (c), of this Section 8.01, no 
Limited Partner or Assignee thereof may Transfer (including by exchanging 
in an Exchange Transaction) all or any portion of its Units or other 
interest in the Partnership (or beneficial interest therein) without the 
prior consent of the General Partner, which consent may be given or 
withheld, or made subject to such conditions (including, without 
limitation, the receipt of such legal opinions and other documents that the 
General Partner may require) as are determined by the General Partner, in 
each case in the General Partners sole discretion. Any such determination 
in the General Partners discretion in respect of Units shall be final and 
binding. Such determinations need not be uniform and may be made 
selectively among Limited Partners, whether or not such Limited Partners 
are similarly situated, and shall not constitute the breach of any duty 
hereunder or otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise. Any 
purported Transfer of Units that is not in accordance with, or subsequently 
violates, this Agreement shall be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
null and void.

(b) Notwithstanding clause (a) above, and subject to Section 8.03, each 
Limited Partner may exchange or otherwise Transfer Units in an Exchange 
Transaction pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement. In the case of 
an Transfer of Units in connection with an Exchange Transaction, the 
Percentage Interests of the Limited Partners shall be appropriately 
adjusted to provide for, as applicable, a decrease in the number of Units 
owned by the Exchanging Limited Partner and an increase in the number of 
Units owned by APO Corp.

(c) Notwithstanding clause (a) above, and subject to Section 8.04, each 
Limited Partner that is a party to a Roll-up Agreement may exchange or 
otherwise Transfer Units pursuant to the terms and provisions thereof.


Section 8.02. Encumbrances. No Limited Partner or Assignee may create an 
Encumbrance with respect to all or any portion of its Units (or any 
beneficial interest therein) other than Encumbrances that run in favor of 
the Limited Partner unless the General Partner consents in writing thereto, 
which consent may be given or withheld, or made subject to such conditions 
as are determined by the General Partner, in the General Partners sole 
discretion. Consent of the General Partner shall be withheld until the 
holder of the Encumbrance acknowledges the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement. Any purported Encumbrance that is not in accordance with this 
Agreement shall be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, null and void.


Section 8.03. Further Restrictions. Notwithstanding any contrary provision 
in this Agreement, in no event may any Transfer of a Unit be made by any 
Limited Partner or Assignee if:

(a) such Transfer is made to any Person who lacks the legal right, power or 
capacity to own such Unit;
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) such Transfer would require the registration of such transferred Unit 
or of any Class of Unit pursuant to any applicable United States federal or 
state securities laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Act or 
the Exchange Act) or other non-U.S securities laws (including Canadian 
provincial or territorial securities laws) or would constitute a non-exempt 
distribution pursuant to applicable provincial or state securities laws;

(c) such Transfer would not cause (i) all or any portion of the assets of 
the Partnership to (A) constitute plan assets (under ERISA, the Code or 
any applicable Similar Law) of any existing or contemplated Limited 
Partner, or (B) be subject to the provisions of ERISA, Section 4975 of the 
Code or any applicable Similar Law, or (ii) the General Partner to become a 
fiduciary with respect to any existing or contemplated Limited Partner, 
pursuant to ERISA, any applicable Similar Law, or otherwise;

(d) to the extent requested by the General Partner, the Partnership does 
not receive such legal and/or tax opinions and written instruments 
(including, without limitation, copies of any instruments of Transfer and 
such Assignees consent to be bound by this Agreement as an Assignee) that 
are in a form satisfactory to the General Partner, as determined in the 
General Partners sole discretion or

(e) such Transfer would create a substantial risk that the Partnership 
would be classified or otherwise treated other than as a partnership for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes.


Section 8.04. Rights of Assignees. Subject to Section 8.06, the transferee 
of any permitted Transfer pursuant to this Article VIII will be an assignee 
only (Assignee), and only will receive, to the extent transferred, the 
distributions and allocations of income; gain, loss, deduction, credit or 
similar item to which the Partner which transferred its Units would be 
entitled, and such Assignee will not be entitled or enabled to exercise any 
other rights or powers of a Partner, such other rights, and all obligations 
relating to, or in connection with, such Interest remaining with the 
transferring Partner. The transferring Partner will remain a Partner even 
if it has transferred all of its Units to one or more Assignees until such 
time as the Assignee(s) is admitted to the Partnership as a Partner 
pursuant to Section 8.05.


Section 8.05. Admissions, Withdrawals and Removals.

(a) No Person may be admitted to the Partnership as an additional General 
Partner or substitute General Partner without the prior written consent or 
ratification of Partners whose Percentage Interests exceed 50% of the 
Percentage Interests of all Partners in the aggregate. A General Partner 
will not be entitled to Transfer all of its Units or to withdraw from being 
a General Partner of the Partnership unless another General Partner shall 
have been admitted hereunder (and not have previously been removed or 
withdrawn).

(b) No Limited Partner will be removed or entitled to withdraw from being a 
Partner of the Partnership except in accordance with Section 8.07 hereof.

(c) Except as otherwise provided in Article IX or the Act, no admission, 
substitution, withdrawal or removal of a Partner will cause the dissolution 
of the Partnership. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any purported 
admission, withdrawal or removal that is not in accordance with this 
Agreement shall be null and void.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 8.06. Admission of Assignees as Substitute Limited Partners. An 
Assignee will become a substitute Limited Partner only if and when each of 
the following conditions is satisfied:

(a) the General Partner consents in writing to such admission, which 
consent may be given or withheld, or made subject to such conditions as are 
determined by the General Partner, in each case in the General Partners 
sole discretion;

(b) if required by the General Partner, the General Partner receives 
written instruments (including, without limitation, copies of any 
instruments of Transfer and such Assignees consent to be bound by this 
Agreement as a substitute Limited Partner) that are in a form satisfactory 
to the General Partner (as determined in its sole discretion);

(c) if required by the General Partner, the General Partner receives an 
opinion of counsel satisfactory to the General Partner to the effect that 
such Transfer is in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable Law; 
and

(d) if required by the General Partner, the parties to the Transfer, or any 
one of them, pays all of the Partnerships reasonable expenses connected 
with such Transfer (including, but not limited to, the reasonable legal and 
accounting fees of the Partnership).


Section 8.07. Withdrawal and Removal of Limited Partners. If a Limited 
Partner ceases to hold any Units, then such Limited Partner shall withdraw 
from the Partnership and shall cease to be a Limited Partner and to have 
the power to exercise any rights or powers of a Limited Partner.


ARTICLE IX


DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION AND TERMINATION


Section 9.01. No Dissolution. Except as required by the Act, the 
Partnership shall not be dissolved by the admission of additional Partners 
or withdrawal of Partners in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
The Partnership may be dissolved, liquidated wound up and terminated only 
pursuant to the provisions of this Article IX, and the Partners hereby 
irrevocably waive any and all other rights they may have to cause a 
dissolution of the Partnership or a sale or partition of any or all of the 
Partnership assets.


Section 9.02. Events Causing Dissolution. The Partnership shall be 
dissolved and its affairs shall be wound up upon the occurrence of any of 
the following events:

(a) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Partnership under 
Section 17-802 of the Act upon the finding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction that the General Partner (i) is permanently incapable of 
performing its part of this Agreement, (ii) has been guilty of conduct that 
is calculated to affect prejudicially the carrying on of the business of 
the Partnership, (iii) willfully or persistently commits a breach of this 
Agreement or (iv) conducts itself in a manner relating to the Partnership 
or its business such that it is not reasonably practicable for the other 
Partners to carry on the business of the Partnership with the General 
Partner;
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) any event which makes it unlawful for the business of the Partnership 
to be carried on by the Partners;

(c) the written consent of all Partners;

(d) any other event not inconsistent with any provision hereof causing a 
dissolution of the Partnership under the Act;

(e) the Incapacity or removal of the General Partner or the occurrence of a 
Disabling Event with respect to the General Partner; provided that the 
Partnership will not be dissolved or required to be wound up in connection 
with any of the events specified in this Section 9.02(e) if: (1) at the 
time of the occurrence of such event there is at least one other general 
partner of the Partnership who is hereby authorized to, and elects to, 
carry on the business of the Partnership; or (ii) all remaining Limited 
Partners consent to or ratify the continuation of the business of the 
Partnership and the appointment of another general partner of the 
Partnership, effective as of the event that caused the General Partner to 
cease to be a general partner of the Partnership, within 120 days following 
the occurrence of any such event, which consent shall be deemed (and if 
requested each Limited Partner shall provide a written consent or 
ratification) to have been given for all Limited Partners if the holders of 
more than 50% of the Units then outstanding agree in writing to so continue 
the business of the Partnership.


Section 9.03. Distribution upon Dissolution.

(a) Upon dissolution, the Partnership shall not be terminated and shall 
continue until the winding up of the affairs of the Partnership is 
completed. Upon the winding up of the Partnership, the General Partner, or 
any other Person designated by the General Partner (the Liquidation Agent
), shall take full account of the assets and liabilities of the 
Partnership and shall, unless the General Partner determines otherwise, 
liquidate the assets of the Partnership as promptly as is consistent with 
obtaining the fair value thereof. The proceeds of any liquidation shall be 
applied and distributed in the following order:

(b) First, to the satisfaction of debts and liabilities of the Partnership 
(including satisfaction of all indebtedness to Partners and/or their 
Affiliates to the extent otherwise permitted by law) including the expenses 
of liquidation, and including the establishment of any reserve which the 
Liquidation Agent shall deem reasonably necessary for any contingent, 
conditional or unmatured contractual liabilities or obligations of the 
Partnership (Contingencies). Any such reserve may be paid over by the 
Liquidation Agent to any attorney-at-law, or acceptable party, as escrow 
agent, to be held for disbursement in payment of any Contingencies and, at 
the expiration of such period as shall be deemed advisable by the 
Liquidation Agent for distribution of the balance in the manner hereinafter 
provided in this Section 9.03; and

(c) The balance, if any, to the Partners, pro rata to each of the Partners 
in accordance with their Percentage Interests.


Section 9.04. Time for Liquidation. A reasonable amount of time shall be 
allowed for the orderly liquidation of the assets of the Partnership and 
the discharge of liabilities to creditors so as to enable the Liquidation 
Agent to minimize the losses attendant upon such liquidation.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.05. Termination. The Partnership shall terminate when all of the 
assets of the Partnership, after payment of or due provision for all debts, 
liabilities and obligations of the Partnership, shall have been distributed 
to the holders of Units in the manner provided for in this Article IX, and 
the Certificate shall have been cancelled in the manner required by the 
Act.


Section 9.06. Claims of the Partners. The Partners shall look solely to the 
Partnerships assets for the return of their Capital Contributions, and if 
the assets of the Partnership remaining after payment of or due provision 
for all debts, liabilities and obligations of the Partnership are 
insufficient to return such Capital Contributions, the Partners shall have 
no recourse against the Partnership or any other Partner or any other 
Person. No Partner with a negative balance in such Partners Capital 
Account shall have any obligation to the Partnership or to the other 
Partners or to any creditor or other Person to restore such negative 
balance during the existence of the Partnership, upon dissolution or 
termination of the Partnership or otherwise, except to the extent required 
by the Act.


Section 9.07. Survival of Certain Provisions. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Agreement, the provisions of Section 10.02 and Section 
11.09 shall survive the termination of the Partnership.


ARTICLE X


LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION


Section 10.01. Liability of Partners.

(a) No Limited Partner shall be liable for any debt, obligation or 
liability of the Partnership or of any other Partner or have any obligation 
to restore any deficit balance in its Capital Account solely by reason of 
being a Partner of the Partnership, except to the extent required by the 
Act.

(b) This Agreement is not intended to, and does not, create or impose any 
fiduciary duty on any of the Partners (including without limitation, the 
General Partner) hereto or on their respective Affiliates. Further, the 
Partners hereby waive any and all fiduciary duties that, absent such 
waiver, may exist at or be implied by Law or in equity, and in doing so, 
recognize, acknowledge and agree that their duties and obligations to one 
another and to the Partnership are only as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement and those required by the Act.

(c) To the extent that, at law or in equity, any Partner (including without 
limitation, the General Partner) has duties (including fiduciary duties) 
and liabilities relating thereto to the Partnership or to another Partner, 
the Partners (including without limitation, the General Partner) acting 
under this Agreement will not be liable to the Partnership or to any such 
other Partner for their good faith reliance on the provisions of this 
Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they 
restrict or eliminate the duties and liabilities relating thereto of any 
Partner (including without limitation, the General Partner) otherwise 
existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Partners to replace to that 
extent such other duties and liabilities of the Partners relating thereto 
(including without limitation, the General Partner).
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) The General Partner may consult with legal counsel, accountants and 
financial or other advisors and any act or omission suffered or taken by 
the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership or in furtherance of the 
interests of the Partnership in good faith in reliance upon and in 
accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or financial or 
other advisors will be full justification for any such act or omission, and 
the General Partner will be fully protected in so acting or omitting to act 
so long as such counsel or accountants or financial or other advisors were 
selected with reasonable care.


(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or otherwise 
applicable provision of law or equity, whenever in this Agreement the 
General Partner is permitted or required to make a decision (i) in its 
sole discretion or discretion or under a grant of similar authority or 
latitude, such General Partner shall be entitled to consider only such 
interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and 
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, have no duty or 
obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors 
affecting the Partnership or the Limited Partners, or (ii) in its good 
faith or under another expressed standard, such General Partner shall act 
under such express standard and shall not be subject to any other or 
different standards.


Section 10.02. Indemnification.

(a) The General Partner (including, without limitation, for this purpose 
each former and present director, officer, consultant, advisor, manager, 
member, employee and stockholder of the General Partner) and each Limited 
Partner (including any former Limited Partner), in his capacity, as such, 
and to the extent such Limited Partner participates, directly or 
indirectly, in the Partnerships activities (each, a Covered Person and 
collectively, the Covered Persons) shall not be liable to the Partnership 
or, to the extent applicable, to any of the other Partners for any loss, 
claim, damage or liability occasioned by any acts or omissions in the 
performance of its services hereunder, unless it shall ultimately be 
determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right 
to appeal (a Final Adjudication) that such loss, claim, damage or 
liability is due to an act or omission of a Covered Person (i) made in bad 
faith or with criminal intent or (ii) that adversely affected the 
Partnership and that failed to satisfy the duty of care owed pursuant to 
the Partnership or as otherwise required by law.

(b) A Covered Person shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted 
by law by the Partnership against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, 
and expenses (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, penalties and 
amounts paid in settlement) incurred by or imposed upon him by reason of or 
in connection with any action taken or omitted by such Covered Person 
arising out of the Covered Persons status as a Partner or its activities 
on behalf of the Partnership, including in connection with any action, 
suit, investigation or proceeding before any judicial, administrative, 
regulatory or legislative body or agency to which it may be made a party or 
otherwise involved or with which it shall be threatened by reason of being 
or having been the General Partner or by reason of serving or having served 
as a director, officer, consultant, advisor, manager, member, partner, 
employee or stockholder of any enterprise in which the Partnership or any 
of its affiliates has or had a financial interest; provided that the 
Partnership may, but shall not be required to, indemnify a Covered Person 
with respect to any matter as to which there has been a Final Adjudication 
that its acts or its failure to act (i) were in bad faith or with criminal 
intent, or (ii) were of a nature that makes indemnification by the
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
relevant affiliate unavailable. The right to indemnification granted by 
this Section 10.02 shall be in addition to any rights to which a Covered 
Person may otherwise be entitled and shall inure to the benefit of the 
successors by operation of law or valid assigns of such Covered Person. The 
Partnership shall pay the expenses incurred by a Covered Person in 
defending a civil or criminal action, suit, investigation or proceeding in 
advance of the final disposition of such, action, suit, investigation or 
proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by the Covered Person to repay 
such payment if there shall be a Final Adjudication that it is not entitled 
to indemnification as provided herein. In any suit brought by the Covered 
Person to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder it shall be a 
defense that the Covered Person has not met the applicable standard of 
conduct set forth in this Section 10.02, and in any suit in the name of the 
Partnership to recover expenses advanced pursuant to the terms of an 
undertaking the Partnership shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon 
Final Adjudication that the Covered Person has not met the applicable 
standard of conduct set forth in this Section 10.02. In any such suit 
brought to enforce a right to indemnification or to recover an advancement 
of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving 
that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified, or to an 
advancement of expenses, shall be on the Partnership (or any Limited 
Partner acting derivatively or otherwise on behalf of the Partnership or 
the Limited Partners). The General Partner may not satisfy any right of 
indemnity or reimbursement granted in this Section 10.02 or to which it may 
be otherwise entitled except out of the assets of the Partnership 
(including, without limitation, insurance proceeds and rights pursuant to 
indemnification agreements), and no Partner shall be personally liable with 
respect to any such claim for indemnity or reimbursement. The General 
Partner may enter into appropriate indemnification agreements and/or 
arrangements reflective of the provisions of this Section 10.02 and obtain 
appropriate insurance coverage on behalf and at the expense of the 
Partnership to secure the Partnerships indemnification obligations 
hereunder and may enter into appropriate indemnification agreements and/or 
arrangements reflective of the provisions of this Section 10.02. Each 
Covered Person shall be deemed a third party beneficiary (to the extent not 
a direct party hereto) to this Agreement and, in particular, the provisions 
of this Section 10.02.

(c) To the extent that, at law or in equity, a Covered Person has duties 
(including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the 
Partnership or the Partners, the Covered Person shall not be liable to the 
Partnership or to any Partner for its good faith reliance on the provisions 
of this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that 
they restrict or eliminate the duties and liabilities of a Covered Person 
otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Partners to 
replace such other duties and liabilities of each such Covered Person.


ARTICLE XI


MISCELLANEOUS


Section 11.01. Severability. If any term or other provision of this 
Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by 
any rule of Law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of 
this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long 
as the economic or legal substance of the transactions is not affected in 
any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon a determination that any 
term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, 
the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as 
closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the 
transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated 
to the fullest extent possible.


Section 11.02. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other 
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall 
be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) by delivery in person, by 
courier service, by fax, by electronic mail (delivery receipt requested) or 
by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) 
to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other 
address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance 
with this Section 11.02):
 
  	(a) 	If to the Partnership, to:

Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P.
c/o Apollo Principal Holdings II GP, LLC
9 West 57th St., 43rd Floor
New York, NY 10019
 
  	(b) 	If to any Partner, to:

Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P.
c/o Apollo Principal Holdings II GP, LLC
9 West 57th St., 43rd Floor
New York, NY 10019
 
  	(c) 	If to the General Partner, to:

Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P.
c/o Apollo Principal Holdings II GP, LLC
9 West 57th St., 43rd Floor
New York, NY 10019


Section 11.03. Cumulative Remedies. The rights and remedies provided by 
this Agreement are cumulative and the use of any one right or remedy by any 
party shall not preclude or waive its right to use any or all other 
remedies. Said rights and remedies are given in addition to any other 
rights the parties may have by Law.


Section 11.04. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of all of the parties and, to the extent permitted by 
this Agreement, their successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legal 
representatives and assigns.


Section 11.05. Interpretation. Throughout this Agreement, nouns, pronouns 
and verbs shall be construed as masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or 
plural, whichever shall be applicable. Unless otherwise specified, all 
references herein to Articles, Sections and paragraphs shall refer to 
corresponding provisions of this Agreement.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 11.06. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered 
(including by facsimile transmission or other electronic means) in one or 
more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate 
counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to 
be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the 
same agreement. Copies of executed counterparts transmitted by telecopy or 
other electronic transmission service shall be considered original executed 
counterparts for purposes of this Section 11.06.


Section 11.07. Further Assurances. Each Limited Partner shall perform all 
other acts and execute and deliver all other documents as may be necessary 
or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.


Section 11.08. Entire Agreement.

(a) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties 
hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior 
agreements and understandings pertaining thereto.

(b) For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Limited Partners that serve as 
a senior managing director of any of the Apollo Operating Group or their 
subsidiaries may from time to time enter into agreements with the 
Partnership in respect of the terms of such service.


Section 11.09. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. To the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the General Partner and each 
Limited Partner hereby agree that any claim, action or proceeding by any 
Limited Partner seeking any relief whatsoever based on, arising out of or 
in connection with, this Agreement or the Partnerships business or affairs 
shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (or 
other appropriate state court in the State of Delaware) or the federal 
courts located in the State of Delaware, and not in any other state or 
federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other 
country. EACH PARTNER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.


Section 11.10. Expenses. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, 
the Partnership shall be responsible for all costs and expenses, including, 
without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors 
and accountants, incurred in connection with its operation.


Section 11.11. Amendments and Waivers.

(a) This Agreement (including the Annexes hereto) may be amended, 
supplemented, waived or modified by the written consent of the General 
Partner; provided that any amendment that would have a material adverse 
effect on the rights or preferences of any Class of Units in relation to 
other Classes of Units must be approved by the holders of not less than a 
majority of the Percentage Interests of the Class affected; provided 
further, that the General Partner may, without the written consent of any 
Limited Partner or any other Person, amend, supplement, waive or modify any 
provision of this Agreement and execute, swear to,
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
acknowledge, deliver, file and record whatever documents may be required in 
connection therewith, to reflect: (i) any amendment, supplement, waiver or 
modification that the General Partner determines to be necessary or 
appropriate in connection with the creation, authorization or issuance of 
any class or series of equity interest in the Partnership; (ii) the 
admission, substitution, withdrawal or removal of Partners in accordance 
with this Agreement; (iii) a change in the name of the Partnership, the 
location of the principal place of business of the Partnership, the 
registered agent of the Partnership or the registered office of the 
Partnership; (iv) any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification that 
the General Partner determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or 
appropriate to address changes in U.S. federal income tax regulations, 
legislation or interpretation; (v) a change in the Fiscal Year or taxable 
year of the Partnership and any other changes that the General Partner 
determines to be necessary or appropriate as a result of a change in the 
Fiscal Year or taxable year of the Partnership including a change in the 
dates on which distributions are to be made by the Partnership.

(b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or 
privilege hereunder (other than a failure or delay beyond a period of time 
specified herein) shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or 
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or 
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and 
remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any 
rights or remedies provided by Law.

(c) The General Partner may, in its sole discretion, unilaterally amend 
this Agreement on or before the effective date of the final regulations to 
provide for (i) the election of a safe harbor under Proposed Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.83-3(1) (or any similar provision) under which the 
fair market value of a partnership interest that is transferred is treated 
as being equal to the liquidation value of that interest, (ii) an agreement 
by the Partnership and each of its Partners to comply with all of the 
requirements set forth in such regulations and Notice 2005-43 (and any 
other guidance provided by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to 
such election) with respect to all partnership interests transferred in 
connection with the performance of services while the election remains 
effective, (iii) the allocation of items of income, gains, deductions and 
losses required by the final regulations similar to Proposed Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(4)(xii)(b) and (c), and (iv) any other 
related amendments.

(d) Except as may be otherwise required by law in connection with the 
winding-up, liquidation, or dissolution of the Partnership, each Partner 
hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have to maintain 
an action for judicial accounting or for partition of any of the 
Partnerships property.


Section 11.12. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be 
binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the parties hereto and 
their permitted assigns and successors and nothing herein, express or 
implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person or entity, 
any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever 
under or by reason of this Agreement (other than pursuant to Section 10.02 
hereof).


Section 11.13. Headings. The headings and subheadings in this Agreement are 
included for convenience and identification only and are in no way intended 
to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or intent of this 
Agreement or any provision hereof.
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 11.14. Construction. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees it 
has had the opportunity to draft, review and edit the language of this 
Agreement and that it is the intent of the parties hereto that no 
presumption for or against any party arising out of drafting all or any 
part of this Agreement will be applied in any dispute relating to, in 
connection with or involving this Agreement. Accordingly, the parties 
hereby waive to the fullest extent permitted by law the benefit of any rule 
of Law or any legal decision that would require that in cases of 
uncertainty, the language of a contract should be interpreted most strongly 
against the party who drafted such language.


Section 11.15. Power of Attorney. Each Limited Partner, by its execution 
hereof, hereby irrevocably makes, constitutes and appoints the General 
Partner as its true and lawful agent and attorney in fact, with full power 
of substitution and full power and authority in its name, place and stead, 
to make, execute, sign, acknowledge, swear to, record and file (a) this 
Agreement and any amendment to this Agreement that has been adopted as 
herein provided; (b) the original certificate of limited partnership of the 
Partnership and all amendments thereto required or permitted by law or the 
provisions of this Agreement; (c) all certificates and other instruments 
(including consents and ratifications which the Limited Partners have 
agreed to provide upon a matter receiving the agreed support of Limited 
Partners) deemed advisable by the General Partner to carry out the 
provisions of this Agreement (including the provisions of Section 8.04) and 
Law or to permit the Partnership to become or to continue as a limited 
partnership or partnership wherein the Limited Partners have limited 
liability in each jurisdiction where the Partnership may be doing business; 
(d) all instruments that the General Partner deems appropriate to reflect a 
change or modification of this Agreement or the Partnership in accordance 
with this Agreement, including, without limitation, the admission of 
additional Limited Partners or substituted Limited Partners pursuant to the 
provisions of this Agreement; (e) all conveyances and other instruments or 
papers deemed advisable by the General Partner to effect the liquidation 
and termination of the Partnership; and (f) all fictitious or assumed name 
certificates required or permitted (in light of the Partnerships 
activities) to be filed on behalf of the Partnership.


Section 11.16. Letter Agreements: Schedules. The General Partner may, or 
may cause the Partnership to, without the approval of any Limited Partner 
or other Person, enter into separate letter agreements with individual 
Limited Partners with respect to any matter, in each case on terms and 
conditions not inconsistent with this Agreement, which have the effect of 
establishing rights under, or supplementing the terms of, this Agreement. 
The General Partner may from time to time execute and deliver to the 
Limited Partners schedules which set forth information contained in the 
books and records of the Partnership and any other matters deemed 
appropriate by the General Partner. Such schedules shall be for information 
purposes only and shall not be deemed to be part of this Agreement for any 
purpose whatsoever.


Section 11.17. Partnership Status. The parties intend to treat the 
Partnership as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date first written above.
 
General Partner: 	  	 	  	APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS II GP, LLC
  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ John J. Suydam
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	John J. Suydam
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Vice President
 
Limited Partners: 	  	 	  	BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, L.P.
  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	Black Family GP, LLC,
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	its General Partner
  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Leon D. Black
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Leon D. Black
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Manager
  	 	  	MJR FOUNDATION LLC
  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Marc J. Rowan
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Marc J. Rowan
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Manager
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	/s/ Joshua J. Harris
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Joshua J. Harris


[Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P. - LPA]