 EX-10.3 4 v122546_ex10-3.htm

FORM OF PLEDGE AGREEMENT
 
THIS PLEDGE AGREEMENT ("Agreement"), dated as of ___________ __, 2008, is 
executed by and between ASIA SPECIAL SITUATION ACQUISITION CORP., a Cayman 
Island corporation ("ASSAC"), having an office c/o M&C Corporate Services 
Limited, P.O. Box 309GT, Ugland House, South Church Street, George Town, 
Grand Cayman; CHINA TEL GROUP, INC., a Nevada corporation (“CHTL”) having 
an office at 8105 Irvine Center Drive, Suite 800, Irvine, CA 92618; and 
HORWITZ, CRON & JASPER, P.L.C., a law firm formed under the laws of the 
State of California (the “Collateral Agent”) and having an office at Four 
Venture Plaza, Suite 390, Irvine, CA 92618. ASSAC, CHTL and their 
respective officers, directors, shareholders, authorized representatives 
and affiliates are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the “
Business Parties.”
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the ASSAC has purchased from CHTL certain 
shares of Class A common stock (“Class A Common Shares”) and Series A 
preferred stock (“Series A Preferred Shares”) of CHTL (collectively, the “
Purchased Securities”), pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated 
stock purchase agreement, dated July __, 2008 (the “Purchase Agreement”); 
and
 
WHEREAS, ASSAC has paid a portion of the purchase price for such Purchased 
Securities by issuing and delivering to CHTL ASSAC’s non-interest bearing 
promissory note in $____________ principal amount, due March 31, 2009, and 
dated of even date herewith (the “Note”); and
 
WHEREAS, in order to secure the payment and performance of the obligations, 
liabilities and indebtedness of ASSAC in favor of CHTL under the Note, 
ASSAC has agreed to pledge to the CHTL certain of the Purchased Securities 
specified below, and has delivered such Purchased Securities to the 
Collateral Agent for the benefit of CHTL;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual 
covenants set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto hereby agree as follows:

1.  Pledge; Non-Recourse Obligation.

(a) ASSAC hereby pledges, as pledgor, to CHTL, as pledgee, and grants to 
CHTL a first priority lien on and security interest in all of ASSAC's 
right, title and interest in and to an aggregate of __________ Series A 
Preferred Shares of CHTL (collectively, the “Pledged Securities”), together 
with all proceeds from the sale of the Pledged Securities, all dividends 
paid in capital stock respect of the Pledged Securities and any property or 
securities delivered to the holder of the Pledged Securities in respect 
thereof in the event of a merger or takeover of CHTL by an unaffiliated 
third party (collectively, with the Pledged Securities, the "Pledged 
Collateral").

(b) ASSAC hereby agrees to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (i) 
the Pledged Securities, (ii) assignments separate from the Pledged 
Securities substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, undated and 
appropriately endorsed in blank, with respect to the Pledged Securities 
comprising the Pledged Collateral and (iii) if legally required, such 
financing statements as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request with 
respect to the Pledged Collateral (or, if execution by ASSAC is not 
required pursuant to the applicable Uniform Commercial Code, ASSAC hereby 
authorizes the Collateral Agent to file all financing statements deemed 
necessary by CHTL to perfect the security interests granted hereunder), 
(iii) take such other steps as CHTL may from time to time reasonably 
request to perfect CHTL's security interest in the Pledged Collateral or 
any part thereof under applicable law, and (iv) after the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default, to execute and deliver on 
behalf of ASSAC such other documents of transfer as CHTL or the Collateral 
Agent may from time to time reasonably require to enable CHTL to transfer 
the Pledged Collateral into the name of CHTL or the name of its nominee 
(all of the foregoing are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "
Assignments").
 
 
-1-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c) CHTL hereby agrees to deliver to the Collateral Agent the original of 
the Note to be held under this terms of this Agreement. By its execution of 
this Agreement, the CHTL does hereby acknowledge and agree that 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary, express or implied, contained in 
this Agreement or in the Note:

(i) Nothing contained in the Note or any other agreement or instrument 
shall be deemed or construed to constitute a guaranty or undertaking by 
ASSAC or any officer, director, shareholder, employee, agent or consultant 
of ASSAC, or any other person, of any of the obligations of ASSAC under the 
Note or this Agreement; it being understood and agreed by CHTL that, absent 
the receipt by ASSAC of funds from the issuance and sale of its securities 
or the exercise of outstanding ASSAC warrants on or prior to the Maturity 
Date of the Note, ASSAC will not have any funds or financial resources to 
pay all or any portion of its obligations under the Note on the Maturity 
Date or otherwise;

(ii) CHTL hereby acknowledges and agrees that the sole source for payment 
of the outstanding principal amount of the Note shall be the proceeds from 
the issuance and sale of securities of ASSAC or the foreclosure and 
transfer to CHTL of the Pledged Collateral under this Agreement. 
Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, express or 
implied, contained in the Note or in this Agreement:

(i) absent only acts or omissions of ASSAC constituting actual fraud 
against CHTL, neither ASSAC, ASSAC nor any officer, director, shareholder, 
employee, agent or consultant of ASSAC, or any other person shall have any 
personal liability or obligation to CHTL pursuant to the Note or this 
Agreement; and

(ii) except for such Pledged Collateral, none of the assets or properties 
of ASSAC, or any officer, director, shareholder, employee, agent or 
consultant of ASSAC, or any other person (including without limitation any 
portion of the ordinary shares of ASSAC owned by its existing shareholders 
or their transferees) shall be subject to any claims, attachments, liens, 
security interests or rights in favor of ASSAC to secure payment of the 
Note.

2.  Security for Secured Obligations. The Pledged Collateral secures the 
prompt and complete payment, performance and observance of the Note 
(including, without limitation, all obligations and liabilities of ASSAC 
thereunder).

3.  Delivery of Pledged Securities. 

(a) On each occasion that the outstanding principal amount of this Note is 
prepaid in part and reduced or paid in full, in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 5(b) of the Note, a corresponding amount of the 
Pledged Securities (valued (i) as to the Class A Common Shares of CHTL held 
under this Pledge Agreement at $2.25 per share, and (ii) as to any shares 
of Series A Preferred Shares of CHTL held under this Pledge Agreement, at 
the $10.00 per share purchase price) shall be released by the Collateral 
Agent from this Pledge Agreement and delivered to the Maker, free and clear 
of all liens, claims and encumbrances created by such Pledge Agreement. The 
Collateral Agent shall deliver such of the Pledged Securities to be 
released from this Pledge Agreement to ASSAC, within not later than five 
(5) Business Days following receipt of confirmation, in a form and manner 
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, that a full or partial 
prepayment of the Note has been made by or on behalf of ASSAC. Delivery of 
Pledged Collateral released from this Pledge Agreement shall be made by the 
Collateral Agent to the Maker, c/o Hodgson Russ LLP at 1540 Broadway, 24th 
floor, New York, New York 10036, attn: Stephen A. Weiss, Esq. or such other 
person as may be designated from time to time by ASSAC
 
 
-2-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) In the event and to the extent that the Note shall not have been paid 
in full by the March 31, 2009 Maturity Date of the Note (unless such 
Maturity Date shall be extended in writing by the Payee), the amount of the 
Pledged Securities then being held under the terms of the Pledge Agreement 
which are not then subject to release and delivery to ASSAC pursuant to 
Section 3(a) above), shall be returned by the Collateral Agent to CHTL for 
cancellation and, simultaneous with such return, this Note shall cancelled 
and shall be returned by the Collateral Agent to ASSAC. The Collateral 
Agent shall redeliver such of the Pledged Collateral to be delivered to 
CHTL and CHTL shall deliver this Note to ASSAC, in each case, within not 
later than five (5) Business Days following the Maturity Date of the Note 
or the occurrence and continuation of an earlier “Event of Default” under 
the Note and following receipt of confirmation, in a form and manner 
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, that the entire Note has 
not been paid in full
 
4.  Pledged Collateral Adjustments. If during the term of this Agreement:
 
(a)  any non-cash dividend or distribution, reclassification, readjustment 
or other change is declared or made in the capital structure of CHTL, or 
any option, warrant or similar instrument included within the Pledged 
Collateral is exercised, or both, or
 
(b)  any subscription, warrants, options shall be issued in connection with 
the Pledged Collateral, then ASSAC shall (i) promptly deliver new, 
substituted and additional shares, warrants, options, or other equity 
securities, issued by reason of any of the foregoing, and all certificates 
and other instruments evidencing the same to CHTL to be held under the 
terms of this Agreement and shall constitute Pledged Collateral hereunder, 
and (ii) promptly deliver to CHTL or the Collateral Agent such additional 
Pledged Collateral.
 
5.  Remedies; Transfer of Pledged Collateral and Cancellation of Note. 
 
(a) In the event and to the extent any portion of the Note shall not have 
been paid in cash on the March 31, 2009 Maturity Date of such Note, as its 
sole and exclusive remedy under this Agreement and the Note, CHTL shall, 
upon not less than five (5) days prior written notice to ASSAC and the 
Collateral Agent, cause the Collateral Agent to transfer back to CHTL or 
its designee such portion of the Pledged Collateral referred above to in 
Section 3(b) of this Agreement.
 
(b) At the time the collateral Agent transfers the Pledged Collateral back 
to CHTL as contemplated by Section 5(a) above, such Collateral Agent shall 
also deliver to ASSAC the Note held under this Agreement, marked, 
“cancelled.”

6.  Representations and Warranties. ASSAC hereby represents and warrants as 
of the date hereof to CHTL as follows:

(a)  ASSAC is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Collateral 
owned by ASSAC, free and clear of any lien, except for the lien created by 
this Agreement;
 
(b)  The Pledged Securities have been duly authorized and are exercisable 
in accordance with their terms and, when exercised in accordance therewith, 
upon exercise and full payment to the Business Combination Company of the 
exercise price specified in the Pledged Securities, the Warrant Shares 
shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; 
and
 
 
-3-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(c)  ASSAC has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, 
assign, deposit, pledge and grant a lien on or otherwise transfer all of 
its rights in the Pledged Collateral free and clear of any liens and, upon 
exercise of the Pledged Securities and issuance of Warrant Shares, has the 
right to vote the Warrant Shares;

7.  Voting Rights.  

(a) During the term of this Agreement, and except as otherwise provided in 
Section 7(b) below, ASSAC shall have the right to vote, on all questions 
presented to the holders of capital stock of CHTL, such number of shares of 
the Pledged Securities forming all or a portion of the Pledged Collateral, 
to the extent of such number of shares of the Pledged Securities which, 
when coupled with the 46,666,667 Class A Common Shares of CHTL and the 
Class B Common Shares of CHTL issued to ASSAC under the Purchase Agreement, 
shall represent fifty-one percent (51%) or more of the aggregate voting 
power of all classes of capital stock of CHTL entitled to vote at any 
regular or special meeting of CHTL shareholders or in connection with any 
other consents or approvals required to be obtained from CHTL shareholders. 
In scuh connect, the Collateral Agent will deliver all necessary documents 
to allow ASSAC to take such action upon ASSAC's request.

(b) After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, 
CHTL may, at CHTL's option, exercise all voting and other consensual rights 
and powers pertaining to the Pledged Collateral (to the extent it may 
vote). ASSAC hereby agrees to execute all proxies or other instruments, 
documents or agreements deemed reasonably necessary by CHTL to evidence the 
right to vote the Pledged Collateral as provided hereunder, and ASSAC 
agrees that it shall not be entitled to rescind, revoke or otherwise modify 
CHTL's vote executed in accordance with this Section 7. Any and all proxies 
executed by ASSAC pursuant to this Section 7 shall be deemed for all 
purposes to be a proxy coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable 
until the payment in full, in cash, of all amounts due under the Note (the 
"Obligations").
 
8.  Dividends and Other Distributions. The Collateral Agent shall be 
entitled to receive any and all stock dividends and other distributions 
paid in respect of the Pledged Collateral which dividends and/or 
distributions shall be deemed to be held in escrow if received by CHTL and 
shall become part of the Pledged Collateral upon receipt thereof. 
 
9.  Transfers and Other Liens. ASSAC agrees that until all of the 
Obligations are paid in full, it will not (i) sell or otherwise dispose of, 
or grant any option or other rights with respect to, any of the Pledged 
Collateral without the prior written consent of CHTL, or (ii) create or 
permit to exist any lien upon or with respect to any of the Pledged 
Collateral, except for the lien created by this Agreement.  

10. Termination. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until
 the earliest to occur of (i) the payment of the Note in full, (ii) the 
consummation of the “Merger” on the Merger Date” (as those terms are 
defined in the Purchase Agreement), or (iii) the transfer of the Pledged 
Collateral and the Note contemplated by Section 5 of this Agreement. Upon 
the termination of this Agreement as provided above, this Agreement shall 
automatically terminate and all liens and security interests created 
hereunder shall terminate and be released. Upon confirmation of payment in 
full of the Note, if any UCC-1 Financing Statements were previously filed, 
the Collateral Agent shall file any UCC-3 Termination Statements releasing 
the lien and security interest created by the Assignments.
 
 
-4-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

11. Agreements with and Duties of the Collateral Agent.

(a) The Collateral Agent shall be under no duty to give the Pledged 
Collateral held by it hereunder any greater degree of care than it gives 
its own similar property.

(b) If the Collateral Agent is permitted or required to deliver any of the 
Pledged Collateral or pay money back to any Business Party or Business 
Parties, such payment shall be made by check or by wire transfer, at the 
Collateral Agent's sole discretion, unless the Collateral Agent shall have 
received written notice from such Business Party or Business Parties of a 
new and/or different postal address or unless this Agreement shall have 
provided otherwise. If payment is made by check or Pledged Collateral is to 
be delivered, the same shall be mailed to the address specified by the 
Business Party(s) in this Agreement (or to a new or different address 
subsequently specified to Collateral Agent by writing from such Business 
Party(s)).
 
(c) Whenever authorization shall be provided by the terms of this Agreement 
for the payment or delivery of Pledged Collateral by the Collateral Agent 
to one or more Business Parties and there is no express requirement 
hereunder for written instructions from the applicable Business Party(s) 
before such delivery is made, the Collateral Agent shall notify all 
Business Parties and, in its sole discretion, may defer payment or defer 
return or delivery of Pledged Collateral until such written requirement or 
consent is received from all of the Business Parties (or, depending on the 
Collateral Agent’s requirements, from less than all of them). Where 
Collateral Agent determines to so defer payment or delivery, the Collateral 
Agent shall give written notice to the Business Parties of such 
determination.

(e) It is expressly understood and agreed that under no circumstances shall 
the Collateral Agent be required to pay or have paid to any Business 
Party(s) any sum not representing proceeds from the sale of any Pledged 
Collateral that may be delivered to the Collateral Agent.
 
(f) It is intended that the duties and responsibilities of the Collateral 
Agent shall be limited to ministerial duties and responsibilities to the 
maximum extent permitted by law. In keeping with that intent, it is agreed 
that the receipt by Collateral Agent of Exhibit B, or an alternative 
written instrument containing the substantive information or content that 
is in Exhibit B (whether or not also including other information and 
content not inconsistent with the request and approval of delivery or 
disbursement action proposed to be taken by the Collateral Agent) shall, in 
the absence of actual knowledge by the Collateral Agent of falsehood, fraud 
or other intentional or gross misconduct on the part of any of the Business 
Parties that would render the proposed action under the written instrument 
to be inappropriate, be full and sufficient justification and authorization 
for the proposed payment or disbursement action by the Collateral Agent. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, express or implied, contained in 
this Agreement, if the Collateral Agent shall receive written instructions 
from CHTL in accordance with Alternative Instructions 2 of Exhibit B (or 
words of similar import), the Collateral Agent shall: (i) furnish a copy of 
such instructions to ASSAC at the address designated on Exhibit B (or any 
alternative address requested by ASSAC in writing), and (ii) take no action 
with respect to such written request until a date which shall be not less 
than (A) five (5) days following the March 31, 2009 Maturity Date of the 
Note, or (B) twenty (20) days following receipt of such written 
instructions from CHTL that ASSAC has committed any Event of Default under 
the Note, other than the failure to make payment of the Note on the 
Maturity Date.
 
(g) The ministerial reliance by Collateral Agent on the written instrument 
referred to in Section 11(f) shall be full and sufficient justification and 
authorization, as stated in such Section, notwithstanding a determination 
that Collateral Agent had certain specified discretionary inquiry powers 
and opportunities that Collateral Agent did not pursue or that, absent the 
provisions of Section 11(f) above, Collateral Agent had (or might have had) 
fiduciary responsibilities to investigate before making any such payment or 
disbursement and did not do so.
 
 
-5-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(h) The Collateral Agent shall have no duty or responsibility to enforce 
collection of any check delivered to it and subsequently dishonored, nor 
shall Collateral Agent have any duty or responsibility to give notice to 
any Business Party of such attempted payment and the subsequent dishonor 
thereof.
 
(i) The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon the accuracy, act 
in reliance upon the contents, and assume the genuineness of any notice, 
instruction, certificate, signature (including copies of signature pages), 
instrument or other document (in each case, whether a copy, facsimile or 
original) which is given to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this 
Agreement, without the Collateral Agent being obligated to undertake any 
action or investigation to verify the truth or accuracy thereof -- unless 
the Collateral Agent has actual knowledge that the document or other 
document, instruction, certificate or signature is not accurate, truthful, 
authorized or genuine. For purposes of this Section 11(i), “Actual 
knowledge, or any other instance where “knowledge” would be required (and, 
therefore, “actual knowledge” would be required as a standard of 
“knowledge”) shall consist of actual and conscious apprehension and 
understanding, presently in the mind or consciousness of the person acting 
for Collateral Agent (as opposed to knowledge previously known but not 
currently remembered or consciously being thought about) and shall be 
limited to such “actual knowledge” by an attorney in Collateral Agent’s 
firm who is currently actively engaged in the management of the Collateral 
Agent and who is made aware of the document, etc. that is the subject of 
this Section 11(i). For purposes of this Agreement “knowledge” (being 
required to be “actual knowledge”) shall not included knowledge of any 
other attorney or person in Hodgson Russ who is not directly involved in 
making decisions regarding, or managing, the Hodgson Russ activities as 
Collateral Agent. Knowledge by others within Hodgson Russ shall not be 
imputed to the persons described above for purposes of determining whether 
“knowledge” or “actual knowledge” existed. Persons (lawyers) at Collateral 
Agent as to whom “actual knowledge” is relevant under this Section 11(i) 
currently includes Lawrence Horwitz, Esq. and Lawrence Cron, Esq.
 
(j) The Collateral Agent may consult with and act relative hereto upon 
advice of counsel of its own selection in reference to any matter connected 
herewith, and shall not be liable to any of the parties hereto, or their 
respective legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns, for any 
action taken in good faith on the advice of counsel or for any mistake of 
fact or error of judgment, or for any acts or omissions of any kind taken 
or made in good faith unless caused by its willful misconduct or gross 
negligence.
 
(k) The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for, or have any duty to 
inquire into, or be required to enforce any of the terms and provisions of 
any document or agreement other than this Agreement.
 
(l) Without limiting the foregoing, the Collateral Agent shall not be 
responsible for, or have any duty to inquire into, monitor or enforce 
obligations between any of the Business Parties as to (i) whether there was 
support or justification for any such Business Party to act in accordance 
with written instructions of such Business Party or any other Business 
Party in attached Exhibit B or any written alternative acceptable to 
Collateral Agent that included (with anything else) the material or content 
of Exhibit B, or (ii) whether any Business Party properly uses and applies 
funds received by it, whether from the Collateral Agent or third parties, 
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or other applicable 
documents. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, express or implied, 
contained in this Agreement, if the Collateral Agent shall receive written 
instructions from CHTL in accordance with Alternative Instructions 2 of 
Exhibit B (or words of similar import), the Collateral Agent shall: (i) 
furnish a copy of such instructions to ASSAC at the address designated on 
Exhibit B (or any alternative address requested by ASSAC in writing), and 
(ii) take no action with respect to such written request until a date which 
shall be not less than twenty (20) days following receipt of such written 
instructions from CHTL.
 
 
-6-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(m) This Agreement sets forth exclusively the duties of the Collateral 
Agent with respect to any and all matters pertinent hereto and no implied 
duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the 
Collateral Agent.
 
(n) If the Collateral Agent shall be uncertain as to its duties or rights 
hereunder or if it receives instructions with respect to the Pledged 
Collateral or any funds that may be derived from the sale or transfer of 
any Pledged Collateral, which, in the Collateral Agent’s sole discretion, 
it determines to be in actual or potential conflict with this Agreement or 
other instructions that it has received, the Collateral Agent shall be 
excused from taking action that it might otherwise be required to take, and 
its sole obligation shall be to keep safely all property held in escrow 
until the uncertainty is resolved. Such uncertainty can be resolved by 
written and signed agreement among all affected Business Parties or by 
order or judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, naming the involved 
Business Parties as participants in the action or proceeding brought to 
obtain judicial determination of the involved uncertain duties and 
obligations.
 
(o) Alternatively, the Collateral Agent may, in its discretion, seek 
judicial determination of any dispute or uncertainty and/or deposit all of 
the Pledged Collateral and any funds that may be derived from the sale or 
transfer of any Pledged Collateral, in Court pursuant to proceedings under 
New York law.
 
(p) The Collateral Agent makes no representation as to the validity, value, 
genuineness or collectability of any portion or all of the Pledged 
Collateral held by or delivered to it.
 
 (q) In the event that:
 
(i) the Collateral Agent shall receive any conflicting or inconsistent 
notices or instructions from any one or more of the Business Parties, or
 
(ii) there shall be any disagreement between or among any of the Business 
Parties, resulting in adverse claims or demands being made in connection 
with the subject matter of this Agreement, or
 
(iii) there shall be any disagreement between or among any of the Business 
Parties and any other person, resulting in adverse claims or demands being 
made in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement, or
 
(iv) the Collateral Agent, in good faith, shall be in doubt as to what 
action it should take hereunder,
 
then, and in any such event, Collateral Agent may, at its option, refuse to 
comply with any notices, instructions, claims or demands on it, or refuse 
to take any other action hereunder, so long as such disagreement continues 
or such doubt exists, and in any such event, the Collateral Agent shall not 
become liable in any way or to any person for its failure or refusal to 
act. The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to continue so to refrain from 
acting until (A) the rights of all Business Parties or other third 
person(s) shall have been fully and finally adjudicated by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or (B) all differences shall have been adjusted and 
all doubt resolved by agreement among all of the interested persons, and 
the Collateral Agent shall have been notified thereof in writing signed by 
all such persons. The Collateral Agent shall have the option, after thirty 
(30) days’ notice to the Business Parties of its intention to do so, to 
file an action in interpleader requiring the parties to answer and litigate 
any claims and rights among themselves.
 
 
-7-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
The rights of the Collateral Agent under this Section 11(q) are cumulative 
of all other rights which it may have by law or otherwise.
 
(r) The Collateral Agent does not have and will not have any interest in 
the Pledged Collateral or any funds that may be derived from the sale or 
transfer of any Pledged Collateral, but is serving only as escrow holder 
and has only possession thereof.
 
(s) The Collateral Agent’s duties and responsibilities shall be determined 
only with reference to this Agreement. The Collateral Agent is not charged 
with any duties or responsibilities in connection with any other document 
or agreement.
 
(t) The Collateral Agent may execute any of its powers or responsibilities 
hereunder either directly or by or through its agents or attorneys and the 
Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence 
on the part of any agent or attorney appointed with due care by it 
hereunder.
 
(u) Each of Business Parties do hereby release the Collateral Agent from 
any act done or omitted to be done by the Collateral Agent in good faith in 
the performance of its duties hereunder, and each of Business Parties do 
hereby jointly and severally agree to fully indemnify the Collateral Agent 
and its directors, officers, employees and agents (the “Collateral Agent 
Indemnified Parties”) for, and to hold each of them harmless from and 
against, any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (including 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) incurred by the Collateral Agent 
Indemnified Parties, arising out of or in connection with the Collateral 
Agent entering into this Agreement and carrying out its duties hereunder, 
including the reasonable costs and expenses of defending itself from any 
claim or liability; provided, however, that the Collateral Agent 
Indemnified Parties shall not be entitled to indemnification hereunder for 
losses, liabilities and expenses caused by the willful misconduct, fraud or 
gross negligence of any of the Collateral Agent Indemnified Parties. The 
agreements contained in this Section 11(u) shall survive despite any 
termination of this Agreement or the resignation or removal of the 
Collateral Agent.
 
(v) The Collateral Agent shall not incur any liability for not performing 
any act or fulfilling any duty, obligation or responsibility hereunder by 
reason of any occurrence beyond the control of the Collateral Agent 
(including but not limited to any act or provision of any present or future 
law or regulation or governmental authority, any act of God or war, or the 
unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or 
communication facility).
 
(w) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event 
shall the Collateral Agent be liable for consequential loss or damage of 
any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), regardless 
of the form of action.
 
(x) The Collateral Agent may resign at any time or be removed by the 
written mutual consent of the Business Parties. No resignation or removal 
of the Collateral Agent and no appointment of a successor Collateral Agent, 
however, shall be effective until the acceptance or removal of the 
Collateral Agent in the manner herein provided. In the event of the 
resignation or removal of the Collateral Agent, the Business Parties shall 
in good faith agree upon a successor Collateral Agent. If the Business 
Parties are unable to agree upon a successor Collateral Agent within 
fourteen (14) days after receipt of a notice of resignation or removal is 
given, the Collateral Agent may deposit the Pledged Collateral and any 
funds delivered to the Collateral Agent from the sale or transfer of any 
Pledged Collateral with a court of competent jurisdiction and may petition, 
at the sole expense of the Business Parties, a court of competent 
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent. Any 
successor Collateral Agent shall execute and deliver to the predecessor 
Collateral Agent and the Business Parties an instrument accepting such 
appointment and the transfer of the Pledged Collateral and any funds 
delivered to the Collateral Agent from the sale or transfer of any Pledged 
Collateral and agreeing to the terms of this Agreement, and thereupon such 
successor Collateral Agent shall, without further act, become vested with 
all the estates, properties, rights, powers and duties of the predecessor 
Collateral Agent as if originally named herein.
 
 
-8-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(y) Any law firm with which the Collateral Agent may merge or consolidate 
shall be the successor Collateral Agent without further act.
 
(z) At any time CHTL can request the Collateral Agent to resign, the 
Collateral Agent agrees to resign and another Collateral Agent acceptable 
to both ASSAC and CHTL shall be appointed as Collateral Agent.

12. Definitions. The singular shall include the plural and vice versa and 
any gender shall include any other gender as the context may require.
 
13. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of ASSAC, CHTL and their respective successors and assigns. 
ASSAC's successors and assigns shall include, without limitation, a 
receiver, trustee or debtor-in-possession of or for ASSAC.
 
13. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND 
GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA WITHOUT REGARD TO 
CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS 
OF ANY STATE OTHER THAN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
 
14. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall 
be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable 
law, but, if any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be prohibited 
or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only 
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the 
remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
 
15. Further Assurances. ASSAC agrees that it will cooperate with CHTL and 
the Collateral Agent and will execute and deliver, or cause to be executed 
and delivered, all such other assignments separate from certificate, 
proxies, instruments and documents, and will take all such other actions, 
including, without limitation, the execution and filing of financing 
statements, as CHTL or the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from 
time to time m order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this 
Agreement.
 
16. Notices. Except as otherwise provided herein, whenever it is provided 
herein that any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, declaration or 
other communications shall or may be given to or served upon any of the 
parties by any other party, or whenever any of the parties desires to give 
or serve upon any other communication with respect to this Agreement, each 
such notice, demand, request, consent, approval, declaration or other 
communication shall be in writing and shall be given (and deemed to have 
been given) to the address on record with the sending party and otherwise 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Note.
 
17.  Amendments, Waivers and Consents. No amendment to, modification or 
waiver of, or consent with respect to, any provision of this Agreement 
shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and 
signed and delivered by CHTL and ASSAC, and then any such amendment, 
modification, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific 
instance and for the specific purpose for which given.
 
18.  Section Headings. The section headings in this Agreement are inserted 
for convenience of reference and shall not be considered a part of this 
Agreement or used in its interpretation.
 
19.  Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any 
number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of 
which shall together constitute one and the same agreement. Any such 
counterpart which may be delivered by facsimile transmission shall be 
deemed the equivalent of an originally signed counterpart and shall be 
fully admissible in any enforcement proceedings regarding this Agreement.
 
 
-9-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
20.  Merger. This Agreement represents the final agreement of ASSAC and 
CHTL with respect to the matters contained herein and may not be 
contradicted by evidence of prior or contemporaneous agreements, or 
subsequent oral agreements, between ASSAC and CHTL.
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]
       
 
-10-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have each caused this Pledge 
Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of 
the date first set forth above.
 
PLEDGOR:
 
ASIA SPECIAL SITUATION ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	  	 
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Dr. Gary T. Hirst, President
  	  	
 
 
PLEDGEE:
 
CHINA TEL GROUP, INC.
  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	  	 
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  George Alvarez, President
  	  	
 
 
COLLATERAL AGENT:
 
HORWITZ, CRON & JASPER, P.L.C.
  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	  	 
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Lawrence Horwitz, Partner
  	  	
 
 
-11-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
EXHIBIT A
 
FORM OF ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM CERTIFICATE
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, ________________________, does hereby 
sell,  assign and transfer unto __________________, warrants to purchase 
ordinary shares of ____________________________ (the “Pledged Securities
”), standing in the name of the undersigned on the books of said 
corporation and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint 
____________________________________, as Agent, as the undersigned's true 
and lawful attorney, for it and in its name and stead, to sell, assign and 
transfer all or any of the Shares, and for that purpose to make and execute 
all necessary acts of assignment and transfer thereof; and to substitute 
one or more persons with like full power, hereby ratifying and confirming 
all that said attorney or substitute or substitutes shall lawfully do by 
virtue hereof.
 
Dated: __________________
 
[_____________, a_____________, ___________]
 
  	  	  	 
By: 	  	  	 
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Name: _______________________________
  	  	
  	  	  	 
Its: _________________________________
  	  	
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                          
EXHIBIT B
 
LETTER OF INSTRUCTION

HORWITZ, CRON & JASPER, P.L.C.,
Four Venture Plaza, Suite 390,
Irvine, CA 92618
Attn: Lawrence Horwitz, Esq.

Re: Pledge Agreement, dated __________ 2008 among Asia Special Situation 
Acquisition Corp. (“ASSAC”), China Tel Group, Inc. (“CHTL”), and Horwitz, 
Cron & Jasper, P.L.C. (“Collateral Agent”).

Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the above captioned Pledge Agreement. Unless otherwise 
defined herein, all capitalized terms shall have the same meaning as is 
defined in the Pledge Agreement.

Alternative Instructions 1

You are hereby instructed to release the following items of the Pledged 
Collateral of CHTL in your possession to ASSAC.

_________ shares of Class A Common Stock and ____________ shares of Series 
A Preferred Stock.

Very truly yours,
 
China Tel Group, Inc. 	  	  	Asia Special Situation Acquisition Corp.
  	  	 
By: 	  	  	By:
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  ______________, Authorized Signatory
  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  ______________, Authorized Signatory
 
Alternative Instructions 2

Please be advised that an Event of Default under the Note has occurred and 
is continuing, as a result of which you are hereby instructed to release 
all of the Pledged Collateral in your possession to China Tel Group, Inc.

Very truly yours,
 
China Tel Group, Inc. 
  	  	
  	  	 
By: 	  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  ______________, Authorized Signatory
  	  	
   

cc:   Dr. Gary T. Hirst
  ASIA SPECIAL SITUATION ACQUISITION CORP
  c/o M&C Corporate Services Limited, P.O. Box 309GT,
  gland House, South Church Street, George Town, Grand Cayman
  
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
EXHIBIT C

Names, Emails and signature(s) for:
 
Person(s) Designated to give Instructions to the Collateral Agent
 
  If from ASSAC:

Name
  	
Email
  	
Signature
  	  	  	  	 
Dr. Gary T. Hirst
  	
gary@axiat.com
  	
___________________________

  If from CHTL

Name
  	
Email
  	
Signatures
  	  	  	  	 
George Alvarez
 
or
 
________________
  	
____________________
  	
__________________________
 
 
 
___________________________

All instructions must include the signature of the person(s) authorizing 
said instructions.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 