 EX-10.1 2 v122546_ex10-1.htm
 
Amended and Restated
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
ASIA SPECIAL SITUATION ACQUISITION CORP.
 
as the Purchaser of
Capital Stock
of
 
CHINA TEL GROUP, INC.

Dated: as of July 31, 2008

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), is 
entered into this 6th day of August, 2008, to be effective as of July 31, 
2008 (the “Effective Date”), by and among Asia Special Situation 
Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands corporation (the “Purchaser”); China 
Tel Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation, formerly known as Mortlock Ventures, 
Inc. (the “Company”); Trussnet USA, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Trussnet
”); and George Alvarez and the other Persons listed on the signature page 
as “Company Principal Stockholders.” The Purchaser, the Company, Trussnet 
and the Company Principal Stockholders are sometimes referred to 
collectively herein as the “Parties”, and each individually as a “Party”.
 
RECITALS
 
This Agreement is being entered into by the Purchaser based, in part, upon 
the truth and accuracy of the following factual Recitals, each of which 
shall be deemed to be additional representations and warranties by the 
Company and Trussnet:
 
A. The Company, through Trussnet, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, 
is in the business of designing, developing, operating and maintaining 
wireless communications facilities throughout the world.
 
B. CECT-Chinacomm Communications Co., Ltd., a company incorporated under 
the laws of the People’s Republic of China (“Chinacomm”), is and on the 
Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) shall be the holder of a basic 
spectrum license (the “WiMAX License”) issued by the Ministry of 
Information Industry of China (“MII”) authorizing the ChinaComm to provide 
and deploy fixed 3.5 GHz of wireless world-wide interoperability for 
microwave access (“WiMAX”) wireless broadband operations in 29 cities in 
the People’s Republic of China (the “Wireless Installations”).
 
C. Trussnet is an entity formed on April 4, 2008 to engage in the design, 
engineering, manufacture and installation of space-frames, trusses 
structures and the management of telecommunications facilities in Asia (“
Trussnet Delaware”).
 
D. Trussnet owns a 100% equity interest in Trussnet Gulfstream (Dahlian) 
Co., Ltd. (“Trussnet Gulfstream”), a foreign investment enterprise 
established under the laws of the Peoples Republic of China (the “PRC”). 
Trussnet Gulfstream has entered into that certain Exclusive Technical 
Services Agreement dated May 23, 2008 (the “Technical Agreement”) with 
Yunji Communications Technology (China) Co. Ltd. a wholly foreign-owned 
investment enterprise (“Yunji”). Pursuant to the terms of the Technical 
Agreement, Trussnet Gulfstream will provide technical and professional 
assistance to Yunji to assist Yunji in performing the services described in 
the Management Agreement referred to in Paragraph E below. Attached as 
Exhibit A is a fully executed copy of the Technical Agreement.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
E. Pursuant to the terms of that certain Exclusive Technical and Management 
Consulting Services Agreement dated May 23, 2008 (the “Management Agreement
”), Yunji will provide technical and management services on an exclusive 
basis to Chinacomm for the procurement, installation, operation and 
maintenance of the Wireless Installation. Yunji has a contractual interest 
in the revenues of Chinacomm. Attached as Exhibit B is a fully executed 
copy of the Management Agreement.
 
F. Pursuant to that certain lease agreement, dated May 23, 2008 between 
Trussnet Gulfstream, as lessor, and Yunji, as lessee (the “Equipment Lease 
Agreement”), Trussnet Gulfstream will lease to Yunji certain equipment 
required for the Wireless Installations (the “Equipment”). Pursuant to that 
certain sublease agreement dated May 23, 2008, between Yunji, as sublessor, 
and Chinacomm, as sublessee (the Equipment Sublease Agreement”), Yunji will 
sublease the Equipment to Chinacomm certain equipment required for the 
Wireless Installations. Attached as Exhibit C-1 is a fully executed copy of 
the Equipment Lease Agreement and attached hereto as Exhibit C-2 is a fully 
executed copy of the Equipment Sublease Agreement.
 
G. Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement and the Equipment 
Sublease Agreement referred to above, Yunji will be entitled to receive 
100% of the revenues realized by Chinacomm from the operation of the 
Wireless Installations.
 
H. Pursuant to the terms of that certain Subscription and Shareholders’ 
Agreement, dated May 23, 2008 (the “Subscription Agreement”), among: (i) 
Gulfstream Capital Partners Ltd., a Seychelles corporation, and a 100% 
owned subsidiary of Trussnet (“Gulfstream Capital”), (ii) Chinacomm Limited
, a Cayman Islands corporation (“Chinacomm Cayman”), (iii) Chinacomm, (iv) 
Qui Ping (“Qui”) and Yuan Yi (“Yuan”), (v) Newtop Holdings Limited (“
Newtop”), (vi) Thrive Century International Limited, a British Virgin 
Islands corporation (“Thrive”), and (vii) CECT Chinacomm Shanghai Co. Ltd
., a PRC corporation (“Chinacomm Shanghai”), Trussnet, through its wholly 
owned subsidiary Gulfstream Capital, is to provide $196,000,000 in 
financial assistance as a capital investment and to finance the leasing of 
certain equipment for the benefit of Chinacomm, in exchange for 
2,450,000,000 ordinary shares of Chinacomm Cayman, constituting the legal 
and beneficial ownership of 49% of the equity of Chinacomm Cayman on a 
Fully-Diluted Basis. Attached as Exhibit D is a fully executed copy of the 
Subscription Agreement.
 
I. The Technical Agreement, the Management Agreement, the Equipment Lease 
Agreement, the Equipment Sublease Agreement and the Subscription Agreement 
are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Chinacomm Agreements”.
 
J. To facilitate, among other things, the performance of Trussnet under the 
Chinacomm Agreements, the Purchaser desires, in accordance with the terms 
of this Agreement, to acquire for a maximum of $270,000,000: (a) certain 
shares of the Class A common stock of the Company (the “Class A Common 
Shares”), (b) certain shares of the Class B common stock of the Company, a 
description of which is set forth as Exhibit E hereto (the “Class B Common 
Shares”), and (c) certain shares of the Series A preferred stock of the 
Company, a description of which is set forth in Exhibit F hereto (the “
Series A Preferred Shares”). The acquisition of the Class A Common Shares, 
the Class B Common Shares and the Series A Preferred Shares is sometimes 
collectively referred to herein as the “Stock Purchase,” and the Class A 
Common Shares and the Series A Preferred Shares that may be purchased by 
the Purchaser on the Closing Date are hereinafter sometimes collectively 
referred to as the “Purchased Securities.”.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
K. On July 8, 2008, the Purchaser, the Company and Trussnet entered into a 
stock purchase agreement (the “Prior Agreement”).
 
L. The Purchaser, the Company, Trussnet and the Company Principal 
Stockholders desire to amend and restate in its entirety the Prior 
Agreement and enter into this Agreement in order, inter alia, to provide 
from the “Merger” (as hereinafter defined) between the Company and the 
Purchaser, all upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. Upon 
execution of this Agreement, the Parties agree that the Prior Agreement 
shall no longer be of any force or effect.
 
M. The Board of Directors of the Company, Trussnet and the Purchaser and 
the Company Principal Stockholders have each deemed it advisable, and in 
the best interests of the Company and the Purchaser respectively, to 
consummate the Stock Purchase and the Merger, in accordance with the terms 
of this Agreement, in order to advance the long-term strategic business 
interests of the Company and the Purchaser.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants 
contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, 
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 
SELECTED DEFINED TERMS AND INTERPRETATION
 
1.1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined in the Recitals and 
other terms defined herein, the following capitalized terms shall have the 
respective meanings specified in this Article I. Other terms defined 
elsewhere herein shall have meanings so given them.
 
1.1.1. Additional Investment The term “Additional Investment” shall mean 
the cash purchase by one or more Additional Investors on the Closing Date 
of securities of either the Company or the Purchaser, in the aggregate 
amount of not less than One Hundred and Five Million Dollars ($105,000,000) 
and all upon such terms and conditions as shall be satisfactory to both the 
Company and the Purchaser, in the exercise of their sole discretion.
 
1.1.2. Additional Investors The term Additional Investor” shall mean one or 
more strategic or institutional Persons who shall, on or before the Closing 
Date, make the Additional Investment.
 
1.1.3. Affiliate. The term “Affiliate” shall mean a Person that directly or 
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, 
or is under common control with, the first Person.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.1.4. Business Day. The term “Business Day(s)” shall mean the individual 
or collective reference to any one or more calendar days, excluding 
Saturday or Sunday or another day in which any of the national banks 
located in the United States or the PRC are closed for business.
 
1.1.5. Class A Common Shares. The term “Class A Common Shares” shall mean 
the 500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock authorized for issuance by 
the Company pursuant to its certificate of incorporation.
 
1.1.6. Class A Common Shares and Equivalents. The term “Class A Common 
Shares and Equivalents” shall mean the sum of (a) the aggregate number of 
Class A Common Shares and (b) the aggregate number of Class A Common Shares 
issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares, if any, that may 
be purchased by the Purchaser under this Agreement.
 
1.1.7. Class B Common Shares. The term “Class B Common Shares” shall mean 
the 200,000,000 shares of Class B common stock authorized for issuance by 
the Company pursuant to its certificate of incorporation.
 
1.1.8. Common Stock. The term “Common Stock” shall refer to either or both 
of the Class A Common Shares and Class B Common Shares that have been 
authorized for issuance by the Company pursuant to its certificate of 
incorporation.
 
1.1.9. Control. The term “Control” (including the terms “controlled by” and 
“under common control with”) shall mean the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management 
policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, 
by contract or otherwise.
 
1.1.10. Chinacomm Parties. The term “Chinacomm Parties” shall mean the 
collective reference to Chinacomm, Trussnet Gulfstream, Yunji, Gulfstream 
Capital, Chinacomm Cayman, Qui, Yuan, Newtop, Thrive, and Chinacomm 
Shanghai.
 
1.1.11. Due Diligence Investigation. The term “Due Diligence Investigation” 
shall mean consummation by the Purchaser of an investigation of the 
business, assets and liabilities, financial condition, legal and regulatory 
matters (including decisions and approvals of PRC Regulatory Authorities) 
and prospects of each of the Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties, 
including, without limitation, a review of all Financial Statements (when 
furnished), and confirmation of the statements, warranties and satisfaction 
of all conditions precedent contained in this Agreement and in each of the 
Chinacomm Agreements; all of which investigation shall be satisfactory to 
the Purchaser, in the exercise of its sole discretion.
 
1.1.12. Employment Agreement. The term “Employment Agreement” shall mean 
the five year employment agreement between the Company and George Alvarez 
the execution of which shall be a condition precedent to the closing of the 
Stock Purchase.
 
1.1.13. Financial Statements. The term “Financial Statements” shall mean 
the collective reference to: (a) the audited balance sheets and statement 
of income or operations and statement of cash flows of the Company as of 
June 30, 2006 and June 30, 2007 and for each of the two fiscal years ended 
June 30, 2007, (b) the unaudited comparative balance sheets and statements 
of income or operations and cash flows of the Company as at March 31, 2008 
and for the nine months ended March 31, 2008; (c) the unaudited balance 
sheet as at June 30, 2008 and the unaudited consolidated statements of 
income or operations and statement of cash flows of Trussnet and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries from inception through the period ended June 30, 
2008; and (d) if, and only to the extent required under GAAP and 
Regulations S-X promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(i) the audited balance sheets and statements of income or operations and 
cash flows of Chinacomm as at December 31, 2006, and December 31, 2007, and 
(ii) the unaudited comparative balance sheets and statements of income or 
operations and cash flows of Chinacomm as at June 30, 2007 and June 30, 
2008 and for the six months ended June 30, 2007 and June 30, 2008.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.1.14. Fully Diluted Basis. The term “Fully Diluted Basis” shall mean, 
with respect to the Person in question, the sum of: (a) the aggregate 
number of issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity 
interests of such Person at any point in time, plus (b) such additional 
shares of capital stock or other equity interests that would be issued and 
outstanding on a fully-diluted basis, assuming: (i) the conversion into 
capital stock (including without limitation, Class A Common Shares, Class B 
Common Shares and Series A Preferred Shares) of all securities issued by 
such Person, or (ii) the exercise of all options, warrants or other rights 
entitling any holder to purchase shares of capital stock or other equity 
interests of such Person.
 
1.1.15. GAAP. The term “GAAP” means, at any time or for any period in 
question, United States generally acceptable accounting principles then in 
effect.
 
1.1.16. Knowledge. The term “Knowledge” shall mean actual knowledge after 
reasonable investigation.
 
1.1.17. Management Stockholders. The term “Management Stockholders” shall 
mean the collective reference to George Alvarez and the other Persons 
listed on Schedule 3.8(a) to this Agreement.
 
1.1.18. Material Adverse Change. The term “Material Adverse Change” shall 
mean a change which results in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
1.1.19. Material Adverse Effect. The term “Material Adverse Effect” shall 
mean: with respect to the Person in question: (i) a material adverse effect 
(whether taken individually or in the aggregate with all other such 
effects) on the financial condition, business, results of operations or 
properties of such Person; or (ii) an effect which would materially impair 
the Person’s ability to timely consummate the transactions contemplated 
under this Agreement; or (iii) any event, circumstance or condition 
affecting a Person which would prevent or materially delay the consummation 
of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement.
 
1.1.20. Merger. The term “Merger” shall mean the merger, to be effected 
following the Closing of the Purchaser’s acquisition of the Purchased 
Securities pursuant to this Agreement, all upon the terms and conditions 
set forth in the Merger Agreement.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.1.21. Merger Agreement. The term “Merger Agreement” shall mean the 
agreement and plan of merger in substantially the form of Exhibit G 
annexed hereto and made a part hereof, pursuant to which a wholly-owned 
acquisition subsidiary of the Purchaser will be merged into the Company, 
with the Company as the surviving corporation of such merger, as a result 
of which the Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Purchaser.
 
1.1.22. Merger Date. The term “Merger Date” shall mean the date that the 
certificate of merger and articles of merger with respect to the Merger 
shall have been filed with the appropriate filing authorities in the State 
of Nevada.
 
1.1.23. MII. The term “MII” shall mean the Ministry of Information and 
Industry of the People’s Republic of China.
 
1.1.24. Preferred Stock. The term “Preferred Stock” shall refer to the 
Series A Preferred Shares and any other shares of preferred stock of the 
Company authorized for issuance pursuant to its certificate of 
incorporation.
 
1.1.25. Ordinary Course of Business. The term “Ordinary Course of Business” 
shall mean the course of business procedures and practices consistent with 
past custom and practice (including with respect to quantity and 
frequency).
 
1.1.26. PRC Regulatory Authorities. The term “PRC Regulatory Authorities” 
shall mean the collective reference to: (a) the MII, (b) the State Agency 
of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”), (b) the China Securities Regulatory 
Commission (“CSRC”), and (c) any other agency or instrumentality of the 
central PRC government and/or any Provincial governmental agency having 
jurisdiction over Chinacomm and the Chinacomm Parties.
 
1.1.27. Person. The term “Person” means an individual, partnership, limited 
liability company, corporation, association, joint stock company, trust, a 
joint venture, unincorporated organization, or any other type of entity.
 
1.1.28. Purchased Securities. The term “Purchased Securities” shall mean 
the aggregate number of the Class A Common Shares and/or Series A Preferred 
Shares that shall be purchased by the Purchaser in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement.
 
1.1.29. Purchaser Note. The term “Purchaser Note” shall have the meaning as 
is defined in Section 2.1.2(b) of this Agreement.
 
1.1.30. Requirement of Law. The term “Requirement of Law” shall mean, with 
respect to any Person, any judgment, statute, law, code, act, order, writ, 
rule, ordinance, regulation, governmental consent or governmental 
requirement, or determination or decree of any arbitrator, court, or other 
governmental agency or administrative body, which now or at any time 
hereafter may be applicable to and enforceable against the relevant Person, 
work, or activity in question or any part thereof.
 
1.1.31. Sale of Control. The term “Sale of Control” means, with respect to 
any Party to this Agreement or any Trussnet Subsidiary, the sale or 
transfer to any unaffiliated Person of securities of such Party or Trussnet 
Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of the assets of such Party or 
Trussnet Subsidiary, whether by merger, consolidation, combination, asset 
sale, stock sale, tender offer or otherwise, in a transaction whereby the 
power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such Party or 
Trussnet Subsidiary shall be vested in such unaffiliated Person.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.1.32. SEC. The term “SEC” shall mean the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission.
 
1.1.33. Securities Act. The term “Securities Act” shall mean the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended.
 
1.1.34. Series A Preferred Shares. The term “Series A Preferred Shares” 
shall mean the 25,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Shares of the 
Company authorized for issuance pursuant to its certificate of 
incorporation.
 
1.1.35. Tax or Taxes. The term “Tax” or “Taxes” shall mean any federal, 
state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, license, payroll, 
employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall 
profits, environmental, customs duties, capital stock, franchise, profits, 
withholding, social security (or similar), unemployment, disability, real 
property, personal property, sales, use, transfer, registration, value 
added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind 
whatsoever, including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether 
disputed or not.
 
1.1.36. Tax Return. The term “Tax Return” shall mean any return, 
declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement 
relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and 
including any amendment thereof.
 
1.1.37. Transaction Expenses. The term “Transaction Expenses” shall mean 
and include all reasonable, actual, and documented out-of-pocket expenses 
(including, without limitation, all reasonable fees and expenses of 
counsel, accountants, and investment bankers to a Party and its Affiliates) 
incurred by a Party or on its behalf in connection with or related to: (i) 
the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution, and performance of 
this Agreement; (ii) the preparation, printing, filing, and mailing of any 
SEC Filings made or contemplated by that Party in connection with this 
Agreement and the transactions envisioned hereunder, including, without 
limitation, Purchaser’s proxy statement, the Company’s information 
statement relating to the Merger and Purchaser’s registration statement on 
Form S-4 or Form F-4 to be filed to register the ordinary shares of 
Purchaser or be issued in the Merger; and (iii) all other matters related 
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement.
 
1.1.38. WiMAX License Renewal. The term “WiMAX License Renewal” shall have 
the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.6 of this Agreement.
 
1.1.39. WiMAX License Renewal Date. The term “WiMAX License Renewal Date” 
shall be the date on which the MII shall have issued (by its official seal 
or “chop”) the WiMAX License Renewal.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.1.40. Accounting Terms and Determinations. All accounting terms used in 
this Agreement and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning accorded to 
them in accordance with GAAP and, except as expressly provided herein, all 
accounting determinations shall be made in accordance with GAAP, 
consistently applied. When used herein, the term “financial statements” 
shall include the notes and schedules attached thereto. The term “GAAP” 
means generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied as in 
effect from time to time.
 
1.2. Interpretation.
 
1.2.1. Provision Not Construed Against Party Drafting Agreement. This 
Agreement is the result of negotiations by and between the Parties, and 
each Party has had the opportunity to be represented by independent legal 
counsel of its choice. This Agreement is the product of the work and 
efforts of all Parties, and shall be deemed to have been drafted by all 
Parties. In the event of a dispute, no Party hereto shall be entitled to 
claim that any provision should be construed against any other Party by 
reason of the fact that it was drafted by one particular Party.
 
1.2.2. Number and Gender. Wherever from the context it appears appropriate: 
(i) each term stated either in the singular or plural shall include the 
singular and plural; and (ii) wherever from the context it appears 
appropriate, the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender, shall each include 
the others.
 
1.2.3. Incorporation of Exhibits and Schedules. The Exhibits and Schedules 
identified in this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and made 
a part hereof as if set out in full herein.
 
1.2.4. Article and Section Headings. The article and section headings used 
in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and 
are not to be used in any manner to interpret this Agreement.
 
1.3. Severability. Each and every provision of this Agreement is severable 
and independent of any other term or provision of this Agreement. If any 
term or provision hereof is held void or invalid for any reason by a court 
of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the remainder 
of this Agreement.
 
1.4. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, and all Exhibits hereto and all 
references, documents, or instruments referred to herein, contains the 
entire agreement and understanding of the Parties hereto in respect to the 
subject matter contained herein. The Parties have expressly not relied upon 
any promises, representations, warranties, agreements, covenants, or 
undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or referred to in this 
Agreement and in the Exhibits hereto. This Agreement and the Exhibits 
hereto supersedes any and all prior written or oral agreements, 
understandings, and negotiations between the Parties with respect to the 
subject matter contained herein or therein.
 
1.5. Additional Definitions and Interpretation Provisions. For purposes of 
this Agreement: (i) those words, names, or terms which are specifically 
defined herein shall have the meaning specifically ascribed to them; (ii) 
the words “hereof”, “herein”, “hereunder”, and words of similar import, 
when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole, and 
not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (iii) all references to 
designated “Articles”, “Sections”, and to other subdivisions are to the 
designated Articles, Sections, and other subdivisions of this Agreement as 
originally executed; (iv) all references to “Dollars” or “$” shall be 
construed as being United States dollars; (v) the term “including” is not 
limiting and means “including without limitation”; and (vi) all references 
to all statutes, statutory provisions, regulations, or similar 
administrative provisions shall be construed as a reference to such 
statute, statutory provision, regulation, or similar administrative 
provision as in force at the Effective Date and as may be subsequently 
amended.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ARTICLE II
 
THE PURCHASED SECURITIES
 
2.1. The Purchased Securities, Purchase Price and Post-Closing Option.
 
2.1.1 The Purchased Securities 
 
(a) On the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) and subject to the terms 
and conditions set forth herein, the Purchaser shall purchase and acquire 
and the Company shall sell to the Purchaser the Purchased Securities, 
including, without limitation, an aggregate of 120,000,000 Class A Common 
Shares and Equivalents. Such Purchased Securities shall be evidenced by the 
Company’s delivery to the Purchaser on the Closing Date of:
 
(i) that number of Class A Common Shares determined by dividing (i) the 
Cash Payment (as defined in Section 2.1.2(a) below) paid at Closing, by 
(ii) $2.25; and
 
(ii) that number of Series A Preferred Shares of the Company determined by 
dividing (i) the principal amount of the Purchaser Note (as defined in 
Section 2.1.2(b) below) delivered at Closing, by (ii) $10.00.
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Cash Payment at Closing is $105,000,000 
and the Purchaser Note is $165,000,000, then at Closing the Purchaser shall 
receive from the Company an aggregate of 46,666,667 Class A Common Shares 
and an aggregate of 16,500,000 Series A Preferred Shares, convertible into 
an additional 73,333,333 Class A Common Shares.
 
(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.1.1(a) above, prior to the 
Closing Date, the Purchaser may elect, by written notice to the Company, to 
receive all of the Purchased Securities in the form of 120,000,000 Class A 
Common Shares; in which event no Series A Preferred Shares shall be issued 
under this Agreement by the Company.
 
(c) To the extent that the Company does issue Series A Preferred Shares, 
dividends on such Purchased Securities shall only be payable, as to those 
Series A Preferred Shares which shall have been paid for in cash (at the 
rate of $10.00 per Series A Preferred Share) by prepayment or payment of 
the Purchaser Note.
 
2.1.2  Purchase Price. On the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall pay to the 
Company a purchase price for the Class A Common Shares and Equivalents 
equal to $2.25 per share, or $270,000,000 for all of the Purchased 
Securities (the “Purchase Price”). The Purchase Price shall be paid on the 
Closing Date, in the following manner:
 
(a) by wire transfer of immediately available funds (the “Cash Payment”) to 
an account designated by the Company and approved by Purchaser such amount, 
net of all applicable commissions, that shall be not less than $105,000,000 
(the “Minimum Cash Payment”) and not more than $270,000,000 (the “Maximum 
Cash Payment”); and
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) to the extent not paid in cash at Closing in accordance with Section 
2.1.2(a), above, the balance of the Purchase Price shall be paid by the 
Purchaser’s delivery to the Company at Closing of the Purchaser’s 
non-interest bearing promissory note due March 31, 2009 (the “Purchaser 
Note”); which Purchaser Note:
 
(i) to the extent not previously prepaid, shall be due and payable on March 
31, 2009 (the “Maturity Date”);
 
(ii) shall be secured by a pledge to the Company of that number of shares 
of the Purchased Securities which, when divided by the $2.25 per share 
Purchase Price for Class A Common Shares and/or the $10.00 per share stated 
value purchase price for Series A Preferred Shares, if any, shall equal the 
principal amount of the Purchaser Note (the “Pledged Securities”), and held 
by Horwitz, Cron & Jasper, P.L.C., counsel to the Company, as collateral 
agent (the “Collateral Agent”) pursuant to the terms of the pledge 
agreement annexed hereto as Exhibit H and made a part hereof (the “Pledge 
Agreement”);
 
(iii) except only for the Pledged Securities, shall be non-recourse to the 
Purchaser and the assets and properties of the Purchaser;
 
(iv) shall be subject to full or partial mandatory prepayment in cash, to 
the extent of any and all cash net proceeds received by the Purchaser from 
the issuance and sale of any of its securities at any time or from time to 
time prior to the Maturity Date;
 
(v) shall provide that on any one or more occasion that the outstanding 
principal amount of the Purchaser Note is prepaid in part and reduced or 
paid in full, a corresponding amount of the Purchased Securities (valued 
(A) as to the Class A Common Shares held under the Pledge Agreement at 
$2.25 per share, and (B) as to any shares of Series A Preferred Shares held 
under the Pledge Agreement, at the $10.00 per share purchase price) shall 
be released by the Collateral Agent from the Pledge Agreement and delivered 
to the Purchaser;
 
(vi) shall provide that, to the extent the Purchaser Note has not been paid 
in full by the Maturity Date, the amount of the Purchased Securities then 
being held under the Pledge Agreement which are not then subject to release 
and delivery to the Purchaser pursuant to clause (v) above, shall be 
returned to the Company for cancellation and the Purchaser Note shall be 
returned to the Purchaser for cancellation, unless the Maturity Date shall 
have been extended by mutual agreement of the Parties;
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(vii) shall provide that on the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver 
to the Collateral Agent the Pledged Securities, together with not less than 
twenty stock powers duly executed by the Purchaser in blank; and
 
(viii) shall be in the form of Exhibit I annexed hereto and made a part 
hereof.
 
2.1.3  Deliveries. Against receipt of the Purchase Price, on the Closing 
Date the Company shall deliver:
 
(a) to the Purchaser, stock certificates evidencing legal and beneficial 
ownership of such number of the Purchased Securities equal to the Purchase 
Price that shall have been paid at the Closing by the Cash Payment 
(calculated by dividing the Cash Payment paid at Closing by $2.25); and
 
(b) to the Collateral Agent under the Pledge Agreement, the Purchaser Note 
and stock certificates evidencing legal and beneficial ownership of such 
number of the Pledged Securities equal to the Purchase Price that shall 
have been paid as at the Closing by delivery of the Purchaser Note 
(calculated by in accordance with Section 2.1.2(b)(ii) above).
 
2.1.4 Per Share Price; Adjustments. It is the mutual intention of the 
Parties hereto that the per share purchase price of each of the Class A 
Common Shares shall be $2.25 per share (the “Per Share Price”). Such number 
of Class A Common Shares and the Per Share Price shall be subject to 
equitable adjustment in the event of any stock splits or recapitalizations 
by the Company prior to the Closing Date that have been approved by the 
Purchaser. In addition, except for the Convertible Debentures permitted to 
be issued by the Company prior to the Closing Date in accordance with 
Section 3.8 and Section 4.14 below, in the event that the Company shall, on 
any one or more occasion, commencing from and after the date of this 
Agreement and ending on a date which shall be the effective time of the 
Merger, issue or sell for cash any of its Class A Common Shares or other 
securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A Common Shares at a 
price per share that shall be less than $2.25, the Per Share Price paid and 
payable by Purchaser shall be reduced to such lower price, and the number 
of Class A Common Shares issued and issuable to the Purchaser shall be 
correspondingly increased. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of 
this Section 2.1.4 shall not be applicable to, or subject to adjustment by, 
either the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the 
exercise of warrants outstanding as at the date of this Agreement entitling 
the holders to purchase ordinary shares of the Purchaser
 
2.1.5 Closing Payment and Class A Common Shares and Equivalents. On the 
Closing Date, the Purchaser shall pay the $270,000,000 Purchase Price in 
the manner set forth in Section 2.1.2 above and the Company shall deliver 
to the Purchaser an aggregate of 120,000,000 Class A Common Shares and 
Equivalents, after giving effect to the conversion of each Series A 
Preferred Share purchased on the Closing Date into 4.4444 Class A Common 
Shares, calculated by dividing (a) the $10.00 per share stated value and 
purchase price for each Series A Preferred Share, by (b) $2.25 per share 
(the “Series A Preferred Conversion Ratio”).
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
2.1.6 Minimum Percentage Ownership. The Parties hereto do hereby 
acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, 
express or implied, contained in this Agreement, after giving effect to the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on the Closing Date the 
Purchaser shall purchase and own of record and beneficially that number of 
Class A Common Shares and Equivalents and that number of Class B Common 
Shares as shall represent not less than fifty-one (51%) of the aggregate 
voting power of all voting securities of the Company, after giving effect 
to the acquisition of the Purchased Securities by the Purchaser.
 
2.2. Composition of the Purchased Securities. Unless the Purchaser shall 
elect, by written notice to the Company given not later than five (5) days 
prior to the Closing Date, to purchase all of the Purchased Securities in 
the form of 120,000,000 Class A Common Shares, the allocation of the 
Purchased Securities among the Class A Common Shares and the Series A 
Preferred Shares shall be as follows:
 
(a) a Minimum Cash Payment of the Purchase Price of $105,000,000, in 
exchange for an aggregate of 46,666,667 shares of Class A Common Shares at 
the Per Share Price of $2.25 per share;
 
(b) the balance of the Purchased Securities to be represented by the 
purchase of up to 16,500,000 Series A Preferred Shares at a stated value 
and purchase price of $10.00 per Series A Preferred Share; with (i) such 
Series A Preferred Shares paid by issuance of the Purchaser Note, and (ii) 
each Series A Preferred Share convertible by the holder at any time by the 
holder into 4.4444 Class A Common Shares, based on the Series A Preferred 
Conversion Ratio, and shall contain such other terms and conditions as are 
set forth on Exhibit F annexed hereto and made a part hereof; and
 
(c) the issuance of the number of the Class B Common Shares referred to in 
Section 2.3 below.
 
2.3. Issuance of Class B Common Shares. In consideration for its purchase 
of the Purchased Securities, on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue 
to the Purchaser, for $0.001 per share, that number of the Class B Common 
Shares which, when coupled with the number of Class A Shares and any Series 
A Preferred Shares purchased by the Purchaser on the Closing Date, shall 
represent as of the Closing Date, not less than fifty-one percent (51%) of 
the aggregate voting power of the Company, represented by all Class A 
Shares, Series A Preferred Shares and Class B Common Shares of the Company, 
that are or would be outstanding on a Fully-Diluted Basis after giving 
effect to such issuance (the “Purchaser’s Class B Shares”).
 
2.4 Failure to Consummate Purchase. If at any time prior to the Closing, 
the Purchaser believes that it is unable to consummate the purchase of the 
Purchased Securities, then the Purchaser shall promptly notify the Company 
in writing of its intent to terminate this Agreement. Upon receipt of such 
notice, this Agreement shall be null and void, and none of the Parties 
hereto shall have any further liability to the other.
 
2.5. Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the 
closing of the Stock Purchase (the “Closing”) shall take place at the law 
office of Hodgson Russ LLP, 1540 Broadway, 24th floor, New York, New York 
10036, as soon as practicable after all conditions to Closing under this 
Agreement are satisfied, but in no event later than a date which shall be 
five (5) Business Days following the WiMAX License Renewal Date (the “
Closing Date”), subject to extension of such Closing Date by mutual 
agreement of both Parties. In the event the Closing has not taken place as 
of the Closing Date, as the same may be extended, then at the option of the 
Company, this Agreement shall terminate and shall thereafter be null and 
void.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ARTICLE III
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY AND TRUSSNET
 
The Company and Trussnet hereby do hereby jointly and severally represent 
and warrant to the Purchaser that upon execution of this Agreement and at 
Closing (each representation as to the Chinacomm Parties is made to the 
best Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet):
 
3.1. Organization and Good Standing. Each of the Company, Trussnet and the 
Chinacomm. Parties are entities duly organized, validly existing and in 
good standing under the laws of their respective States or countries of 
organization, all as set forth on Schedule 3.1 to this Agreement.
 
3.2. Subsidiaries. The only direct subsidiary of the Company is Trussnet. 
Trussnet is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. Schedule 3.2 to this 
Agreement sets forth: (a) the names, (b) the authorized, issued and 
outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity of Trussnet and of each 
of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Trussnet and all Chinacomm 
Parties, and (c) the record and beneficial owners of such capital stock or 
other equity.
 
3.3. Authorization and Approvals.
 
(a) Each of the Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties have the 
requisite corporate power and authority and have obtained all requisite 
licenses, permits, franchises, approvals and consents necessary (i) to own 
and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being 
conducted, and (ii) to enter into and carry out the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement, as well as all transactions contemplated hereunder. All 
corporate proceedings have been taken and all corporate authorizations have 
been secured which are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and 
performance by the Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties of this 
Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered 
by the Company and Trussnet and constitutes the valid and binding 
obligation of the Company and Trussnet, enforceable against each of them in 
accordance with its terms.
 
(b) On or before the Closing Date, each of the Chinacomm Parties have or 
shall have executed an agreement in the form of Exhibit J annexed hereto 
(the “Chinacomm Parties Consent Agreement”), pursuant to which each of the 
Chinacomm Parties shall have approved this Agreement and shall have 
consented all of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
3.4. Effect of Agreement. As of the Closing, the consummation by any of the 
Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and by the Chinacomm Agreements, including the 
execution, delivery and consummation of this Agreement, will comply with 
all applicable law and will not:
 
(a) Violate any Requirement of Law applicable to or binding upon the 
Purchaser, the Company, Trussnet or any of the Chinacomm Parties;
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) Violate: (i) the terms of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of 
the Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties; or (ii) any material 
agreement, contract, mortgage, indenture, bond, bill, note, or other 
material instrument or writing binding upon the Company, Trussnet and the 
Chinacomm Parties or to which any of the Company, Trussnet and the 
Chinacomm Parties is subject;
 
(c) Accelerate or constitute an event entitling the holder of any 
indebtedness of any of the Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties to 
accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness or to increase the rate of 
interest presently in effect with respect to such indebtedness; or
 
(d) Result in the breach of, constitute a default under, constitute an 
event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default 
under, or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or 
encumbrance upon any of the assets or any other properties of any of the 
Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties under any agreement, 
commitment, contract (written or oral) or other instrument to which any of 
the Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties is a party or by which it 
is bound or affected.
 
3.5. Consents and WiMAX License.
 
(a) All consents, approvals or other authorizations or notices, required by 
any state or federal regulatory authority or other Person or entity, 
including all PRC Regulatory Authorities, in order to permit the Purchaser, 
the Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Chinacomm Agreements 
and to enable the Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties to operate 
their respective businesses, including the construction, installation and 
operation of the Wireless Installations under the WiMAX License have been 
obtained and are in full force and effect.
 
(b) On or before the Closing Date, the MII or other applicable PRC 
Regulatory Authority shall have renewed the WiMAX license granted to 
Chinacomm for a minimum of not less than three years, and such WiMAX 
License, as so renewed shall be in compliance with the requirements of the 
PRC Regulatory Authorities.
 
3.6. Legal Proceedings. There are no legal, administrative, arbitral or 
other actions, claims, suits or proceedings or investigations instituted or 
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company’s management, threatened 
against any of the Company, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties, or against 
any property, asset, interest or right of any of the Company, Trussnet and 
the Chinacomm Parties, that might reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect or that might reasonably be expected to threaten or impede 
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.7. Regulatory Compliance. Neither the Company, Trussnet nor, to the best 
Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, any of the Chinacomm Parties have 
violated any Requirement of Law, the violation of which would be reasonably 
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. All filings of the Company with 
the SEC have been filed in a timely fashion and are accurate and complete 
in all material respects.
 
3.8. Capitalization; Transactions with Trussnet Delaware.
 
(a) The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A Common Shares, 
200,000,000 Class B Common Shares and 25,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares. 
Immediately prior to the Closing, the Company shall have no more than 
133,485,509 Class A Common Shares issued and outstanding on a Fully Diluted 
Basis calculated as follows: (i) 86,117,088 Class A Common Shares issued 
and outstanding plus, plus (ii) up to 47,368,421 Class A Common Shares, 
issuable in the event the Company issues up to $45,000,000 in convertible 
debentures, convertible at $.95 per share (the “Convertible Debentures”). 
As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has issued approximately 
$27,000,000 of such Convertible Debentures. The Company and the Purchaser 
hereby agree that up to and including the Closing Date, the Company shall 
have the right to issue up to $45,000,000, in the aggregate, in Convertible 
Debentures. The Company has issued, or immediately prior to Closing the 
Company shall issue, to George Alvarez and the other Persons listed on 
Schedule 3.8(a) to this Agreement (the “Class B Holders”) an aggregate of 
66,909,088 Class B Common Shares. All of the issued and outstanding Class A 
Common Shares, Class B Common Shares and the Convertible Debentures have 
been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid, and 
non-assessable. Other than the Convertible Debentures and the transactions 
contemplated hereby, there are no outstanding or authorized options, 
warrants, purchase rights, subscription rights, conversion rights, exchange 
rights, or other contracts or commitments that could require the Company to 
issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding any of its capital 
stock.
 
(b) The capitalization of each of Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties is set 
forth on Schedule 3.8(b) to this Agreement. All of the issued and 
outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities of Trussnet and, to 
the Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties have been 
duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. 
Other than the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Chinacomm 
Agreements, there are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, 
purchase rights, subscription rights, conversion rights, exchange rights, 
or other contracts or commitments that could require Trussnet or any of the 
Chinacomm Parties to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding 
any of its capital stock or any other equity.
 
(c) Annexed hereto as Schedule 3.8(c) is a description of (i) all of the 
assets and personnel of Trussnet Delaware that has heretofore been 
transferred, or as at the Closing Date will have been transferred, to 
Trussnet, (ii) all loans, services and other products heretofore provided 
by Trussnet Delaware to Trussnet and/or the Company for or on behalf of the 
Company or ChinaComm, and (iii) all accounts payable and other amounts 
owing as at the date hereof and as at the Closing Date by the Company or 
Trussnet to Trussnet Delaware; all of which amounts and obligations have 
been incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business.
 
3.9. The Purchased Securities. The Purchased Securities (including the 
Class A Common Shares issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred 
Shares) and the Class B Common Shares will, upon issuance, be duly 
authorized, legally and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and 
free and clear of all liens, mortgages, pledges, and other encumbrances of 
any nature, unless expressly provided herein to the contrary.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.10. Employee Benefit Plans. Neither the Company nor Trussnet have any 
labor union contract, bonus, pension, profit-sharing, retirement, deferred 
compensation, savings, stock purchase, stock option, hospitalization, 
insurance or other plan providing employees benefits, employment, agency, 
consulting or similar contract (“Employee Benefit Plans”) which cannot be 
terminated in thirty (30) days or less, without cost, other than the 
Employment Agreement of George Alvarez. The Company and Trussnet reserve 
the right to establish Employee Benefit Plans in the future.
 
3.11. Permits and Licenses. The Company and Trussnet and to the best 
Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties have all 
licenses and permits (federal, state and local) required by governmental 
authorities to own, operate and carry on their respective business as now 
being conducted, and such licenses and permits are in full force and 
effect. No violations are or have been recorded in respect to the licenses 
or permits, included but not limited to fire and health and safety law 
violations, and no proceeding is pending or threatened looking toward the 
revocation or limitation of any of them.
 
3.12. Chinacomm Transaction.
 
3.12.1. Controlled Entities. The Chinacomm Agreements require the formation 
of certain entities, including Trussnet Gulfstream and Gulfstream Capital 
and the formation of two wholly owned foreign investment enterprises or 
WOFEs (as previously defined). Trussnet Gulfstream and Gulfstream Capital 
are or will be 100% owned subsidiaries of Trussnet, and Chinacomm Cayman, 
Chinacomm Shanghai and Yunji are or on the Closing Date shall be 
partially-owned subsidiaries of Trussnet. Such Chinacomm Parties are 
sometimes collectively referred to herein as the “Trussnet Subsidiaries”.
 
3.12.2. Performance. The Company shall cause $196,000,000 of the proceeds 
received under this Agreement to: (i) be used to discharge the obligation 
of Gulfstream Capital that it invest $196,000,000 in Chinacomm Cayman; and 
(ii) assure that upon completion of this investment by Gulfstream, that 
these funds be used as contemplated by the Chinacomm Agreements. The 
balance of the proceeds shall be used for the payment of commissions and 
general working capital, in such amounts as are set forth on Schedule 
3.12.2 annexed to this Agreement.
 
3.13. Material Agreements. Except as otherwise disclosed herein, each of 
the Company, Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge of the Company and 
Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties, is not a party to any material agreement, 
the failure to perform of which would have a Material Adverse Effect upon 
any of the Company, Trussnet or such Chinacomm Parties.
 
3.14. Insurance Policies. All insurance policies maintained by each of the 
Company, Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, 
the Chinacomm Parties on its assets, business, officers and personnel 
provide adequate and sufficient liability and property damage coverage 
commensurate with the business practices of any of the Company, Trussnet 
and, to the best Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, the Chinacomm 
Parties. To the best Knowledge of the Company, each of the Company, 
Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, the 
Chinacomm Parties does not conduct any business which would result in the 
cancellation of, or a material increase in the premiums, for any of its 
insurance policies.
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.15. Environmental Matters. With regard to matters of environmental 
compliance: each of the Company, Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge of the 
Company and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties has conducted and is conducting 
its business, and has used and is using its properties, whether currently 
owned, operated or leased or owned, operated or leased by the Company in 
compliance with all applicable PRC and United States federal, and state and 
local environmental laws and regulations, except where the failure to 
comply with such laws and regulations, in the aggregate, has not had and 
could not have a Material Adverse Effect on the condition (financial or 
otherwise), business or properties of the Company, Trussnet or, to the best 
Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, any of the Chinacomm Parties.
 
3.16. Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither the Company, Trussnet nor, to the 
best Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties have any 
liability (whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted, 
whether absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether 
liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due), including 
any liability for Taxes, except for: (i) liabilities set forth in the 
Financial Statements, and (ii) liabilities which have arisen after the date 
of the Financial Statements in the Ordinary Course of Business (none of 
which results from, arises out of, relates to, is in the nature of, or was 
caused by any breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement, 
or violation of law).
 
3.17. Material Defaults. Neither the Company, Trussnet nor, to the best 
Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties is in default, 
or alleged to be in default, under any material agreement, contract, lease, 
mortgage, commitment, instrument or obligation, and to the best Knowledge 
of the Company and Trussnet of no other party to any agreement, contract, 
lease, mortgage, commitment, instrument or obligation to which the Company 
is a party is in default thereunder, which default would have a Materially 
Adversely Effect upon the properties, assets, business or prospects of the 
Company, Trussnet or the Chinacomm Parties.
 
3.18. Tax Returns and Disputes. The Company and Trussnet, and to the best 
Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, each of the Chinacomm Parties, has: 
(a) filed all Tax Returns (PRC and United States federal, state and local) 
required to be filed by it, (b) all such Tax Returns filed are complete and 
accurate in all material respects, and (c) the applicable taypayer has paid 
all Taxes shown to be due and payable on the returns or any assessments or 
penalties received by it and all other Taxes (PRC and United States 
federal, state and local) due and payable by it. The Company and Trussnet, 
and to the best Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, each of the 
Chinacomm Parties, has collected and withheld all Taxes which it has been 
required to collect or withhold and has timely submitted all such collected 
and withheld amounts to the appropriate authorities. The Company and 
Trussnet, and to the best Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, each of 
the Chinacomm Parties, is in compliance with the back-up withholding and 
information reporting requirements under the Code and any state, local or 
foreign laws, and the rules and regulations thereunder.
 
3.19. Financial Condition. On or before the Closing Date, the Company and 
Trussnet shall deliver and cause to be delivered to the Purchaser all of 
the Financial Statements. The Financial Statements of the Company and 
Trussnet, and to the best Knowledge of the Company and Trussnet, each of 
the Chinacomm Parties, present fairly the financial position, results of 
operations and cash flows of the Company for the fiscal period then ended 
and were prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted 
accounting principles (“GAAP”), except with respect to the Financial 
Statements of Chinacomm, the same have been prepared in accordance with 
either GAAP or auditing standards accepted in the European Union. The 
Purchaser acknowledges that the Company and Trussnet have changed their 
fiscal year end from June 30th to December 31st.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.20. No Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2007 there has been no Material 
Adverse Change in the business, financial condition, results of operations, 
assets, or liabilities of the Company, Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge 
of the Company and Trussnet, each of the Chinacomm Parties.
 
3.21. Disclosure. The representations and warranties: (a) of the Company 
and Trussnet contained in this Agreement and in any agreement, certificate, 
affidavit, statutory declaration or other document delivered or given by 
the Company or Trussnet pursuant to this Agreement, and (b) to the best 
Knowledge of the Company and Trustnet, of any of the Chinacomm Parties 
contained in any of the Chinacomm Agreements or in any other agreement, 
certificate, affidavit, statutory declaration or other document delivered 
or given by any of the Chinacomm Parties pursuant to this Agreement or any 
Chinacomm Agreements are true and correct and do not contain any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements contained in such representations and warranties not 
misleading to the Purchaser.
 
3.22. Advice of Changes. Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date, 
the Company and Trussnet shall promptly advise the Purchaser in writing of 
any fact, the occurrence of which would render any representation or 
warranty contained in this Agreement to be materially untrue.
 
ARTICLE IV
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER
 
The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows 
upon execution of this Agreement and at Closing:
 
4.1. Organization and Good Standing. The Purchaser is a corporation duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
Cayman Islands.
 
4.2. Authorization. The Purchaser has full power and authority to execute 
and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. This 
Agreement constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the 
Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms and conditions. The 
Purchaser need not give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any 
authorization, consent, or approval of any government or governmental 
agency in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, other than the Proxy Statement which the Purchaser shall, prior 
to the Closing Date, distribute to its sharesholders in order to obtain the 
consent of its shareholders to the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.3. Operation of Business. The Purchaser has the requisite corporate power 
and authority and all requisite licenses, permits and franchises necessary 
to own and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being 
conducted.
 
4.4. Execution of Agreement. The Purchaser has the requisite corporate 
power and authority and (except for approval of Purchaser’s shareholders) 
has obtained all approvals and consents necessary to enter into and carry 
out the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as all transactions 
contemplated hereunder. All corporate proceedings have been taken and all 
corporate authorizations have been secured which are necessary to authorize 
the execution, delivery, and performance by the Purchaser of this 
Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered 
by the Purchaser and constitutes the valid and binding obligations of the 
Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with the respective terms.
 
4.5. Effect of Agreement. As of the Closing, the consummation by the 
Purchaser of the transactions herein contemplated, including the execution, 
delivery and consummation of this Agreement, will comply with all 
applicable law and will not:
 
(a) Violate any Requirement of Law applicable to or binding upon the 
Purchaser;
 
(b) Violate: (i) the terms of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of 
the Purchaser; or, (ii) any material agreement, contract, mortgage, 
indenture, bond, bill, note, or other material instrument or writing 
binding upon the Purchaser or to which the Purchaser is subject;
 
(c) Result in the breach of, constitute a default under, constitute an 
event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default 
under, or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or 
encumbrance upon any of the assets or any other properties of the Purchaser 
under any agreement, commitment, contract (written or oral) or other 
instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound or 
affected.
 
4.6. Consents. No consents, approvals or other authorizations or notices, 
other than those which have been obtained and are in full force and effect, 
are required by any state or federal regulatory authority or other Person 
or entity in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement 
and the performance of any obligations contemplated hereunder.
 
4.7. Legal Proceedings. There are no legal, administrative, arbitral or 
other actions, claims, suits or proceedings or investigations instituted or 
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser’s management, threatened 
against the Purchaser, or against any property, asset, interest or right of 
the Purchaser, that might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect or that might reasonably be expected to threaten or impede the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
4.8. Regulatory Compliance. To the best Knowledge of the Purchaser, it has 
not violated any Requirement of Law, the violation of which would be 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Further, the Purchaser 
is not an “investment company” or a company “controlled” by an “investment 
company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940.
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.9. Purchase for Investment. The Purchaser is not acquiring the Purchased 
Securities with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution 
thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act.
 
4.10. Disclosure. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser 
contained in this Agreement and in any agreement, certificate, affidavit, 
statutory declaration or other document delivered or given pursuant to this 
Agreement are true and correct and do not contain any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements contained in such representations and warranties not misleading 
to the Company.
 
4.11. Advice of Changes. Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date 
the Purchaser shall promptly advise the Company in writing of any fact 
which, if existing or known at the Effective Date, would have been required 
to be set forth or disclosed in or pursuant to this Agreement or of any 
fact which, if existing or known at the Effective Date, would have made any 
of the representations untrue.
 
4.12. Due Diligence. The Purchaser is an accredited investor within the 
meaning of the Securities Act and its management is sophisticated and 
experienced in transactions such as the Stock Purchase. The Purchaser has 
commenced its Due Diligence Investigation and, as at the date of this 
Agreement, but subject at all times to completion of its Due Diligence 
Investigation in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.1.8 of this 
Agreement, the Purchaser has no reason to believe that any of the 
representations and warranties of the Company are misleading or inaccurate 
in any material respect. The decision by the Purchaser to execute this 
Agreement is based upon the representations and warranties of the Company 
and Trussnet set forth in this Agreement being true and correct in all 
material respects as at the date of this Agreement and as at the Closing 
Date, and is not based upon any verbal statements or representations made 
by any Person Affiliated with the Company or Trussnet. The obligations of 
the Purchaser to acquire the Purchased Securities or otherwise consummate 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is and shall at all times 
be subject to completion by the Purchaser of a satisfactory Due Diligence 
Investigation.
 
4.13. Restricted Securities. The Purchaser hereby acknowledges that the 
Purchased Securities shall constitute restricted securities within the 
meaning of the Securities Act and that all certificates evidencing the 
Purchased Securities shall contain a restrictive legend prohibiting 
transfer without a legal opinion or the availability of an exemption under 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
 
4.14 Sale of Additional Debentures. The Purchaser acknowledges that between 
the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, the Company shall have the 
right (but not the obligation) to issue and sell up to $45,000,000 of 
Convertible Debentures (inclusive of all Convertible Debenture previously 
issued), as contemplated by Section 3.8(a) above.
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ARTICLE V
 
CONDITIONS TO CLOSING
 
5.1. The satisfaction of the following conditions shall be a condition 
precedent to the obligation of the applicable Party to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement:
 
5.1.1. Purchaser’s Shareholder Approval; Limited Redemptions. A condition 
to the obligation of the Purchaser to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement shall be both:
 
(a) the approval of this Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and by the Chinacomm Agreements by the holders of a majority of the 
issued and outstanding publicly traded ordinary or common shares of the 
Purchaser that vote at an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of 
the Purchaser as required by the Purchaser’s governing documents and 
applicable United States corporate and securities laws; and
 
(b) the election by holders of not more than the holders of 5% of such 
publicly traded ordinary or common shares of the Purchaser to seek 
rescission or redemption of their investment in the Purchaser and a return 
of their allocable portion of the Purchaser’s trust fund.
 
The Purchaser has represented to the Company that, as a foreign private 
issuer, it is not required to comply with the shareholder solicitation and 
proxy requirements of Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
(the “Exchange Act”), however, the Purchaser has further represented that 
it is the intention of the Purchaser to solicit its shareholders with proxy 
materials in substantial compliance with Section 14 of the Exchange Act.
 
5.1.2. Employment Agreement. A condition to the obligation of the Company 
and Trussnet to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
shall be the execution of an Employment Agreement with George Alvarez, 
President of the Company. Such agreement shall be in form and substance 
acceptable to the Purchaser.
 
5.1.3. Company, Trussnet and Chinacomm Parties Representations. A condition 
to the obligation of the Purchaser to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement shall be that all representations and 
warranties of the Company and Trussnet contained in this Agreement and in 
the Chinacomm Agreements shall be or remain true and correct as of the 
Closing Date and no Material Adverse Changes to the Company, Trussnet or 
any of the Chinacomm Parties shall have occurred.
 
5.1.4. Purchaser’s Representations. A condition to the obligation of the 
Company and Trussnet to consummate the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement shall be that all representations and warranties of the Purchaser 
contained in this Agreement shall be or remain true and correct as of the 
Closing Date and there are no Material Adverse Changes to the Purchaser 
occurring since the Effective Date.
 
5.1.5 Consents. A condition to the obligation of the Purchaser to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be the 
receipt of all required third party consents and approvals, including, 
without limitation, all consents and approvals of PRC Regulatory 
Authorities. In addition, the Chinacomm Parties Consent Agreement shall 
have been duly executed by all Chinacomm Parties and delivered to the 
Purchaser.
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
5.1.6. Officers Certificate. A condition to the obligation of the Purchaser 
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be that 
an executive officer of the Company and Trussnet shall deliver a 
certificate at Closing to the effect, that to his Knowledge, the conditions 
set forth in Section 5.1.3 and Section 5.1.5 have been satisfied. A 
condition to the obligation of the Company and Trussnet to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be that an executive 
officer of the Purchaser shall deliver a certificate at Closing to the 
effect, that to his Knowledge, the conditions set forth in Section 5.1.1 
and Section 5.1.4 have been satisfied.
 
5.1.6 WiMAX License Renewal. A condition to the obligation of the Purchaser 
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be that 
on or before the Closing Date: (a) the MII or other applicable PRC 
Regulatory Authority shall have renewed the WiMAX License previously 
granted to Chinacomm for a minimum of not less than three (3) years, (b) 
such WiMAX License, as so renewed shall provide, by its terms, that absent 
a breach or default by Chinacomm which is not properly cured, the MII or 
such other PRC Regulatory Authority shall automatically renew such WiMAX 
License at the expiration of its term for additional successive periods of 
not less than three years each, (c) such WiMAX License, as so renewed, 
shall permit Chinacomm and the other Chinacomm Parties to install, operate 
and maintain the Wireless Installations for the duration of such WiMAX 
License and all renewal thereof, and (d) such WiMAX License, as so renewed, 
contain such other terms and conditions as shall be acceptable to the 
Purchaser (collectively, the “WiMAX License Renewal”).
 
5.1.7 Financial Statements. A condition to the obligation of the Purchaser 
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be that 
on or before the date of mailing its Proxy Statement to its shareholders, 
as contemplated by Section 5.1.1 above, the Purchaser shall have received 
all of the Financial Statements required under Regulation S-X as 
promulgated under the Securities Act; all of which Financial Statements 
shall be included in the Proxy Statement and all of which shall be 
satisfactory to Purchaser in the exercise of its sole discretion.
 
5.1.8 Due Diligence Investigation. A condition to the obligation of the 
Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
shall be that on or before the date of mailing its Proxy Statement to its 
shareholders, as contemplated by Section 5.1.1 above, the Purchaser shall 
have completed a satisfactory Due Diligence Investigation.
 
5.1.9 Legal Opinions. A condition to the obligation of the Purchaser to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be that on 
or before the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall have received a favorable 
legal opinion from:
 
(a) Horwitz, Cron & Jasper, P.L.C., as to matters only with respect to the 
Company, Trussnet, Gulfstream Capital, Chinacomm Cayman and Chinacomm 
Shanghai that are set forth in Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4(b), 3.6, 3.8 and 
3.9 of this Agreement, provided, that such counsel may rely upon the 
separate opinions of Cayman Island, Seychelles and Hong Kong legal counsel, 
as applicable;
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) Han Kun Law Offices, Beijing, PRC, counsel to Chinacomm, as to (i) 
consummation of all of the Chinacomm transactions contemplated by the 
Chinacomm Agreements, (ii) the obtaining by Chinacomm, Trussnet Gulfstream, 
and Yunji of all required approvals and consents from all PRC Regulatory 
Authorities having jurisdiction over such Chinacomm Parties; and (iii) the 
validity and enforceability of the WiMAX License, as so renewed in 
accordance with Section 5.1.6 above; and
 
(c) Global Law Office, Beijing, PRC, counsel to Trussnet, as to the 
validity and compliance with Applicable Laws in the PRC of the Chinacomm 
Agreements and the VIE joint venture structure contemplated thereby, and 
such other matters as the Purchaser may reasonably request.
 
5.1.10 Purchaser Legal Opinion. A condition to the obligation of the 
Company and Trussnet to consummate the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement shall be that on or before the Closing Date, the Company and 
Trussnet shall have received a favorable legal opinion from Hodgson Russ 
LLP, counsel to the Purchaser, with respect to the matters set forth in 
Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.4 and 4.5(b) of this Agreement provided, that such 
counsel may rely upon a separate legal opinion of Maples and Calder, Cayman 
Island counsel to the Purchaser.
 
5.1.11 Purchaser Board Approval. A condition to the obligation of the 
Company and Trussnet to consummate the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement shall be that on or before 5:00 P.M. (California time) on a date 
which shall be not more than three (3) Business Days following the date of 
execution of this Agreement by all of the Parties, the Purchaser or its 
legal counsel shall have confirmed in writing to the Company and its 
counsel by email or facsimile transmission that the board of directors of 
the Purchaser shall have approved this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
5.1.12 Minimum Funding of the Company. A condition to the respective 
obligations of each of the Purchaser and the Company to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall be that on or before the 
Closing Date, an aggregate of not less than $210,000,000 paid in cash or by 
wire transfer of immediately available funds shall have been invested in 
the Company, including, without limitation: (a) additional cash proceeds in 
excess of the $105,000,000 Minimum Cash Purchase Price funded by the 
Purchaser on the Closing Date as part of the aggregate Purchase Price for 
the Purchased Securities, and/or (b) the net proceeds from the Additional 
Investment, if funded on the Closing Date on terms and conditions that are 
acceptable to the Parties hereto.
 
5.1.13 The Merger Agreement. A condition to the obligation of the Purchaser 
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be that 
on or before the Closing Date, each of the Company, the Purchaser and the 
Company Principal Stockholders shall have executed and delivered the Merger 
Agreement.
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ARTICLE VI
 
COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES
 
6.1. Full Access. During the period from the Effective Date of this 
Agreement to the Closing, the Company shall, upon reasonable notice, afford 
to the Purchaser and its representatives (including, without limitation, 
officers and employees of the Purchaser and counsel, accountants and other 
professionals retained by the Purchaser), such access during normal 
business hours to its books, records, properties and such other information 
as the Purchaser may reasonably request for the purpose of conducting any 
review or investigation reasonably related to the transactions contemplated 
hereby, provided that such access shall not interfere with the normal 
business operations of the Company.
 
6.2. Disclosure Assistance. Each Party shall fully cooperate with the other 
Party in the preparation of all documentation required to be filed with the 
SEC (including all exhibits and amendments thereto) in connection with the 
Stock Purchase and to provide all information requested by the SEC or any 
other regulatory party. The Parties shall cooperate with one another in 
making public announcements concerning the transactions contemplated 
hereby; provided, that no such announcements shall be made by any Party 
until the condition specified in Section 5.1.12 of this Agreement shall 
have been satisfied.. The Purchaser hereby represents that it has commenced 
the preparation of proxy materials to be delivered to its shareholders 
seeking approval of the Stock Purchase.
 
6.3. Confidentiality. Each Party agrees to keep in confidence any 
confidential information learned about the other Party either in the course 
of negotiating this Agreement or in conducting the due diligence 
investigation contemplated hereunder, except for information which: (i) was 
public knowledge at the time of the disclosure of such information; (ii) is 
required to be disclosed by law; or (iii) comes into the receiving party’s 
possession from a source which the receiving party reasonably believes owes 
no duty of confidentiality to the disclosing party.
 
6.4. Board of Directors. No later than five days prior to Closing, the 
Purchaser and the Company shall agree upon a list of seven members to 
comprise the Board of Directors of the Company as of the Closing Date, a 
majority of which members of the Board of Directors shall be selected by or 
otherwise acceptable to the Purchaser (the “Initial Board of Directors”). 
The Purchaser and George Alvarez agree that they shall vote all Class A 
Common Shares, Class B Common Shares and Series A Preferred Shares (if 
any), in a manner which shall assure the continued election of each of the 
Initial Board of Directors. In the event a member of the Initial Board of 
Directors resigns or otherwise cannot continue to serve upon the Board of 
Directors of the Company, then the approval of both the Purchaser and the 
other holder(s) of the Class B Common Shares shall be required to appoint a 
new member to the Board of Directors of the Company. The voting 
requirements set forth in this Section 6.4 shall continue so long as the 
Purchaser continues to own of record eighty percent (80%) of the aggregate 
number of Class A Common Shares and Equivalents acquired under this 
Agreement or ten (10) years, whichever occurs first. ill
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
6.5. Company Negative Covenants. So long as the Purchaser shall be the 
beneficial owner of eighty percent (80%) of the aggregate number of Class A 
Common Shares and Equivalents acquired by the Purchaser under this 
Agreement, the Company shall not take any of the following actions without 
the prior approval or consent of either (i) the Purchaser, or (ii) the 
holders of at least 80% of the holders of the Class B Common Shares:
 
6.5.1. issue, at an issuance price or conversion or exercise price per 
Class A Share which shall be less than the $2.25 Per Share Price at which 
the Purchaser acquired its Class A Shares (subject to adjustments for any 
stock split or recapitalization of the Company), any Class A Common Shares, 
Class B Common Shares, Series A Preferred Shares, or other securities of 
the Company convertible into or exercisable for any Class A Shares;
 
6.5.2. own less than 100% of the issued and outstanding equity securities 
of Trussnet;
 
6.5.3 acquire, for a total consideration in excess of $20,000,000, whether 
through merger, stock purchase, asset purchase, tender offer or other 
means, the stock, assets or operations of any other entity or business;
 
6.5.4. cause or permit the Company, Trussnet or any of the Trussnet 
Subsidiaries to incur any purchase money indebtedness, indebtedness for 
borrowed money , enter into any leases that would be capital leases under 
GAAP or guaranty the obligations of any other Person, including the 
Chinacomm Parties (collectively, “Indebtedness”) where the aggregate of any 
such Indebtedness shall at any time, individually or in the aggregate, 
exceed $100 million;
 
6.5.5. with the exception of the Chinacomm Agreements and the Employment 
Agreement, enter into any agreement with an Affiliate;
 
6.6.6 revise or amend any agreement with an Affiliate (including the terms 
of the Chinacomm Agreements and the Employment Agreement; or
 
6.6.7 until a date which shall be five (5) years from the Closing Date, any 
vote or decision by the Company to effect a Sale of Control of the Company, 
Trussnet or any Trussnet Subsidiaries.
 
The negative covenants set forth in this Section 6.6 shall be of no further 
force or effect upon the earlier to occur of (a) the consummation of the 
Merger, or (b) in the event of a Sale of Control of the Purchaser to any 
unaffiliated Person that is in the telecommunications industry and engaged 
in activities that are, or could reasonably be expected to be, competitive 
with the business of the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or Chinacomm.
 
6.7. Adjustments to Purchaser’s Class B Shares. As of March 31, 2009 
Maturity Date of the Purchaser Note, the Parties shall calculate the 
aggregate number of Class A Common Shares and Equivalents owned by the 
Purchaser and divide this by the aggregate number of Class A Common Shares 
then issued and outstanding and the result thereof shall be the “
Purchaser’s Class A Percentage Interest” as at such date (the “
Post-Closing Class A Percentage Interest”). In the event the Purchaser’s 
Post Closing Class A Percentage Interest shall thereafter decrease, whether 
as a result of either (a) the issuance by the Company of additional Class A 
Common Shares or other securities convertible into or exercisable for Class 
A Common Shares (not subject to any anti-dilution right) or (b) the sale by 
the Purchaser of any Class A Common Shares or Series A Preferred Shares, 
then and in such event the Purchaser’s Post-Closing Class A Percentage 
Interest shall be recalculated after giving effect to such issuance by the 
Company or sale by the Purchaser and the same shall be deemed the “
Adjusted Class A Percentage Interest”. The difference between the 
Purchaser’s Post-Closing Class A Percentage Interest and the Adjusted Class 
A Percentage Interest shall be referred to herein as the “Purchaser’s 
Percentage Decrease”. Upon the occurrence of the Purchaser’s Percentage 
Decrease, a number of Class B Common Shares held by the Purchaser as 
determined by multiplying the aggregate number of Class B Common Shares 
then owned by the Purchaser by the Purchaser’s Percentage Decrease shall be 
transferred to the Class B Holders (other than the Purchaser) on a pro rata 
basis.
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The following is intended as an example by way of illustration only:
 
    Assuming that at the expiration of the Post-Closing Option Period, the
    Purchaser is the holder of 30,000,000 Class B Common Shares and
    100,000,000 Class A Common Shares. Further, the aggregate issued and
    outstanding Class A Common Shares of the Company is 220,000,000 Class A
    Common Shares. The Purchaser’s Post-Closing Class A Percentage Interest
    would then be 45.45% of all Class A Common Shares. The Purchaser
    thereafter sells 20,000,000 of its Class A Common Shares, causing the
    Purchaser’s Adjusted Class A Percentage Interest to be 36.36% (80.0
    million divided by 220.0 million), representing a Purchaser’s
    Percentage Decrease of 9.09%. As a result 2,727,000 of the Class B
    Common Shares held by the Purchaser would be transferred to the other
    Class B Holders on a pro rata basis, calculated as the 9.09%
    Purchaser’s Percentage Decrease multiplied by 30,000,000.
 
The foregoing provisions of this Section 6.7 shall terminate upon 
consummation of the Merger.
 
6.8 Conflicting Commitments.  
 
(a) From the date of execution of this Agreement and through and including 
such date which shall be the earlier to occur of (a) the five (5) Business 
Days following the WiMAX License Renewal Date, or (b) the termination of 
this Agreement by mutual agreement of the Parties prior to such WiMAX 
Renewal Date, except and then only to the extent otherwise provided in 
Section 4.14 of this Agreement, neither the Company, Trussnet, nor any 
officer, director, shareholder, financial advisor or other Affiliate of any 
of the Company or Trussnet, shall (i) enter into any legally binding 
agreement, commitment, or other arrangement that would involve the issuance 
and sale or transfer of any securities of the Company or of any of the 
material assets or properties of the Company or Trussnet (whether by stock 
sale, asset sale, merger, joint venture, consolidation or like 
combination), or (ii) enter into any other legally binding arrangements or 
agreements that could reasonably be expected to make the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement impossible or impracticable (each a “
Conflicting Commitment”).
 
(b) The Company shall notify the Purchaser by fax or email immediately upon 
receipt of notice of Chinacomm having obtained the WiMAX License Renewal. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.8(a) above, if the Purchaser 
then advises the Company in writing that (i) it has received a term sheet 
or other proposals satisfactory to the Purchaser from one or more Persons 
for a minimum amount of the additional financing contemplated by Section 
5.1.12 of this Agreement, and (ii) it will hold its stockholders’ meeting 
within the next five (5) Business Days, the Company will not directly or 
indirectly enter into any such Conflicting Commitment during such five (5) 
Business Day period. In addition, if the Purchaser shall obtain the 
requisite shareholder approval contemplated by Section 5.1.1 of this 
Agreement, the Company shall not thereafter enter into any Conflicting 
Commitment.
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
6.9 Use of Proceeds. The aggregate proceeds payable by the Purchaser to the 
Company in respect of the Purchase Price, shall be used by the Company 
solely for the purchase of providing financing to enable ChinaComm or its 
Affiliates to construct, install and operate the WiMAX Installations in up 
to 29 cities in China pursuant to the WiMAX License. The application of 
such Purchase Price shall include the purchase of equipment and other 
capital assets being leased or subleased to China Comm. The Company shall 
provide to the Purchaser a detailed budget as to the application of such 
Purchase Price and shall arrange, through the Chinacomm Agreements, to 
insure in a manner reasonably acceptable to Purchaser that such proceeds 
are being used as intended by the Parties and the budget.
 
6.10 Participation in Future Financings. 
 
(a) In the event that, on any on or more occasions during the five (5) year 
period of time following the Closing Date, the Company shall elect to issue 
and sell for cash any additional securities of the Company (each a “
Financing”) and shall receive any proposals for such purchases and 
Financing(s) from any other Person (each, a “Financing Proposal”), it shall 
promptly provide to the Purchaser a full and complete copy of each such 
Financing Proposal and each of the amendments or modifications thereto The 
Purchaser shall have the right, but not the obligation, upon notice to the 
Company and such Person providing the Financing Proposal, to participate in 
such additional Financing (a) initially, in an amount equal to up to one 
hundred percent (100%) of the first $200.0 million dollar amount of 
securities to be issued in any one or more of such proposed Financing(s), 
and (b) thereafter,. in an amount equal to up to fifty percent (50%) the 
aggregate dollar amount of securities in excess of $200.0 million that are 
to be issued in any such proposed Financing; in each case, all upon the 
same terms and conditions set forth in the applicable Financing Proposal 
and/or in any definitive financing documentation relating to such 
Financing.
 
(b) To facilitate the foregoing, the Company shall provide the Purchaser or 
its representatives with access to the Person or Person providing such 
Financing Proposal and full and complete copies of all legal and related 
documents issued by the Company or such other Person(s) in connection 
therewith.
 
(c) The foregoing right to participate in future financings shall not be 
deemed to be or construed as a “right of first refusal” granted to the 
Purchaser.
 
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 6.10 
shall no longer be applicable upon consummation of the Merger.
 
6.11 Lock-Up Agreements. On the Closing Date, each of the Purchaser and 
George Alvarez shall enter into agreements with the Company (the “Lockup 
Agreements”) pursuant to which such Person shall each agree not to effect 
any public sale or distribution of any of their Class A Common Shares or 
Series A Preferred Shares for a period equal to twelve (12) months 
following the Closing Date (the “Restricted Period”).
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

6.12 Covenant to Vote. By their execution of this Agreement, each of the 
Company Principal Stockholders do hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
agree to vote all of their shares of Company Class A Common Shares and 
Company Class B Common Shares:

(a) IN FAVOR of the consummation of all of the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement, subject to satisfaction of all conditions to the 
obligations of the Company and Trussnet to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby; and

(b) following the acquisition of the Purchased Securities pursuant to this 
Agreement, IN FAVOR of consummation of the Merger and all of the other 
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

6.13 Securities Filings. Each of the Parties hereto to hereby covenant and 
agree to mutually cooperate with each other and use their individual and 
collective best efforts to (a) expeditiously and timely file with the SEC 
all Form 10-K Annual Reports, Form 20-F Annual Reports, Form 8-K and Form 
6-K Interim Reports, Registration Statement on Form S-4 or F-4, and 
amendments thereto, all Schedule 14-C and 14-F Information Statements, all 
Schedule 13D filings, and all other documents required to be filed with the 
SEC, and (b) to promptly respond to all comments, if any, received from the 
SEC, in order to (i) consummate the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, and (ii) consummate the Merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement.
 
ARTICLE VII
 
ADDITIONAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
 
7.1. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions 
contemplated herein may be abandoned at any time prior to the Closing:
 
(a) by mutual consent of the Purchaser and the Company;
 
(b) by the Purchaser or the Company, if the Purchaser board approval 
condition specified in Section 5.1.11 hereof shall not have been satisfied 
by 5:00 P.M. (California time) on as date which shall be three (3) Business 
Days following the date of execution of this Agreement by all Parties 
hereto;
 
(c) by the Purchaser, in the event the results of its Due Diligence 
Investigation shall not be satisfactory in the sole judgment and discretion 
of the Purchaser;
 
(c) by either the Purchaser or the Company, if the additional funding 
condition specified in Section 5.1.12 hereof shall not have been satisfied 
by the Closing Date;
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d) by the Purchaser, in the event of the breach of any material 
representation and warranty of the Company and Trussnet contained herein or 
in the Merger Agreement, or the failure of the Company or Trussnet to 
perform all material obligations and conditions on their part to be 
performed under this Agreement on or before the Closing Date;
 
(e) by the Company, in the event of the breach of any material 
representation and warranty of the Purchaser contained herein or in the 
Merger Agreement, or the failure of the Purchaser to perform all material 
obligations and conditions on its part to be performed under this Agreement 
on or before the Closing Date;
 
(f) by either the Purchaser or by the Company upon the failure of the 
satisfaction of a condition the obligations of the other Party or Parties 
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, as set forth in 
Section 5.1 herein on or prior to the Outside Closing Date; provided, 
however, that a Party seeking to so terminate this Agreement pursuant to 
this Section 7.1(g) shall have made a good faith effort to satisfy any 
condition precedent on its part to be performed;
 
(g) by the Company, in the event the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement have not been consummated on a date which shall be five (5) 
Business Days following the WiMAX License Renewal Date (the “Outside 
Closing Date”); provided, however, that the Company reserves the right to 
extend the Outside Closing Date to a date which shall be twenty (20) 
Business Days following the WiMAX License Renewal Date, or such later date 
as the Parties hereto may mutually agree.
 
A Party terminating this Agreement pursuant to this Section shall give 
written notice thereof to the other Party hereto, whereupon this Agreement 
shall terminate and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be abandoned 
without further action by any Party; provided, however, that if such 
termination is the result of a breach of this Agreement, nothing herein 
shall affect the non-breaching Party’s right to damages on account of such 
other Party’s breach.
 
7.2 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 7.1 above, or any other 
provisions contained in this Agreement, any Exhibit or schedule hereto or 
in any of the Chinacomm Agreements, each of the Company and Trussnet, on 
behalf of themselves and each of their Affiliates, does hereby irrevocably 
and unconditionally covenant and agree that they shall not have any right, 
title, interest or claim of any kind (a “Claim”) in or to any monies in the 
$115,000,000 Trust Fund maintained by the Purchaser for the benefit of its 
public shareholders. Accordingly, each of the Company and Trussnet, on 
behalf of themselves and each of their Affiliates, hereby waives any Claim 
that it or they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, 
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, and agree 
that none of them shall seek recourse against such trust fund for any 
reason whatsoever.
 
7.3. Expenses. Each of the Parties hereto shall pay such Party's 
Transaction Express in connection with this Agreement, other than as a 
result of the breach hereof by any other party hereto.
 
7.4. Brokerage and Banking Commissions. The Purchaser shall be responsible 
for any and all fees of Maxim Group LLC, Canaccord Capital Corp. and its 
subsidiaries and Roth Capital Partners LLC arising from transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger. The Company acknowledges and 
agrees that it shall be responsible for any and all fees of Knight Capital 
Partners, Inc. arising from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
and the Merger. Except for the foregoing, each of the Purchaser and the 
Company represents that there are no brokerage or similar fees to be paid 
in connection with the Stock Purchase and the Merger.
 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ARTICLE VIII
 
ADDITIONAL MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
 
8.1. Executed Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
original, fax, electronic, or copied counterparts, and all counterparts 
shall be considered together as one agreement.
 
8.2. Successors and Assigns. Except as expressly provided in this 
Agreement, each and all of the covenants, terms, provisions, conditions and 
agreements herein contained shall be binding upon and shall inure to the 
benefit of the successors and assigns of the Parties hereto.
 
8.3. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law 
provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other 
jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any 
jurisdiction other than the State of New York. In the event of a dispute 
related to or arising from the terms of this Agreement, such dispute shall 
be resolved before the American Arbitration Association in New York City, 
New York.
 
8.4. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a writing 
signed by all Parties.
 
8.5. Waiver. No failure by any Party to insist on the strict performance of 
any covenant, duty, agreement, or condition of this Agreement or to 
exercise any right or remedy on a breach shall constitute a waiver of any 
such breach or of any other covenant, duty, agreement, or condition. No 
course of dealing between the Parties, nor any failure to exercise, nor any 
delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege of either Party shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any right, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
 
8.6. Assignability. This Agreement is not assignable by either Party 
without the expressed written consent of all Parties.
 
8.7. Notices. All notices, requests and demands hereunder shall be in 
writing and delivered by hand, by facsimile transmission, by E-Mail, by 
mail, by telegram, or by recognized commercial over-night delivery service 
(such as Federal Express, UPS, or DHL), and shall be deemed given: (a) if 
by hand delivery, upon such delivery; (b) if by facsimile transmission, 
upon telephone confirmation of receipt of same; (c) if by E-Mail, upon 
confirmation of receipt of same; (d) if by mail, forty-eight (48) hours 
after deposit in the United States mail, first class, registered or 
certified mail, postage prepaid; (e) if by telegram, upon telephone 
confirmation of receipt of same; or (f) if by recognized commercial 
over-night delivery service, upon such delivery.
 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
If to the Purchaser:
Asia Special Situation Acquisitions Corp.
  	
c/o M & C Corporate Services Limited
  	
P.O. Box 309GT, Ugland House
  	
South Church Street
  	
George Town, Grand Cayman
  	
Attention: Gary Hirst, Esq.
  	
Telephone:
  	
Facsimile:
  	
E-Mail: gary@axiat.com
  	 
With a copy to:
Stephen A. Weiss, Esq.
  	
HodgsonRuss
  	
1540 Broadway, 24th Floor
  	
New York, New York 10036-4039
  	
Telephone: (646) 218-7606
  	
Facsimile: (212) 751-0928
  	
E-Mail: sweiss@hodgsonruss.com
  	 
If to the Company:
China Tel Group, Inc.
  	
8105 Irvine Center Drive, Suite 800
  	
Irvine, California 92618
  	
Attention: George Alvarez
  	
Telephone: (949) 453-1775
  	
Facsimile: (949) 453-1822
  	
E-Mail: galvarez@trussnet.net
  	 
With a copy to:
Lawrence W. Horwitz, Esq.
  	
HORWITZ, CRON & JASPER, P.L.C.
  	
Four Venture Plaza Suite 390
  	
Irvine, California 92618
  	
Telephone: (949) 450-4942
  	
Facsimile: (949) 453-8774
  	
E-Mail: lhorwitz@hclaw.biz

8.8. Recitals. The facts recited under Recitals above, are hereby 
conclusively presumed to be true as between and affecting the Parties.
 
8.9. Consents, Approvals, and Discretion. Except as herein expressly 
provided to the contrary, whenever this Agreement requires consent or 
approval to be given by a Party, or a Party must or may exercise 
discretion, the Parties agree that such consent or approval shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed, and such discretion shall 
be reasonably exercised. Except as otherwise provided herein, if no 
response to a consent or request for approval is provided within ten (10) 
days from the receipt of the request, then the consent or approval shall be 
presumed to have been given.
 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
8.10. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement has been entered into 
solely by and between the Parties, solely for their benefit. There is no 
intent by either Party to create or establish a third party beneficiary to 
this Agreement, and no such third party shall have any right to enforce any 
right, claim, or cause of action created or established under this 
Agreement.
 
8.11. Best Efforts. The Parties shall use and exercise their best efforts, 
taking all reasonable, ordinary and necessary measures to ensure an orderly 
and smooth relationship under this Agreement, and further agree to work 
together and negotiate in good faith to resolve any differences or problems 
which may arise in the future.
 
8.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Merger Agreement, together 
with the Exhibits hereto and thereto represents the entire agreement and 
understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
thereof, and supercedes in their entirety all other agreements and 
understandings, written or oral, including, without limitation, the Prior 
Agreement which shall no longer be of any force or effect.
 
[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank. Signature page to 
follow.]
 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the Parties, 
and shall be effective as of and on the Effective Date.
  	  	  	 
PURCHASER:
  	  	
COMPANY:
  	  	  	 
ASIA SPECIAL SITUATION ACQUISITION CORP., a Cayman Island corporation
  	  	
CHINA TEL GROUP, INC., a Nevada Company
 
 
  	  	 
By    /s/ Gary T. Hirst 	  	  	
By   /s/ George Alvarez
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Dr. Gary T. Hirst, President
  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  George Alvarez, President
  	  	  	 
Dated: August 6, 2008
  	  	
Dated: August 6, 2008
 
  	  	  	 
TRUSSNET:
  	  	
 
  	  	  	 
TRUSSNET USA, INC, a Nevada Company
  	  	
 
 
  	  	 
By    /s/ George Alvarez
  	  	 
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  George Alvarez, President
  	  	
   
  	  	  	 
Dated August 6, 2008
  	  	 

34
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
COMPANY PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS:

With respect to the provisions of Section 6.4, Section 6.5, Section 6.12 
and Section 7.2 only:
  	  	  	 
  	  	
WESTMOORE INVESTMENTS, L.P.
 
 
  	  	 
/s/ Mario Alvarez
  	  	
By   /s/ Matthew Jennings
------------------------------------------------------------------------
MARIO ALVAREZ 
  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  	  	  	 
ALVAREZ IRR TRUST 	  	  	
WESTMOORE MANAGEMENT, LLC
 
 
  	  	 
By:  /s/ Mario Alvarez
  	  	
By:  /s/ Matthew Jennings
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Mario Alvarez, Trustee
  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  	  	  	 
WESTMOORE CAPITAL GROUP SERIES A LLC 	  	  	
WESTMOORE CAPITAL GROUP SERIES B LLC
 
 
  	  	 
By:  /s/ Matthew Jennings
  	  	
BY:  /s/ Matthew Jennings
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
   
  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT E

DESCRIPTION OF CLASS B COMMON SHARES OF
CHINA TEL GROUP INC.
 
The preferences, voting powers, qualifications and special or relative 
rights or privileges of China Tel Group, Inc. (the "Company") shares of 
Class B Common Shares, $0.0001 par value per share (the "Class B Common"), 
shall be as follows:
 
    1. Authorized Amount.
 
There are hereby authorized 200,000,000 shares of Series B Common Stock, 
subject to this Description. The authorized shares of Class B Common Shares 
shall not be increased unless the holders of Eighty-Five Percent (85%) of 
the issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Shares vote in favor of 
increasing the number of authorized Class B Common Shares.
 
    2. Voting.
 
Each holder of a share of Class B Common Shares shall have the right to 
cast ten (10) votes for each share of Class B Common Shares held by such 
shareholder at any duly called meeting of shareholders or pursuant to a 
written consent of shareholders
 
    3. No Economic Interest or Right to Dividends.
 
(a) The Class B Common Shares shall have no economic interest in the assets 
or properties of the Company, nor shall the holders of any shares of Class 
B Common Shares be entitled to receive any consideration, or share in the 
receipt of any consideration, available to other holders of securities of 
the Company in connection with (i) the sale or transfer of any securities 
or assets of the Company (whether through stock sale, asset sale, merger, 
tender offer, consolidation or like combination), or (ii) the transfer of 
any shares of Class B Common Shares to any other Person.
 
(b) The holders of Class B Common Shares shall not be entitled to the 
payment of any dividends payable by the Company, in cash or in kind.
 
4. No Rights on Liquidation.
 
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, 
whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of shares of Class B Common 
Shares shall not be entitled to receive any cash, cash-in-kind or assets 
whatsoever of the Company.
 
5. Conversion.
 
The Class B Common Shares shall have no rights to convert into any other 
authorized shares of the Company.
 
Exhibit E
Page 1 of 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
6. Transferability.
 
The consent of Eighty-One Percent (81%) of the issued and outstanding 
shares of Class B Common Shares shall be required for any holder of Class B 
Common Shares to sell, assign, or transfer any shares of Class B Common 
Shares to any third party, or to grant proxies or voting rights with 
respect to any shares of Class B Common Shares, except for any proxies 
granted to George Alvarez relating to the Class B Common Shares.
 
    7. Redemption Rights.
 
The Company shall redeem the Class B Common Shares on July 1, 2023 (the 
“Redemption Date”). On the Redemption Date each share of Class B Common 
Shares shall be redeemed by the Company at the par value ($0.0001) of the 
shares of Class B Common Shares.
 
Exhibit E
Page 2 of 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT F
 
DESCRIPTION OF SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES OF
CHINA TEL GROUP INC.
 
The preferences, voting powers, qualifications and special or relative 
rights or privileges of China Tel Group, Inc. (the "Company") shares of 
Series A Preferred Shares, $0.0001 par value per share (the "Series A 
Preferred Shares"), shall be as follows:
 
1. Authorized Amount.
 
There are hereby authorized 25,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Shares, 
subject to this Description. The Series A Preferred shall have a $0.0001 
par value per share and a $10.00 liquidation or stated value per share (the 
“Stated Value”).
 
    2. Voting.
 
Each share of Series A Preferred Shares shall have the right to cast votes 
at any duly called meeting of shareholders or pursuant to a written consent 
of shareholders. Each share of Series A Preferred Shares shall be entitled 
to vote as if the Series A Preferred Shares were converted into Class A 
Common Shares in accordance with Section 5 herein.
 
3. Dividends.
 
The holders of Series A Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive a 
quarterly cash dividend in respect of the Stated Value of each share of 
Series A Preferred held (payable in equal quarterly amounts) as shall be 
equal to the same rate of any annual interest or annual dividends payable 
by Asia Special Situation Acquisition Corp. (“ASSAC”) in connection with 
obtaining of up to $165,000,000 of additional financing through the sale by 
ASSAC of notes, debentures or preferred shares of ASSAC (the “ASSAC Senior 
Securities”), as contemplated by that certain Amended and Restated Stock 
Purchase Agreement dated August 6, 2008 among the Company, Trussnet USA, 
Inc. and ASSAC (the “Stock Purchase Agreement”), to which this Description 
is an exhibit. The dividend shall be paid by the Company to the holders of 
the Series A Preferred Shares on September 30, December 31, March 31 and 
June 30 each year. The dividend shall be cumulative in the event the 
Company is without sufficient funds to pay the dividend when due. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise agreed to by the Company, 
the annual dividend on the Series A Preferred Shares shall not be in excess 
of 10% per annum.
 
4. Rights on Liquidation.
 
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, 
whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of shares of Series A 
Preferred Shares shall be entitled to a liquidation preference over the 
holders of all classes or series of the common stock of the Company in the 
sum of par value ($10.00) for each share of Series A Preferred Shares 
issued and outstanding plus any unpaid or accrued dividends owing to the 
holders of the Series A Preferred Shares.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    5. Conversion.
 
(a) The Series A Preferred Shares shall be convertible at the option of the 
holder, unless otherwise set forth herein. In the event of a conversion, 
each Series A Preferred Shares share shall convert into shares of Class A 
Common Shares of the Company at the Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate 
per share of Series A Preferred shall be $10.00 divided by the $2.25 
Purchase Price per share of Class A Common Shares paid by ASSAC pursuant to 
the Stock Purchase Agreement, to which this Description is an Exhibit (the 
"Conversion Rate").
 
(b) Subject at all times to ASSAC’s right to retain shares of Series A 
Preferred in aggregate dollar Stated Amount equal to the then aggregate 
outstanding principal or stated amount of any ASSAC Senior Securities, all 
or an applicable portion of the Series A Preferred Shares shares shall 
automatically convert into shares of CHTL Class A Common Shares at the 
Conversion Rate, in the event that:
 
(i) the weighted average trading price of CHTL Class A Common Shares 
exceeds five (5) times the per share Purchase Price of the Class A Common 
Shares for twenty (20) consecutive trading days;
 
(ii) the Class A Common Shares of the Company is traded on the NASDAQ Stock 
Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the New York Stock Exchange;
 
(iii) the Class A Common Shares into which any shares of Series A Preferred 
Shares shall be converted have been registered for resale under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or may be immediately sold without 
volume or other limitations pursuant to Rule 144, as promulgated under the 
Securities Act; and
 
(iv) the average weekly trading volume of the CHTL Class A Common Shares 
for four consecutive weeks shall be not less than 1,000,000 shares per 
week.
 
(c) Anti-Dilution Provisions. In the event the Company shall reclassifies 
its Class A Common Shares or effect any split of or otherwise recapitalizes 
its Class A Common Shares, the number of shares into which the holder of 
Series A Preferred convert shall be adjusted, so that the aggregate 
outstanding shares before and after such transaction shall have the same 
value as before the transaction.
 
(d) Sale of Control.  In the event of a Sale of Control, as defined in the 
Stock Purchase Agreement, each share of Series A Preferred Shares shall 
automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Shares of the Company 
in accordance with this Description.

(e) Definition. The term "Class A Common Shares" as used in this Section 
shall mean the shares of the Class A Common Shares of the Company, 
authorized at the date of the initial issuance of the Series A Preferred 
Shares or, in case of a reclassification or exchange of such Class A Common 
Shares, shares of the stock into or for which such Class A Common Shares 
shall be reclassified or exchanged and all provisions of this Section 5 
shall be applied appropriately thereto and to any stock resulting from any 
subsequent reclassification or exchange thereof.
 
6. Transferability.
 
The shares of Series A Preferred Shares shall not be sold, transferred or 
encumbered unless and until converted into Class A Common Shares.
 
     7. Redemption of Series A Preferred Shares.
 
(a) Optional Redemption Upon not less than 90 days prior written notice to 
the holders, the Company shall have the right (but not the obligation) to 
redeem the Series A Preferred Shares shares on a date which shall be on or 
after seven (7) years after the issuance of the Series A Preferred Shares 
shares (the “Optional Redemption Date”). On the Optional Redemption Date, 
unless previously converted by the holder into Class A Common Shares, each 
share of Series A Preferred Shares may be redeemed by the Company at a cash 
price of Ten Dollars ($10.00) plus any accumulated dividend owing to the 
holders of the Series A Preferred Shares by the Company as of the Optional 
Redemption Date.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) Mandatory Redemption. It is understood that ASSAC shall have issued the 
ASSAC Senior Securities in order to obtain the financing necessary to 
acquire the Series A Preferred Shares. The terms and conditions of the 
ASSAC Senior Securities shall have been disclosed to and approved by the 
Company prior to the issuance of the ASSAC Senior Securities. The Company 
shall be obligated to redeem the Series A Preferred Shares shares on the 
date and in the amount that ASSAC is required to redeem, payoff or 
otherwise liquidate all or a portion of the ASSAC Senior Securities. Upon a 
determination of the exact terms of the ASSAC Senior Securities, the 
Company shall amend this Description to the satisfaction of ASSAC in order 
to provide assurances to ASSAC that the Company shall be obligated to 
provide funds to ASSAC for the purpose of ASSAC discharging its obligations 
under the ASSAC Senior Securities. 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 