 EX-10.A 2 abt8k081108ex10a.htm SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AUGUST 
11, 2008 AMONG ADVANCED BATTERY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND CERTAIN NAMED 
PURCHASERS
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This Securities Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated as of August 
11, 2008, between Advanced Battery Technologies, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), and each purchaser identified on the signature 
pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a “Purchaser” and 
collectively, the “Purchasers”).
 
WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires 
to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not 
jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as 
more fully described in this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I.
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1        Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this 
Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the 
meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:
 
    “Acquiring Person” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 4.5.
 
    “Action” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(j).
 
    “Affiliate” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one
    or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
    control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under
    Rule 405 under the Securities Act.
 
    “Bloomberg L.P.” means Bloomberg L.P. or, if Bloomberg L.P. no longer
    reports the applicable pricing or other information, such other data
    service as may in the future replace Bloomberg L.P. as the primary
    industry source of stock market data.
 
    “Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the Company.
 
    “Business Day” means any day except Saturday, Sunday, any day which is
    a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which
    banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
    required by law or other governmental action to close.
 

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    “Closing” means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities
    pursuant to Section 2.1.
 
    “Closing Date” means the Trading Day when all of the Transaction
    Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
    thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers’
    obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Company’s
    obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied or waived.
 
    “Closing Statement” means the Closing Statement in the form Annex A 
    attached hereto.
 
    “Commission” means the United States Securities and Exchange
    Commission.
 
    “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001
    per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
    may hereafter be reclassified or changed into.
 
    “Common Stock Equivalents” means any securities of the Company or the
    Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
    time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred
    stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any
    time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise
    entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.
 
    “Company Counsel” means Robert Brantl, Esq., with offices located at 52
    Mulligan Lane, Irvington, NY 10533.
 
    “Disclosure Schedules” means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company
    delivered concurrently herewith.
 
    “Discussion Time” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.2(f).
 
    “Effective Date” means the date that the initial Registration Statement
    filed by the Company pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement is
    first declared effective by the Commission.
 
    “Evaluation Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(r).
 
    “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
    and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


    “Exempt Issuance” means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or
    options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to
    any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority
    of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of
    the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for
    such purpose, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or
    conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities
    exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common
    Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
    that such securities have not been amended since the date of this
    Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the
    exercise, exchange or conversion price of such securities, and (c)
    securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions
    approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company,
    provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person which is,
    itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company in a business
    synergistic with the business of the Company and in which the Company
    receives benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not
    include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
    primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose
    primary business is investing in securities.
     
    “FWS” means Feldman Weinstein & Smith LLP with offices located at 420
    Lexington Avenue, Suite 2620, New York, New York 10170-0002.
 
    “GAAP” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).
 
    “Indebtedness” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(aa).
 
    “Intellectual Property Rights” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 3.1(o).
 
    “Legend Removal Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 4.1(c).
 
    “Liens” means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of
    first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.
 
    “Material Adverse Effect” shall have the meaning assigned to such term
    in Section 3.1(b).
 
    “Material Permits” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(m).
 
     “Person” means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust,
    incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited
    liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or
    subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.
 
    “Proceeding” means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding
    (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial
    proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.
 

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    “Public Information Failure” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 4.2(b).
 
    “Public Information Failure Payments” shall have the meaning ascribed
    to such term in Section 4.2(b).
 
    “Purchaser Party” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 4.8.
 
    “Registration Rights Agreement” means the Registration Rights
    Agreement, dated August 7, 2008, among the Company and the Purchasers.
 
    “Registration Statement” means a registration statement meeting the
    requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and
    covering the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares and the Warrant
    Shares.
 
    “Required Approvals” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(e).
 
    “Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the
    Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any
    similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
    substantially the same effect as such Rule.
 
    “SEC Reports” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(h).
 
    “Securities” means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.
 
    “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
    rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
    “Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each
    Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.
 
    “Short Sales” means all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 of
    Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to
    include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common
    Stock). 
 
    “Subscription Amount” means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount
    to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
    below such Purchaser’s name on the signature page of this Agreement and
    next to the heading “Subscription Amount,” in United States dollars and
    in immediately available funds.
 
    “Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on 
    Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or
    indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date
    hereof.
 

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    “Trading Day” means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open
    for trading.
 
    “Trading Market” means the following markets or exchanges on which the
    Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
    the American Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq
    Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
    Exchange or the OTC Bulletin Board.
 
    “Transaction Documents” means this Agreement, the Warrant, and any
    other documents or agreements executed in connection with the
    transactions contemplated hereunder.
 
    “Transfer Agent” means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co., the
    current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 17
    Battery Place, New York, NY 10004 and a facsimile number of
    212-509-5150, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.
 
    “Variable Rate Transaction” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 4.13(b).
 
    “VWAP” means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the
    following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
    or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price
    of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on
    the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted
    for trading as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from
    9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)); (b) 
    if the OTC Bulletin Board is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
    average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
    preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board; (c) if the Common Stock is
    not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board and if
    prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the “Pink Sheets”
    published by Pink OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or
    agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
    recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported; or (d) in
    all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
    determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the
    Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Shares then outstanding and
    reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
    shall be paid by the Company.
 
    “Warrants” means the Series B Unit Purchase Warrants delivered to the
    Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof,
    which Series B Warrants shall be exercisable immediately following the
    date hereof and have a term of exercise expiring August 15, 2008, in
    the form of Exhibit C-1 attached hereto.
 
    “Warrant Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
    exercise of the Warrants.
 

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ARTICLE II.
PURCHASE AND SALE
 
2.1       Closing.  In consideration of the Consent and Waiver dated August 
8, 2008 executed by each of the Purchasers, on the Closing Date, upon the 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially 
concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties 
hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers shall purchase 
Warrants to purchase up to $12,000,000 of Units.  The Company shall deliver 
to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Warrant, as determined 
pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall 
deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the 
Closing.  Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in 
Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of FWS or such 
other location as the parties shall mutually agree.
 
2.2       Deliveries.
 
    (a)        On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver
    or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:
 
       (i)         this Agreement duly executed by the Company;
 
       (ii)        a legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in the
       form of Exhibit B attached hereto; and
 
       (iii)       a Series B Warrant to purchase Units as described
       therein at a price of $4.25 per Unit up to an aggregate exercise
       amount equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount under the
       Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 7, 2008.
 
    (b)        On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall
    deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:
 
       (i)         this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser.
 
2.3       Closing Conditions.
 
    (a)        The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with
    the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:
 
       (i)         the accuracy in all material respects on the Closing
       Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers
       contained herein;
 
       (ii)        all obligations, covenants and agreements of each
       Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date
       shall have been performed; and
 

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
       (iii)        the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth
       in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.
 
    (b)        The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in
    connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions
    being met:
 
       (i)         the accuracy in all material respects when made and on
       the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the
       Company contained herein;
 
       (ii)        all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company
       required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have
       been performed;
 
       (iii)       the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in
       Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;
 
       (iv)       there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with
       respect to the Company since the date hereof; and
 
       (v)        from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the
       Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the
       Company’s principal Trading Market (except for any suspension of
       trading of limited duration agreed to by the Company, which
       suspension shall be terminated prior to the Closing), and, at any
       time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as
       reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited,
       or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities
       whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market,
       nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the
       United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have
       occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other
       national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect
       on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which,
       in each case, in the reasonable judgment of each Purchaser, makes it
       impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the
       Closing.
 
ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
3.1       Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set 
forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be 
deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made 
herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding 
section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following 
representations and warranties to each Purchaser:
 

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


    (a)        Subsidiaries.  All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries
    of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a).  The Company owns,
    directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity
    interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of
    the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary
    are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of
    preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. 
    If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the
    Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be
    disregarded.
 
    (b)        Organization and Qualification.  The Company and each of the
    Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
    validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
    jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite
    power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to
    carry on its business as currently conducted.  Neither the Company nor
    any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of
    its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
    other organizational or charter documents.  Each of the Company and the
    Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
    standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction
    in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it
    makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
    qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or
    reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on
    the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document,
    (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets,
    business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
    Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material
    adverse effect on the Company’s ability to perform in any material
    respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction
    Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a “Material Adverse Effect”) and
    no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking,
    limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such
    power and authority or qualification.
 
    (c)        Authorization; Enforcement.  The Company has the requisite
    corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
    transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and
    otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.  The
    execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents by the
    Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
    hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on
    the part of the Company and no further action is required by the
    Company, the Board of Directors or the Company’s stockholders in
    connection therewith other than in connection with the Required
    Approvals.  Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
    (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and,
    when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
    constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
    against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as
    limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy,
    insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
    application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, (ii)
    as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
    performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii)
    insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
    by applicable law.
 

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    (d)        No Conflicts.  The execution, delivery and performance by
    the Company of the Transaction Documents, the issuance and sale of the
    Securities and the consummation by it to which it is a party of the
    other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not:
    (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any
    Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
    organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute
    a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would
    become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of
    the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to
    others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
    cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any
    agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a
    Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to
    which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
    or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or
    (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a
    violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
    decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to
    which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and
    state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or
    asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in
    the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or
    reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (e)        Filings, Consents and Approvals.  The Company is not
    required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give
    any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or
    other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
    Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by
    the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
    required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing
    with the Commission of the Registration Statement, (iii) the notice
    and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the
    issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Securities
    for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and (iv)
    the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are
    required to be made under applicable state securities laws
    (collectively, the “Required Approvals”).
 
    (f)         Issuance of the Securities.  The Securities are duly
    authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the
    applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued,
    fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by
    the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the
    Transaction Documents.  The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance
    with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued,
    fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by
    the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the
    Transaction Documents.  The Company has reserved from its duly
    authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
    issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants.
 

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    (g)        Capitalization.  The capitalization of the Company is as set
    forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the
    number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by
    Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. The Company has not
    issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report
    under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee
    stock options under the Company’s stock option plans, the issuance of
    shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s employee
    stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of
    Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most
    recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act.  No Person has
    any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
    or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by
    the Transaction Documents.  Except as a result of the purchase and sale
    of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip
    rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
    whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations
    convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any
    Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common
    Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by
    which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue
    additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.  The
    issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to
    issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other
    than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of
    Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or
    reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares
    of capital stock of the Company are validly issued, fully paid and
    nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and
    state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued
    in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe
    for or purchase securities.  No further approval or authorization of
    any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the
    issuance and sale of the Securities.  There are no stockholders
    agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect
    to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to
    the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s
    stockholders.
 
    (h)        SEC Reports; Financial Statements.  The Company has filed
    all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
    to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
    Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
    years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company
    was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
    materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by
    reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the “SEC
    Reports”) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such
    time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the
    expiration of any such extension.  As of their respective dates, the
    SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of
    the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the
    SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material
    fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
    or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
    the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
 

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
     The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the
    Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the
    SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
    requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with
    respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.  Such financial
    statements have been prepared in accordance with United States
    generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis
    during the periods involved (“GAAP”), except as may be otherwise
    specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except
    that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes
    required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the
    financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as
    of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash
    flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
    statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
 
     (i)        Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or
    Developments.  Since the date of the latest audited financial
    statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically
    disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof:
    (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
    that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
    Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
    or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses
    incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the
    Company’s financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
    made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method
    of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
    or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or
    purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
    shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any
    equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except
    pursuant to existing Company stock option plans.  The Company does not
    have pending before the Commission any request for confidential
    treatment of information.  Except for the issuance of the Securities
    contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no
    event, liability or development has occurred or exists with respect to
    the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective business,
    properties, operations or financial condition, that would be required
    to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the
    time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been
    publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this
    representation is made.
 
     (j)        Litigation.  There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of
    violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
    the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any
    Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any
    court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory
    authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an
    “Action”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality,
    validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the
    Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have
    or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
    Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
    thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of
    violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a
    claim of breach of fiduciary duty.
 

 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
     There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not
    pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving
    the Company or any current or former director or officer of the
    Company.  The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order
    suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the
    Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.
 
    (k)        Labor Relations.  No material labor dispute exists or, to
    the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the
    employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result
    in a Material Adverse Effect.  None of the Company’s or its
    Subsidiaries’ employees is a member of a union that relates to such
    employee’s relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and
    neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a
    collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries
    believe that their relationships with their employees are good.  No
    executive officer, to the knowledge of the Company, is, or is now
    expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment
    contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information
    agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or
    agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and
    the continued employment of each such executive officer does not
    subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with
    respect to any of the foregoing matters.  The Company and its
    Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and
    foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment
    practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
    except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or
    in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect.
 
     (l)        Compliance.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is
    in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has
    not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
    result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has
    the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in
    default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or
    credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a
    party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not
    such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any
    order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body or (iii) is or has
    been in violation of any statute, rule or regulation of any
    governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign,
    federal, state and local laws applicable to its business and all such
    laws that affect the environment, except in each case as could not have
    or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (m)        Regulatory Permits.  The Company and the Subsidiaries
    possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the
    appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities
    necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the
    SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not
    reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (“
    Material Permits”), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
    received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
    modification of any Material Permit.
 

 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    (n)        Title to Assets.  The Company and the Subsidiaries have good
    and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
    and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them
    that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
    in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens as do not
    materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
    interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by
    the Company and the Subsidiaries and Liens for the payment of federal,
    state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor
    subject to penalties.  Any real property and facilities held under
    lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid,
    subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the
    Subsidiaries are in compliance.
 
    (o)        Patents and Trademarks.  The Company and the Subsidiaries
    have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
    trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade
    secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual
    property rights and similar rights as described in the SEC Reports as
    necessary or material for use in connection with their respective
    businesses and which the failure to so have could have a Material
    Adverse Effect (collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”). 
    Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written
    or otherwise) that any of the Intellectual Property Rights used by the
    Company or any Subsidiary violates or infringes upon the rights of any
    Person.  To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual
    Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
    by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights.  The
    Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to
    protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their
    intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not,
    individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
    Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (p)        Insurance.  The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by
    insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and
    risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the
    businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged,
    including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance
    coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount.  Neither
    the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will
    not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such
    coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as
    may be necessary to continue its business without a significant
    increase in cost.
 
    (q)        Transactions With Affiliates and Employees.  Except as set
    forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the
    Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of
    the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or
    any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and
    directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement
    providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental
    of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring
    payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
    knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or
    any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer,
    director, trustee or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
    than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services
    rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the
    Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option
    agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
     (r)        Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls.  The Company
    is in material compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002 which are applicable to it as of the Closing Date.  The Company
    and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls
    sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are
    executed in accordance with management’s general or specific
    authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
    preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to
    maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only
    in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization, and
    (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the
    existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
    with respect to any differences. The Company has established disclosure
    controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
    15d-15(e)) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and
    procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
    Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
    recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
    specified in the Commission’s rules and forms.  The Company’s
    certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s
    disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
    by the Company’s most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
    Act (such date, the “Evaluation Date”).  The Company presented in its
    most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the
    conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the
    disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the
    Evaluation Date.  Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes
    in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as such
    term is defined in the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or
    is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
    control over financial reporting.
 
    (s)        Certain Fees.  No brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions
    are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor
    or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or
    other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the
    Transaction Documents.  The Purchasers shall have no obligation with
    respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf
    of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that
    may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
    Transaction Documents.
 

 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
     (t)        Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers’
    representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
    registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and
    sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
    hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not
    contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.
 
    (u)        Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an
    Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the
    Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an “investment company”
    within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
    The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not
    become subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
    (v)        Registration Rights.  Other than each of the Purchasers, no
    Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration
    under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company.
 
    (w)       Listing and Maintenance Requirements.  The Common Stock is
    registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
    the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge
    is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
    Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any
    notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such
    registration.  The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date
    hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common
    Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is
    not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such
    Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it
    will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with
    all such listing and maintenance requirements.
 
    (x)        Application of Takeover Protections.  The Company and the
    Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to
    render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business
    combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
    agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company’s
    certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws
    of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the
    Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling
    their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction
    Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Company’s
    issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers’ ownership of the
    Securities.
 
    (y)        Disclosure.  Except with respect to the material terms and
    conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
    Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person
    acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents
    or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might
    constitute material, non-public information.
 

 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on
    the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of
    the Company.  All disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company
    to the Purchasers regarding the Company, its business and the
    transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to
    this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
    necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the
    circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press
    releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding
    the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
    to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
    therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and
    when made, not misleading.  The Company acknowledges and agrees that no
    Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with
    respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those
    specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
 
    (z)        No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the
    Purchasers’ representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
    neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting
    on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
    sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security,
    under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to
    be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i)
    the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such
    securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder
    approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the
    securities of the Company are listed or designated.
 
    (aa)       Solvency.  Based on the consolidated financial condition of
    the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
    by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities
    hereunder: (i) the fair saleable value of the Company’s assets exceeds
    the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the
    Company’s existing debts and other liabilities (including known
    contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Company’s assets do
    not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
    now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital
    needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
    business conducted by the Company, and projected capital requirements
    and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of
    the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were
    it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all
    anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on
    or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be
    paid.  The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to
    pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and
    amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).  The
    Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to
    believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the
    bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year
    from the Closing Date.  Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date
    hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the
    Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary
    has commitments.
 

 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
     For the purposes of this Agreement, “Indebtedness” means (x) any
    liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000
    (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of
    business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
    obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the
    same are or should be reflected in the Company’s balance sheet (or the
    notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable
    instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the
    ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease
    payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be
    capitalized in accordance with GAAP.  Neither the Company nor any
    Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.
 
    (bb)      Tax Status.  Except for matters that would not, individually
    or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
    Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each Subsidiary has filed all
    necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns
    and has paid or accrued all taxes shown as due thereon, and the Company
    has no knowledge of a tax deficiency which has been asserted or
    threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary.
 
    (cc)       No General Solicitation.  Neither the Company nor any person
    acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the
    Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. 
    The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers
    and certain other “accredited investors” within the meaning of Rule 501
    under the Securities Act.
 
    (dd)      Foreign Corrupt Practices.  Neither the Company, nor to the
    knowledge of the Company, any agent or other person acting on behalf of
    the Company, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for
    unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
    related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any
    unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or
    employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns
    from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution
    made by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
    which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv)
    violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt
    Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
    (ee)       Accountants.  The Company’s accounting firm is set forth on 
    Schedule 3.1(ee) of the Disclosure Schedules.  To the knowledge and
    belief of the Company, such accounting firm: (i) is a registered public
    accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express
    its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in
    the Company’s Annual Report for the year ending December 31, 2008.
 
     (ff)       No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers.  There are
    no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably
    anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the
    accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company
    and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its
    accountants and lawyers which could affect the Company’s ability to
    perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (gg)      Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers’ Purchase of Securities. 
    The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is
    acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length purchaser with respect
    to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
    The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a
    financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
    capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the
    transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser
    or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with
    the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is
    merely incidental to the Purchasers’ purchase of the Securities.  The
    Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Company’s
    decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction
    Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
    transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its
    representatives.
 
    (hh)       Acknowledgment Regarding Purchaser’s Trading Activity.
    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the
    contrary (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood
    and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has
    been asked to agree by the Company, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to
    desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
    Company, or “derivative” securities based on securities issued by the
    Company prior to the Discussion Time (as defined in Section 3.2(f), or
    to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open
    market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including,
    without limitation, Short Sales or “derivative” transactions, before or
    after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may
    negatively impact the market price of the Company’s publicly-traded
    securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in “derivative”
    transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or
    indirectly, may presently have a “short” position in the Common Stock
    and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation
    with or control over any arm’s length counter-party in any “derivative”
    transaction.  The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y)
    one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
    times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including,
    without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant
    Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and
    (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the
    existing stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the
    time that the hedging activities are being conducted.  The Company
    acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not
    constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.
 

 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
     (ii)        Regulation M Compliance.  The Company has not, and to its
    knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or
    indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the
    stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the
    Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii)
    sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting
    purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to
    any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any
    other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses
    (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Company’s placement agent in
    connection with the placement of the Securities..
 
    (jj)        Form S-3 Eligibility.  The Company is eligible to register
    the resale of the Securities for resale by the Purchaser on Form S-3
    promulgated under the Securities Act.
 
    (kk)      Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company
    under the Company’s stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
    with the terms of the Company’s stock option plan and (ii) with an
    exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
    Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under
    GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Company’s
    stock option plan has been backdated.  The Company has not knowingly
    granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to
    knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly
    coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
    announcement of material information regarding the Company or its
    Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.
 
3.2       Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers.  Each 
Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and 
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as 
follows:
 
    (a)        Organization; Authority.  Such Purchaser is an entity duly
    organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
    jurisdiction of its organization with full right, corporate or
    partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
    transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to
    carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and
    delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser
    of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been
    duly authorized by all necessary corporate or similar action on the
    part of such Purchaser.  Each Transaction Document to which it is a
    party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by
    such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the
    valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable
    against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by
    general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
    reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
    affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as limited
    by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
    injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as
    indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
    applicable law.
 

 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    (b)        Own Account.  Such Purchaser understands that the Securities
    are “restricted securities” and have not been registered under the
    Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring
    the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to
    or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in
    violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law,
    has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in
    violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law
    and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any
    other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such
    Securities (this representation and warranty not limiting such
    Purchaser’s right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration
    Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state
    securities laws) in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
    state securities law.  Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities
    hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.
 
    (c)        Purchaser Status.  At the time such Purchaser was offered
    the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
    date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an
    “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
    (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a “qualified
    institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities
    Act.  Such Purchaser is not required to be registered as a
    broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.
 
    (d)        Experience of Such Purchaser.  Such Purchaser, either alone
    or together with its representatives, has such knowledge,
    sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as
    to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective
    investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks
    of such investment.  Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk
    of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to
    afford a complete loss of such investment.
 
    (e)        General Solicitation.  Such Purchaser is not purchasing the
    Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other
    communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper,
    magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or
    presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general
    advertisement.
 
     (f)        Short Sales and Confidentiality Prior To The Date Hereof. 
    Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such
    Purchaser has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on
    behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser,
    executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the
    securities of the Company during the period commencing from the time
    that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from
    the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth
    the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder until the
    date hereof (“Discussion Time”), which the Company acknowledges was
    after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on August 8, 2008.
 

 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a
    multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
    manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio
    managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by
    the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s
    assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with
    respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
    made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this
    Agreement.  Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, such
    Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to
    it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and
    terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
    avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
    representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to
    the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available
    shares to borrow in order to effect short sales or similar transactions
    in the future.
 
ARTICLE IV.
OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES
 
4.1       Transfer Restrictions.
 
    (a)        The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with
    state and federal securities laws.  In connection with any transfer of
    Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement
    or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in
    connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company
    may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion
    of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the
    Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
    satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not
    require registration of such transferred Securities under the
    Securities Act.  As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall
    agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the
    Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights of a Purchaser
    under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.
 
    (b)        The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is
    required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in
    the following form:
 

 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN  REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
    COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON
    AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
    AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR
    SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
    SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A
    TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
    SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS
    AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH
    EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE
    COMPANY.  THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
    MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A
    FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” AS DEFINED IN
    RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH
    SECURITIES.
 
    The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to
    time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
    broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the
    Securities to a financial institution that is an “accredited investor”
    as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be
    bound by the provisions of this Agreement and the Registration Rights
    Agreement and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such
    Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or
    secured parties.  Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to
    approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the
    pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection
    therewith.  Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge.  At
    the appropriate Purchaser’s expense, the Company will execute and
    deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of
    Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or
    transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to
    registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the
    preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule
    424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the
    Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders
    (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.
 
    (c)        Certificates evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares shall
    not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section
    4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration statement (including the
    Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is
    effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such
    Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Shares or
    Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the
    requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public
    information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares and Warrant
    Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if
    such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the
    Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
    issued by the staff of the Commission).

 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


     The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the
    Transfer Agent promptly after the Effective Date if required by the
    Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder.  If all
    or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an
    effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant
    Shares, or if such Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144, without
    the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current
    public information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares and
    Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or if
    such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of
    the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and
    pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Warrant
    Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that
    following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no
    longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than three
    Trading Days following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or
    the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant
    Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend (such
    third Trading Day, the “Legend Removal Date”), deliver or cause to be
    delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that
    is free from all restrictive and other legends.  The Company may not
    make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer
    Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this
    Section 4.  Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal
    hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser
    by crediting the account of the Purchaser’s prime broker with the
    Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser.

    (d)        In addition to such Purchaser’s other available remedies,
    the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated
    damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Shares or Warrant
    Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such
    Securities are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal
    of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per
    Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days
    after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the
    Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a
    legend. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchaser’s right to pursue
    actual damages for the Company’s failure to deliver certificates
    representing any Securities as required by the Transaction Documents,
    and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies
    available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a
    decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.
 
    (e)         Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other
    Purchasers, agrees that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
    pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act,
    including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an
    exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a
    Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan
    of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of
    the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set
    forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Company’s reliance
    upon this understanding.
 

 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.2       Furnishing of Information; Public Information.
 
    (a)        If the Common Stock is not registered under Section 12(b) or
    12(g) of the Exchange Act on the date hereof, the Company agrees to
    cause the Common Stock to be registered under Section 12(g) of the
    Exchange Act on or before the 60th calendar day following the date
    hereof. Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns
    Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to
    maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or
    12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in
    respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all
    reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof
    pursuant to the Exchange Act.  As long as any Purchaser owns
    Securities, if the Company is not required to file reports pursuant to
    the Exchange Act, it will prepare and furnish to the Purchasers and
    make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information
    as is required for the Purchasers to sell the Securities under Rule
    144. The Company further covenants that it will take such further
    action as any holder of Securities may reasonably request, to the
    extent required from time to time to enable such Person to sell such
    Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the
    requirements of the exemption provided by Rule 144.
 
    (b)        At any time during the period commencing from the six (6)
    month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all
    of the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company
    to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without
    restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company shall
    fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information
    requirement under Rule 144(c) (a “Public Information Failure”) then, in
    addition to such Purchaser’s other available remedies, the Company
    shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and
    not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its
    ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to two percent
    (2.0%) of the aggregate Subscription Amount of such Purchaser’s
    Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every
    thirtieth (30th) day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty
    days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public
    Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public
    information is no longer required  for the Purchasers to transfer the
    Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144.  The payments to which
    a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.2(b) are
    referred to herein as “Public Information Failure Payments.”  Public
    Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the
    last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information
    Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day
    after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information
    Failure Payments is cured.  In the event the Company fails to make
    Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public
    Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5%
    per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing
    herein shall limit such Purchaser’s right to pursue actual damages for
    the Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right
    to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including,
    without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
    relief.
 

 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.3       Integration.  The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or 
solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as 
defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with 
the offer or sale of the Securities to the Purchasers in a manner that 
would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the 
Securities to the Purchasers or that would be integrated with the offer or 
sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any 
Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the 
closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained 
before the closing of such subsequent transaction.
 
4.4       Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity.  The Company shall, by 
8:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the 
date hereof, issue a Current Report on Form 8-K, disclosing the material 
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and including the 
Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto.  The Company and each Purchaser 
shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with 
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company 
nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any 
such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with 
respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent 
of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which 
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such 
disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall 
promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement 
or communication.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not 
publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any 
Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or 
Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, 
except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) 
any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights 
Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents (including 
signature pages thereto) with the Commission and (b) to the extent such 
disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case 
the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such 
disclosure permitted under this clause (b).
 
4.5       Shareholder Rights Plan.  No claim will be made or enforced by 
the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any 
Purchaser is an “Acquiring Person” under any control share acquisition, 
business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a 
rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or 
hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to 
trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of 
receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other 
agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.
 
4.6       Non-Public Information.  Except with respect to the material 
terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other 
Person acting on its behalf, will provide any Purchaser or its agents or 
counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material 
non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have 
executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such 
information.  The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser 
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in 
securities of the Company.
 

 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.7       Use of Proceeds.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 attached 
hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the 
Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such 
proceeds for: (a) the satisfaction of any portion of the Company’s debt 
(other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the 
Company’s business and prior practices), (b) the redemption of any Common 
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (c) the settlement of any outstanding 
litigation.
 
4.8       Indemnification of Purchasers.   Subject to the provisions of 
this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and 
its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and 
agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a 
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any 
other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning 
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), 
and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or 
employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a 
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any 
other title) of such controlling persons (each, a “Purchaser Party”) 
harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, 
contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, 
amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as 
a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, 
warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement 
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against 
a Purchaser in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, 
by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such 
Purchaser, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of such 
Purchaser’s representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction 
Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser may have with 
any such stockholder or any violations by the Purchaser of state or federal 
securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser which constitutes fraud, 
gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance).  If any action shall 
be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be 
sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly 
notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to 
assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably 
acceptable to the Purchaser Party.  Any Purchaser Party shall have the 
right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the 
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the 
expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the 
employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in 
writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to 
assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, 
in the reasonable opinion of such separate counsel, a material conflict on 
any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of 
such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for 
the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. 
 The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement 
(y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Company’s 
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; 
or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or 
liability is attributable to any Purchaser Party’s breach of any of the 
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser 
Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents.
 

 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.9       Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company 
has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available 
at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of 
Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares 
pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of 
the Warrants.
 
4.10     Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best 
efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on a 
Trading Market, and as soon as reasonably practicable following the Closing 
(but not later than the earlier of the Effective Date and the first 
anniversary of the Closing Date) to list or quote all of the Shares and 
Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the 
Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading 
Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and 
Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause 
all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed on such other Trading 
Market as promptly as possible.  The Company will then take all action 
reasonably necessary to continue the listing or quotation and trading of 
its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with 
the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or 
rules of the Trading Market.
 
4.11     Equal Treatment of Purchasers.  No consideration (including any 
modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any 
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of 
any of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also 
offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents.  For 
clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted 
to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each 
Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a 
class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in 
concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting 
of Securities or otherwise.
 
4.12     Participation in Future Financing.
 
    (a)        From the date hereof until the date that is the 12 month
    anniversary of the Effective Date, upon any issuance by the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents for
    cash consideration, Indebtedness (or a combination of units hereof) (a
    “Subsequent Financing”), each Purchaser shall have the right to
    participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to
    100% of the Subsequent Financing (the “Participation Maximum”) on the
    same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent
    Financing; provided, that the Participation Maximum shall be reduced to
    the extent required, if any, by the principal Trading Market in order
    for the Company to comply with the listing agreement for such Trading
    Market. 
 
    (b)       At least five (5) Trading Days prior to the closing of the
    Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a
    written notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (“
    Pre-Notice”), which Pre-Notice shall ask such Purchaser if it wants to
    review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a “
    Subsequent Financing Notice”). 
 

 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
     Upon the request of a Purchaser, and only upon a request by such
    Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice, the Company shall
    promptly, but no later than 1 Trading Day after such request, deliver a
    Subsequent Financing Notice to such Purchaser.  The Subsequent
    Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms
    of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be
    raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such
    Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a
    term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.   
 
    (c)        Any Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent
    Financing must provide written notice to the Company by not later than
    5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after all
    of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice that the Purchaser is
    willing to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of the
    Purchaser’s participation, and that the Purchaser has such funds ready,
    willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the
    Subsequent Financing Notice.  If the Company receives no notice from a
    Purchaser as of such fifth (5th) Trading Day, such Purchaser shall be
    deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to
    participate. 
 
    (d)        If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th)
    Trading Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice,
    notifications by the Purchasers of their willingness to participate in
    the Subsequent Financing (or to cause their designees to participate)
    is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent
    Financing, then the Company may effect the remaining portion of such
    Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the
    Subsequent Financing Notice. 
 
    (e)        If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th)
    Trading Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice,
    the Company receives responses to a Subsequent Financing Notice from
    Purchasers seeking to purchase more than the aggregate amount of the
    Participation Maximum, each such Purchaser shall have the right to
    purchase its Pro Rata Portion (as defined below) of the Participation
    Maximum.  “Pro Rata Portion” means the ratio of (x) the Subscription
    Amount of Securities purchased on the Closing Date by a Purchaser
    participating under this Section 4.12 and (y) the sum of the aggregate
    Subscription Amounts of Securities purchased on the Closing Date by all
    Purchasers participating under this Section 4.12 [plus the aggregate
    subscription amounts of investors party to securities purchase
    agreement(s) contemplated by clause [(d) in the definition of Exempt
    Issuance that are participating in such Subsequent Financing pursuant
    to participation rights granted to such investors under such agreements
    that are substantially similar to this Section 4.12.
 
     (f)        The Company must provide the Purchasers with a second
    Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchasers will again have the
    right of participation set forth above in this Section 4.12, if the
    Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice
    is not consummated for any reason on the terms set forth in such
    Subsequent Financing Notice within 30 Trading Days after the date of
    the initial Subsequent Financing Notice.
 

 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (g)        Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not
    apply in respect of (i) an Exempt Issuance, or (ii) an underwritten
    public offering of Common Stock.
 
4.13     Subsequent Equity Sales.
 
    (a)        From the date hereof until 30 days after the Effective Date,
    neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue shares of Common
    Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.
 
    (b)        From the date hereof until the earlier of (i) such time as
    no Purchaser holds any of the Securities and (ii) three years following
    the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or
    entering into an agreement to effect any Subsequent Financing involving
    a Variable Rate Transaction.  “Variable Rate Transaction” means a
    transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity
    securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for,
    or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock
    either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or
    other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices
    of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the
    initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a
    conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset
    at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity
    security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events
    directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the
    market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement,
    including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the
    Company may sell securities at a future determined price.  Any
    Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the
    Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in
    addition to any right to collect damages.
 
    (c)        Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.13 shall not
    apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate
    Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance.
 
4.14     Short Sales and Confidentiality After The Date Hereof. Each 
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants 
that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any 
understanding with it, will execute any Short Sales during the period 
commencing with the Discussion Time and ending at such time the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced as 
described in Section 4.4.  Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with 
the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company as 
described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality 
of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included 
in the Transaction Documents and the Disclosure Schedules.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant 
hereby that it will not engage in Short Sales in the securities of the 
Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
are first publicly announced as described in Section 4.4. 
 

 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a 
multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage 
separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers 
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio 
managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant 
set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets 
managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to 
purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
 
4.15      Form D; Blue Sky Filings.  The Company agrees to timely file a 
Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to 
provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company 
shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is 
necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities 
for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or 
“Blue Sky” laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide 
evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.
 
4.16     Capital Changes.  Until the one year anniversary of the Effective 
Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or 
reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of 
the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Shares.
 
4.17     Delivery of Securities After Closing.  The Company shall deliver, 
or cause to be delivered, the respective Securities purchased by each 
Purchaser to such Purchaser within 3 Trading Days of the Closing Date.
 
4.18      Registration.  Each Purchaser hereunder shall be deemed to be a 
Holder of Registrable Securities under that certain Registration Rights 
Agreement dated August 7, 2008 and all Warrant Shares issuable upon 
exercise of any Warrants shall be included in the definition of Registrable 
Securities thereunder, as if the Purchasers had executed such Registration 
Rights Agreement.
 
ARTICLE V.
MISCELLANEOUS
 
5.1       Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, 
as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect 
whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, 
by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been 
consummated on or before August 12, 2008; provided, however, that such 
termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by 
the other party (or parties).
 
5.2        Fees and Expenses.  Except as expressly set forth in the 
Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and 
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, 
and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, 
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.  The 
Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and 
duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the 
Purchasers.
 

 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.3       Entire Agreement.  The Transaction Documents, together with the 
exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior 
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such 
matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such 
documents, exhibits and schedules.
 
5.4       Notices.  Any and all notices or other communications or 
deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the 
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via 
facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached 
hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the 
next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or 
communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth 
on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day 
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the 
second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. 
nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt 
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.  The address for 
such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature 
pages attached hereto.
 
5.5       Amendments; Waivers.  No provision of this Agreement may be 
waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument 
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers 
holding at least 67% in interest of the Shares then outstanding or, in the 
case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived 
provision is sought.  No waiver of any default with respect to any 
provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be 
a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or 
a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall 
any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any 
manner impair the exercise of any such right.
 
5.6        Headings.  The headings herein are for convenience only, do not 
constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or 
affect any of the provisions hereof.
 
5.7       Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted 
assigns.  The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser 
(other than by merger).  Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights 
under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or 
transfers any Securities, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be 
bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents that apply to the “Purchasers.”
 
5.8       No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement is intended for the 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be 
enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 
4.8.
 

 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.9       Governing Law.  All questions concerning the construction, 
validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall 
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal 
laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of 
conflicts of law thereof.  Each party agrees that all legal proceedings 
concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether 
brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, 
officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively 
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party 
hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and 
federal courts sitting in the City of New York, borough of Manhattan for 
the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with 
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with 
respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby 
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or 
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction 
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is 
an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.  Each party hereby irrevocably 
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in 
any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via 
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of 
delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under 
this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and 
sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  Nothing contained herein 
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law.  If either party shall commence an action or 
proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then the 
prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the 
other party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses 
incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action 
or proceeding.
 
5.10     Survival.  The representations and warranties contained herein 
shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for the 
applicable statute of limitations.
 
5.11     Execution.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and 
the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been 
signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood 
that both parties need not sign the same counterpart.  In the event that 
any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery 
of a “.pdf” format data file, such signature shall create a valid and 
binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such 
signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile 
or “.pdf” signature page were an original thereof.
 
5.12     Severability.  If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of 
this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, 
illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the 
parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and 
employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same 
result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or 
restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of 
the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be 
hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.
 

 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.13     Rescission and Withdrawal Right.  Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any 
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a 
right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the 
Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods 
therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole 
discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any 
relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice 
to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a 
rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the Purchaser shall be required to 
return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise 
notice.
 
5.14     Replacement of Securities.  If any certificate or instrument 
evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the 
Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for 
and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of 
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon 
receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, 
theft or destruction.  The applicant for a new certificate or instrument 
under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs 
(including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such 
replacement Securities.
 
5.15     Remedies.  In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights 
provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of 
the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance 
under the Transaction Documents.  The parties agree that monetary damages 
may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any 
breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby 
agrees to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of 
any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.
 
5.16     Payment Set Aside.  To the extent that the Company makes a payment 
or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a 
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or 
payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part 
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or 
preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be 
refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver 
or any other person under any law (including, without limitation, any 
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of 
action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part 
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued 
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such 
enforcement or setoff had not occurred.
 
5.17     Independent Nature of Purchasers’ Obligations and Rights.  The 
obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several 
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser 
shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of 
the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document.  
Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no 
action taken by any Purchaser pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to 
constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture 
or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers 
are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such 
obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
 

 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its 
rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this 
Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be 
necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in 
any proceeding for such purpose.  Each Purchaser has been represented by 
its own separate legal counsel in their review and negotiation of the 
Transaction Documents.  For reasons of administrative convenience only, 
Purchasers and their respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the 
Company through FWS.  FWS does not represent all of the Purchasers but only 
Rodman & Renshaw, LLC.  The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers 
with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the 
Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by the 
Purchasers.
 
5.18     Liquidated Damages.  The Company’s obligations to pay any partial 
liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents 
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all 
unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid 
notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which 
such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall 
have been canceled.
 
5.19     Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.  If the last or appointed day 
for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or 
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken 
or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.
 
5.20     Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their 
respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the 
Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to 
the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting 
party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction 
Documents or any amendments hereto. In addition, each and every reference 
to share prices in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment 
for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations 
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the 
date of this Agreement.
 
5.21     WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY 
JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH 
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES 
FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.
 

 
(Signature Pages Follow)
 

 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 

ADVANCED BATTERY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
 
 
Address for Notice:
21 West 39th Street, Suite 2(a)
New York, New York 10018
By:/s/ Zhiguo Fu
     Name: Zhiguo Fu
     Title: CEO and Chairman of the Board
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
Fax:
 
Robert Brantl, Esq.
52 Mulligan Lane
Irvington, NY 10533
Fax:  914-693-1807
 
 



[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO ABAT SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser: Iroquois Master Fund Ltd.
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Joshua Silverman
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: Joshua Silverman
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: Authorized Signatory
 
Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
______________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
_____________________________________________
 
Address for Notice of Purchaser:




Address for Delivery of Securities for Purchaser (if not same as address 
for notice):





Subscription Amount: $2,000,000

Shares:

Warrant Shares:

EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]


[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
 
This is not a purchase commitment.  This is the Subscription Amount for the 
first deal.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO ABAT SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser: Enable Growth Partners LP
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Brendan O’Neil
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: Brendan O’Neil
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: President and Chief Investment Officer
 
Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
______________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
_____________________________________________
 
Address for Notice of Purchaser:




Address for Delivery of Securities for Purchaser (if not same as address 
for notice):





Subscription Amount: $

Shares:

Warrant Shares:

EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]


[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]


 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO ABAT SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser: Cranshire Capital, LP
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Keith Goodman
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: Keith Goodman
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: COO – Downsview Capital, Inc. -  the General 
Partner
 
Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
______________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
_____________________________________________
 
Address for Notice of Purchaser:




Address for Delivery of Securities for Purchaser (if not same as address 
for notice):





Subscription Amount: Series B Warrants to Purchase up to $1,999,999 of 
Common Stock @$4.25/Share

Shares:

Warrant Shares:

EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]


[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]


 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO ABAT SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser: Midsummer Investment, Ltd
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Michael Amsalem
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: Michael Amsalem
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: President, Midsummer Capital, LLC, acting as 
Investment advisor to Midsummer Investment, Ltd.

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
______________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
_____________________________________________
 
Address for Notice of Purchaser:




Address for Delivery of Securities for Purchaser (if not same as address 
for notice):





Subscription Amount: $2,000,000

Shares: 470,588

Warrant Shares: 211,765

EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]


[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]


 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO ABAT SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser: Crestview Capital Master, LLC
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Stewart R. Flink
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: Stewart R. Flink
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: Manager
 
Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
______________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
_____________________________________________
 
Address for Notice of Purchaser:




Address for Delivery of Securities for Purchaser (if not same as address 
for notice):





Subscription Amount: $

Shares:

Warrant Shares:

EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]


[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]


 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO ABAT SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser:
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Yoav Roth
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: Yoav Roth
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: Principal and Portfolio Manager
 
Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
______________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
_____________________________________________
 
Address for Notice of Purchaser:




Address for Delivery of Securities for Purchaser (if not same as address 
for notice):





Subscription Amount: $

Shares:

Warrant Shares:

EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]


[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]


------------------------------------------------------------------------