 EX-10 4 ex101.htm LEEVILLE/EAST ORE MINE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.1 Big Jim Agreement dated May 10, 1979

                                        AGREEMENT
                 THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the  10th 
                 day of May, 1979 by and between the following parties:
                 BULLION MONARCH COMPANY, a Utah corporation (BULLION);
                 POLAR RESOURCES CO., a Nevada corporation (POLAR);
                 UNIVERSAL GAS (MONTANA), INC., a Montana corporation, and
                 UNIVERSAL EXPLORATIONS, LTD., a Canadian corporation
                 (UNIVERSAL);
                 CAMSELL RIVER INVESTMENTS, LTD., a Canadian corporation
                 (CAMSELL);
                 LAMBERT MANAGEMENT LTD., a Canadian corporation (LAMBERT)
                 and
                                  ELTEL HOLDINGS LTD., a Canadian
                                  corporation (ELTEL);

                                  W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS the parties hereto would all profit from the mining of and 
production of certain mining properties located in the Lynn Mining 
District, Eureka County, Nevada, more fully described in Exhibit A-l 
attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, hereinafter 
collectively referred to as the "Subject Property;" and

WHEREAS the parties have interest in exploring a wider range of mineral 
properties in which the Subject Property is embedded, hereinafter referred 
to as the "Area of Interest," more fully described in Exhibit A-2 attached 
hereto and incorporated herein by reference; and

WHEREAS the parties hereto are desirous of developing the Subject 
Property's mineral potential by building adequate milling facilities and 
developing a mine ("the Project"); and

WHEREAS BULLION purports to own a royalty interest in and to the Subject 
Property as is more fully set forth in Exhibit A-1;

WHEREAS POLAR purports to own a 100% interest in and to part of the Subject 
Property as is more fully set forth in Exhibit subject to possible 
outstanding interests and royalties, purports to own a 100% interest in and 
to other portions of the Subject Property as is more fully set forth in 
Exhibit A-1, and has under a lease and Option a 77½% interest to other 
portions of the Subject Property; and

WHEREAS CAMSELL, LAMBERT and ELTEL are interrelated organizations acting in 
concert as to the Subject Property, collectively being referred to 
hereinafter as "CAMSELL" unless specifically referred to otherwise, and 
have invested monies in the development of the Subject Property to date, 
their interest and relationship to the Project being governed by that 
certain Letter Agreement with Polar dated March 14, 1979, as amended by the 
letters of March 16,1979, April 6, 1979 and April 10, 1979, attached 
thereto, all attached hereto as Exhibit B; and

WHEREAS UNIVERSAL GAS (MONTANA), INC. is presently financing further 
development of the mining and production potential of the Subject Property, 
primarily for the production of precious metals basically under the terms 
of that certain Agreement with POLAR dated March 14, 1979 attached hereto 
as Exhibit C; and

 WHEREAS UNIVERSAL EXPLORATIONS, LTD. is prepared and able to guarantee the
 financial obligations of UNIVERSAL GAS (MONTANA) INC. contained herein,
 both corporations wil1 be collectively re­ferred to as UNIVERSAL herein
 with the understanding amongst the
  parties hereto that UNIVERSAL GAS (MONTANA), INC. will be the active
 participant referred to as UNIVERSAL while any reference to UNIVERSAL
 EXPLORATIONS, LTD. under the collective term UNIVERSAL speaks only to its
 financial backing of the UNIVERSAL obligations recited herein;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the conditions, covenants, promises, 
obligations, payments and agreements herein contained, the parties agree as 
follows:








------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  1.          SOLE AGREEMENT: That as 
between the parties hereto this Agreement shall be the sole and only 
agreement governing the ownership, operations and payment from the Subject 
Property, canceling, revoking, rescinding and terminating any and all other 
deeds, conveyances, contracts or agreements between the parties hereto, or 
any combination thereof, affecting the Subject Property, except any 
agreement that may exist between CAMSELL, LAMBERT and ELTEL as to 
investment in Subject Property development and divisions of proceeds 
received there from, and except any agreement, contract or deed 
specifically preserved by the terms hereof. Should the terms of any 
agreement, letter agreement or other document or understanding preserved by 
specific reference herein be in conflict with this Agreement the terms of 
this Agreement shall control.

2.          OWNERSHIP OF SUBJECT PROPERTY: That as between the parties 
hereto it is understood and agreed that the ownership of the Subject 
Property as presently constituted is as set forth in Exhibit A-1 attached 
hereto, subject only to the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
specifically referred to herein. In addition, it is understood, agreed and 
warranted amongst the parties hereto that except
 for agreements, deeds and other documents specifically mentioned herein 
that none of the parties hereto, individually, in combination or 
collectively, have conveyed or encumbered the Subject Property.

 A.
 Simultaneously herewith, BULLION shall execute and deliver a Grant Deed to
 UNIVERSAL conveying all of its right, title and interest in the Subject
 Property to UNIVERSAL. Such interest of BULLION conveyed to UNIVERSAL
 shall be subject to the payment provisions of Paragraph 4, infra.  

 B.
  Simultaneously herewith, POLAR shall execute and de-liver a Grant Deed to
 UNIVERSAL conveying all of its right, title and interest in the Subject
 Property to UNIVERSAL, subject to the terms and conditions of the `arch
 14, 1979 POLAR - UNIVERSAL, Agreement.

 C.
 Simultaneously herewith, CAMSEEL shall execute and deliver a Quitclaim
 Deed to UNIVERSAL conveying and quitclaiming all of its right, title and
 interest in the Subject Property to UNIVERSAL.

 D.
 At all times pertinent hereto, UNIVERSAL shall have the right to pledge or
 otherwise hypothecate the titles to any persons, or the whole of, the
 Subject Property for the purpose of obtaining financing for development of
 the Subject Property, except that no more than a total of FIFTY PERCENT
 (50%) of the then current market value of such property shall be so
 hypothecated or encumbered. At the time, under the March 14, 1979
 Agreement, Exhibit C, UNIVERSAL reaches the "earning point", its
 conveyance to POLAR of 50% interest shall be unencumbered.

 3.            UNIVERSAL AS OPERATOR: That on March 14, 1979 POLAR and
 UNIVERSAL entered into an Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as
 Exhibit C and incorporated herein by reference, whereby UNIVERSAL, under
 the terms and conditions thereof, was to become the sole and only operator
 of the mineral production from the Subject Property as of March 1, 1979,
 and that all of the parties hereto agree to the terms of said Agreement
 allowing UNIVERSAL the sole and only control over further development and
 production from the Subject Property pursuant to the March 14, 1979
 Agreement and ratify the same as if they had been signatory thereto.
 
                                   4.            PAYMENTS TO BULLION:

 A. Commencing May 1, 1979, UNIVERSAL shall pay to BULLION an advance
 minimum royalty of $2,500.00 each and every month through October 1979 or
 until gross production sales from the Subject Property have reached the
 amount of $62,500.00 per month, whichever comes first.

B. Commencing on November 1, 1979, UNIVERSAL  shall pay to BULLION an 
advance minimum royalty of $5,000.00 each and every month until gross 
production sales from the Subject Property has reached The amount of 
$125,000.00 per month, or until Bullion has received  an aggregate of 
$25O,000.00 under these subparagraphs,  A and B

C. BULLION shall receive a FOUR PERCENT (4%) gross smelter return from 
production from the Subject Property (based on 100% operating' interest in 
UNIVERSAL, otherwise prorated) until BULLION has received an aggregate of 
$500,000.00 under these subparagraphs, A, B and C.








------------------------------------------------------------------------

D. Thereafter BULLION shall receive a TWO PERCENT (2%) gross smelter return 
royalty from production from the Subject Pro­perty (based on 100% operating 
interest in UNIVERSAL, otherwise prorated) until BULLION has received an 
aggregate of $1,000,000.00 under these subparagraphs, A, B, C and D.

 E. Thereafter BULLION shall receive a ONE PERCENT (1%) gross smelter
 return royalty from production from the Subject Pro­perty (based on 100%
 operating interest in UNIVERSAL, otherwise prorated).
 
 
Gross smelter return," as used above, shall mean the amount of earned 
revenues, as used in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, payable to UNIVERSAL by any smelter or other purchaser of 
metals, ores, minerals or mineral substances, or concentrates produced 
therefrom for products mined from the Subject Property.
 
Upon SIXTY (60) days' written notice by BULLION to UNIVERSAL, BULLION may 
elect to take any monthly production royalty in kind but will be totally 
responsible for all loading and transportation and the costs thereof. 
BULLION agrees not to materially interfere with UNIVERSAL'S operations 
should it elect to receive pay­ment in kind, and will hold all the 
remaining parties hereto harmless from its actions in loading and 
transporting the in kind payments.

All advance royalty payments shall be due on the first day of each month 
and production royalties shall be due no later than FORTY-FIVE (45) days 
after the date payment for production sales is received by UNIVERSAL.
 
                                  5.           OBLIGATIONS OF BULLION AND 
POLAR: BULLION and POLAR shall assume and retain all obligations that they 
have independently incurred by virtue of their activities on and for the 
Subject Property prior to the date of this Agreement and, in particular, 
BULLION, shall assume and retain the obligation of that certain Deed of 
Trust made in favor of Ira J. Jaffee, Trustee, as Beneficiary, recorded in 
the Official Records of Eureka County, Nevada, 'Book 41, Page 362. At all 
times pertinent hereto, UNIVERSAL shall have the unqualified right to 
direct any and all funds due BULLION or POLAR hereunder to remove any 
obligations of BULLION or POLAR, respectively, secured by the Subject 
Property, or any portion thereof, and such will be credited toward the 
payment schedule due BULLION or POLAR. See Paragraph 4, supra.
 
                                  6.            PURCHASE OF BULLION'S 
INTEREST: That at the time BULLION has received an aggregate of 
$1,000,000.00 under the terms and conditions of Paragraph 4, supra, 
BULLION will have been deemed to have sold and UNIVERSAL and POLAR deemed 
to have purchased all of Bullion's rich, title and interest in the Subject 
Property (50% each, subject to the terms and conditions of the Marc: 14, 
1979 Agreement, Exhibit C) and forever relieving UNIVERSAL and POLAR from 
any contractual commitment to BULLION by virtue of UNIVERSAL or POLAR's 
actions or operations on the Subject Property, save and except for the ONE 
PERCENT (l% gross smelter return royalty from production from the Subject 
Property (based on 100% operating interest in UNIVERSAL, otherwise 
prorated) set forth in Paragraph 4 (E) , supra. At...that time, UNIVERSAL 
and POLAR will execute and deliver to BULLION a Royalty deed forever 
evidencing such royalty interest,' ONE-HALF PERCENT (1/2%) being chargeable 
each against UNIVERSAL and POLAR.
 
                                  7.            DEFAULT OF OBLIGATIONS TO 
BULLION: If, at any time, UNIVERSAL is in default of its payment 
obligations to BULLION, BULLION, upon FORTY-FIVE (45) days' written notice 
to all of the parties hereto, may terminate this Agreement and demand that 
UNIVERSAL execute and deliver to BULLION a Quitclaim Deed of all of its 
right, title and interest to that portion of the then Subject Property that 
is specifically listed in Exhibit A attached hereto, but not the additional 
properties added to the Subject Property list subsequent to the date of 
this Agreement. During the notice period, UNIVERSAL, or any other party 
hereto not BULLION, or anyone on their behalf, may pay such obligation to 
BULLION and cure such default.
 
                                  8.             PRODUCTION EXPENSE OVERRUN
: Pursuant to the terms of the Letter Agreement between POLAR and CAMSELL 
dated March 14, Exhibit B, POLAR and CAMSELL agree to share in cost 
overruns incurred by UNIVERSAL in bringing the Project into production 
should UNIVERSAL's initial development costs prior to production exceed ONE 
MILLION TWO HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND AND 00/100 ($1,250,000.00), or should 
UNIVERSAL's initial development costs and production costs exceed 
$1,250,000.00 at any time after production commences but production 
expenses exceed production payments or revenues.

The parties agree to share in cost overruns in excess of $1,250,000.00 
commitment of UNIVERSAL in the following percentage
               UNIVERSAL                   50%
               POLAR-CAMSELL        50%







------------------------------------------------------------------------


Except as herein outlined, the terms, conditions and penalties for cost 
overruns and the non-participation in such overruns are governed by Clause 
10(D), Schedule B, POLAR - UNIVERSAL Agreement of March 14, 1979.

9.
DIVISION OF PROCEEDS: The proceeds of production shall be governed by the 
terms of this Agreement only (except for the CAMSELL, LAMBERT and ELTEL 
arrangements). As operator under the March 14, 1979 Agreement (see 
Paragraph 3, supra), UNIVERSAL shall have the right to pay all normal 
operating and production expenses, including insurance and taxes (excepting 
income taxes accruing to the individual parties hereto, but specifically 
including net proceed of mine taxes, real and personal property taxes 
associated with mining and income taxes accruing to the venture), pursuant 
to normal and usual accounting practices and the terms of the March 14, 
1979 Agreement from production payments received. In addition, UNIVERSAL 
shall be able to treat as production expenses and deduct from production 
payments received all rentals, advance royalties and production royalties 
paid to BULLION, the Poulsen Group and any others. The amounts received 
from products produced from the Subject (production payments) less the 
production expenses, as defined herein and in the March 14, 1979 Agreement 
between POLAR and UNIVERSAL, shall be the net production receipts.

As between the parties hereto, the net production receipts shall be divided 
as follows:

                     A.    BULLION: none, being only entitled to the
            payments set forth above in Paragraph 4;
                      B.    UNIVERSAL: FIFTY PERCENT (50%); and
                      C.   POLAR, CAMSELL: FIFTY PERCENT (50%), pursuant to
            that Letter Agreement between POLAR and              CAMSELL
            dated March 14, 1979, Exhibit B.

 
Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting POLAR CAMSELL from taking 
their interest in kind provided that they give UNIVERSAL SIXTY (60). days' 
written notice of such election. POLAR CAMSELL will be totally responsible 
for all loading and transportation and the costs thereof. POLAR-CAMSELL 
will not materially interfere with UNIVERSAL's operations should it elect 
to receive payment in kind and will hold all the remaining parties hereto 
harmless from its actions in loading and transporting the in kind payments. 
It is understood and agreed that all such in kind payments are net, after 
deduction of the proportionate amount of mini and operation costs.
 
                                      10.               TERMINATION BY 
UNIVERSAL: UNIVERSAL's participation in the Project is governed by the 
terms and conditions of the POLAR - UNIVERSAL Agreement of March 14, 1979, 
Exhibit C, except as specifically modified herein. Upon fulfilling its 
obligations thereunder, UNIVERSAL has the right to terminate its position 
as Project Operator and to terminate its further participation in Project 
development and expenses thereof. Such termination is governed by the terms 
and conditions of the March 14, 1979 UNIVERSAL - POLAR Agreement and, in 
particular, Schedule B attached thereto.
 
                                       11.             ADDITIONAL PROPERTY 
ACQUISITIONS: UNIVERSAL,, as operator, shall have the exclusive right to 
acquire additional mineral properties within the Area of Interest on behalf 
of the parties hereto, be such acquisition by virtue of the rights and 
privileges under the 1872 Mining Law, or the leasing or purchase of private 
lands and minerals, or unpatented mining claims. All parties hereto agree 
to immediately quitclaim and assign to UNIVERSAL any and all other real 
property or interest in such that they may have within the Area of 
Interest, Exhibit A-2, as of the date of this Agreement, subjecting the 
same to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, excepting any interest 
of BULLION in and to those properties presently being worked by Western 
States Minerals (Pancana).

Upon acquiring such properties within the Area of Interest, UNIVERSAL shall 
offer to include such into the Subject Property upon payment by 
POLAR-CAMSELL of FIFTY PERCENT (50%) of all acquisition costs incurred in 
acquiring such properties. Acquisition costs shall include, but are not 
limited to, purchase price, rental fees, real estate finder's commissions, 
legal fees, closing costs, title examinations, appraisal fees and costs 
incurred by UNIVERSAL in otherwise evaluating the property to be acquired.

Should POLAR-CAMSELL reject such offer or fail to pay or reach agreement 
for paying such acquisition on cost within FORTY-FIVE (45) days of such 
offer by UNIVERSAL, then such properties within the Area of Interest shall 
not become part of the Subject Property as they apply POLAR-CAMSELL and 
will remain the sole property of UNIVERSAL without any obligations







------------------------------------------------------------------------

POLAR-CAMSELL , but subject to the royalty interest of BULLION.

However, should POLAR accept such offer and pay or reach an agreement with 
UNIVERSAL for paying such acquisitions costs, the newly acquired properties 
shall become part of the Subject Property and will be treated thereafter 
under the terms of this Agreement pertaining to the Subject Property.
 
                               12.                    POULSEN LEASE AND 
OPTION: The parties hereto recognize the Lease and Option of POLAR with the 
Poulsens, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit D. UNIVERSAL shall 
make all payments due thereunder and shall credit such as a development or 
production expense.

 While under Lease, the Paulsen properties shall be, and are, part of the
 Subject Property, however, at any time, UNIVERSAL may elect to exercise
 the purchase option. Upon doing so, UNIVERSAL shall offer such to
 POLAR-CAMSELL under the terms of Paragraph 12, supra. Failure of
 POLAR-CAMSELL to participate in the acquisition (purchase   shall remove
 such properties from Subject Property status as the same applies to
 POLAR-CAMSELL.
 
                              13.                     TERM: The term of 
this Agreement, as it affects the continuing contractual relationships 
between the parties hereto is for a period of NINETY-NINE (99) years 
commencing on the date hereof, unless sooner terminated, surrendered or 
forfeited
 
                               14.                     TITLE PERFECTION: 
The parties hereto recognize that title to the Subject property, or 
portions thereof, may contain certain imperfections, clouds thereon or 
outstanding interests that may require acquisition, clearing or otherwise 
perfecting.  UNIVERSAL shall, in its discretion, seek out such 
imperfections and cure the same. All expenses incurred by UNIVERSAL in 
investigating title to the Subject Property from March 1, 1979, and curing 
imperfections or acquiring outstanding interests in the same shall be 
treated as a development or production expense by UNIVERSAL pursuant to the 
March 14, 1979 POLAR - UNIVERSAL Agreement.
 
                               15.                     INSPECTION, RECORDS: 
At all times pertinent hereto, the non-operating parties shall have the 
right to reasonable inspection of the Subject Property and all geological 
and production records upon giving FIVE (5) days' written notice to 
UNIVERSAL. Such inspection shall be at the Subject Property or at any 
offices of UNIVERSAL in the Elko-Carlin, Nevada area. Personal inquiry by 
the parties hereto directly to UNIVERSAL shall be made only to the 
following UNIVERSAL officers and employees, and no others:

                                Joseph A. Mercier Dan Mercier Don Hargrove
or their nominees.

           Monthly, or the monthly anniversary of this Agreement, UNIVERSAL 
shall prepare and deliver to the parties hereto a summary report of 
development on the Subject property, including building construction, 
geological finds, etc., and setting forth production and development 
expenditures.

 16.
 NOTICES
 All notices - fired herein shall be writing by certified or registered
 mail, (United States or Canada, as the case may be), return receipt
 requested for the Canadian equivalent of such service;, to the addresses
 listed below. Service of such notice is to be deemed accomplished as of
 the date of mailing:

                   BULLION MONARCH COMPANY
                   Attention: R. D. Morris
                   Henderson Bank Building
                   Elko, NV
                   89801

                   UNIVERSAL GAS (MONTANA), INC.
                   Attention: Joe Mercier, President
                   640 8th Avenue, S. W.
                   Calgary, Alberta CANADA T2P 1G7







------------------------------------------------------------------------


                   With a copy to: UNIVERSAL GAS (MONTANA), INC.
                   Attention: John C. Miller, Esq.
                   Blohm Building, Suite 201
                   Elko, NV 89801

                    POLAR RESOURCES CO. Attention: C. Warren Hunt
                    1119 Sydenham Road, S. W.
                    Calgary, Alberta CANADA T2T OT5

                    CAMSELL RIVER INVESTMENTS
                    Attention: K. H. Lambert 808 Home Oil Tower
                    324 8th Avenue, S. W.
                    Calgary, Alberta CANADA T2P 2Z2

                   LAMBERT MANAGEMENT LTD.
                   Attention: K. H. Lambert
                   808 Home Oil Tower 324 8th Avenue, S. W.
                   Calgary, Alberta CANADA T2P 2Z2

                   ELTEL HOLDINGS LTD. Attention: K. H. Lambert
                   808 Home Oil Tower 324 8th Avenue, S. W.
                   Calgary, Alberta CANADA T2P 2Z2

17.
RECORDATION: This Agreement may be recorded into the Official Records 
either Eureka County or Elko County, Nevada or both, by any one of the 
parties hereto.

18.
BINDING EFFECT: The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to 
the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors and assigns of the 
parties hereto.

19.              ASSIGNABILITY: The respective positions and interests of 
the parties hereto shall be freely assignable except that such assignment 
shall not be binding on or affect the remaining parties hereto in any 
manner, unless and until such assignment is noted in writing to UNIVERSAL, 
or any successor Operator.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto set their hands as of the day and 
year first above written.

                                            BULLION MONARCH COMPANY, a Utah
                                            corporation
                                            BY:/s/
                                            TITLE:

                                            POLAR RESOURCES CO., a Nevada
                                            corporation
                                            BY: /s/

                                            UNIVERSAL GAS (MONT .CIA) ,
                                            INC. a Montana corporation
                                            BY:/s/
                                            TITLE:

                                            CAMSELL RIVER INVESTMENTS, a
                                            Canadian corporation
                                            By:/s/K H Lambert
                                            TITLE: President

                                            LAMBERT MANAGEMENT LTD., a
                                            Canadian corporation
                                             By:/s/K H Lambert
                                            Title: President







------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                            ELTEL HOLDINGS LTD., A Canadian
                                            corporation
                                            By:/s/K H Lambert
                                            Title Director & Secretary

                                            UNIVERSAL EXPLORATIONS, LTD. a
                                            Canadian corporation
                                            By:/s/
                                            Title:







------------------------------------------------------------------------


STATE OF NEVADA                      )
                               SS.
COUNTY OF                                     )

On May 10,1979, personally appeared before John C. Miller, a Notary Public,
, a duly qualified and officer of/BULLION MONARCH COMPANY, who acknowledged 
to that he executed the above instrument in that capacity.

                                            NOTARY PUBLIC'
                                            JOHN C. MILLER
                                               )
                                               )ss
COUNTY OF                       )
On May 10, 1979, personally appeared before me, a Notary Public, duly 
qualified and acting officer of POLAR RESOURCES CO., who acknowledged to me 
that he executed the above instrument in that capacity.

  /s/
  NOTARY PUBLIC
                                                                   )
                                                                   )SS
COUNTY OF                                           )


On  May 10
, 1979, personally appeared, before me, a Notary Public, a duly qualified 
and acting officer of UNIVERSAL GAS (MONTANA), INC., who acknowledged to me 
that he executed the above instrument in that capacity

  COUNTY OF

On May 10, 1979, personally appeared before me, a Notary Public, a duly 
qualified and acting officer of CAMSELL RIVER INVESTMENTS, who acknowledged 
to me that me that he executed the above instrument in that capacity.

                                             /s/NOTARY PUBLIC

                          AFFIDAVIT OF EXECUTION

I Susan Lee Nicholl of the City of Calgary, in the Province of Alberta, 
make oath and say that:

1.
I was personally present and did see Mr. C. Warren Hunt named in the within 
or in annexed instrument who is personally known to me to be the person 
named therein, duly signed and executed the same for the purposes named 
therein.

2.
That the same was executed at the City of Calgary, in the Province of 
Alberta and that I am the subscribing witness thereto.

3.
That I know the said Mr. C. Warren Hunt and he is, in my belief, of the 
full age of twenty-one years.

                                    /S/Susan Lee Nicholl







------------------------------------------------------------------------


SWORN BEFORE ME AT THE CITY OF CALGARY, IN THE PROVINCE OF ALBERTA, THIS 1
st DAY OF JUNE, 1979

                                              )
SS.
COUNTY OF                       )

On May , 1979, personal1 appeared before me, a Notary Public, qualified and 
acting officer of LAMBERT MANAGEMENT LTC., acknowledged to me that he 
executed the above instrument in that capacity.




                                                                           
)
                                SS.
 COUNTY OF                                                  )

On May 10, 1979, personally appeared before me, a Notary Public, a duly 
qualified and acting officer of ELTEL HOLDINGS LTD., who acknowledged to me 
that he executed the above instrument in that capacity.

COUNTY OF

On May 10, 1979 personally appeared before me, a Notary Public, a duly 
qualified acting officer of UNIVERSAL EXPLORATIONS, LTD., who acknowledged 
to me that he executed the above instrument in that capcity.







------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT A-2 AREA OF INTEREST


All those lands contained in the Sections and Townships listed below 
approximately encompassing the area EIGHT (8) miles in a northerly 
direction, EIGHT (8) miles in a southerly direction, EIGHT (8) miles in an 
easterly direction and EIGHT (8) miles in a westerly direction from Section 
10, Township 35 North, Range 50. East, M.D.B.&M., Eureka County, Nevada.

        Township 34 North, Range 49 East Sections: 1-5, 8-17 and 20-24

        Township 35 North, Range 49 East Sections: 1-5, 8-17, 20-29 and
        32-36

        Township 36 North, Range 49 East Sections: 1-5, 8-17, 20-29 and
        32-36

        Township 37 North, Range 49 East Sections: 32-36

        Township 34 North, Range 50 East Sections: 1-24

        Township 35 North, Range 50 East

        Township 36 North, Range 50 East Sections: All

        Township 37 North, Range 50 East Sections:
        31-36 Range Sections: 3-10 and 15-22

        Township 35 North, Range 51 East Sections:
        3-10, 15-22 and 27-34

        Township 36 North,Range 51 East
        Sections: 10, 15-22 and 27-34 Township 37 North, Range 51 East
        Sections:
        31-34







------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT A-1 SUBJECT PROPERTY


             The following described unpatented and patented mining claims
             generally located in Sections 1, 2, 10, 11 and 12 of Township
             35 North, Range 50 East, M.D.B.&M., Lynn Mining District,
             Eureka County, Nevada:

                  Unpatented Claims
                  Polar
                  Bullion

             Big Jim
             100%
             Royalty
             Big Jim 1 to 31, inclusive
             Cracker Jack
             Cracker Jack 1 to 5, inclusive
             Yellow Rose 6 to 21, inclusive
             Polar 1 to 20, inclusive
             Hill Top
             Hill Top 1 to 2, inclusive
             Hill Top Fractional
             Hill Top 1 to 4 Fractional
             "
             Unity 1
             Unity 2
             "
             Barg
             Badger 1
             Compromise 4 to 7, inclusive
             Lamira
             "

             Paragon
             "
             Paragon 2 Paragon 4
             Paragon Fractional

                                           Patented Claims (Poulsen Lease
                                           and Option)
                     U.S. Patent #
      U.S. Survey #
 Polar
Bullion
Big Six No. 3
783757
4332
77 1/2%
Royalty
Holt
881735
4422
  "
   "
July
935874
4528
  "
   "
Great Divide
945439
4393
  
   "
Bald Eagle
046758
4527
  "
   "







------------------------------------------------------------------------


LAMBERT MANAGEMENT LTD.

  Telephone: (403) 233.0047  Telephone: (403)454-2

  HOME OIL TOWER                                                           
                                  13716 - 101 AVENUE.
324 - 8 AVENUE S.W.                                                         
                      EDMONTON, ALBERT
CALGARY, ALBERTA                                                            
CANADA T5NCJ7 CANADA T2P 279

                                                    March 14, 1979





     Polar Resources Co.
     1119 Sydenham Road, S. W. Calgary, Alberta
     T2T OT5


     Attention: Mr. Warren Hunt


     Dear Sirs:

                          RE: Gold Claims Lynn Mining District   Eureka
                          County, Nevada

    As you are aware, since early 1976 Camsell River Investments Ltd. has
    entered into several agreements with you relating to the Bullion
    Monarch Company gold claims in Nevada and has also entered into
    agreements relating to the same properties with Bullion Monarch
    Company. As a result of these agreements, Camsell and its silent
    coventurers, Lambert Management Ltd. and Eltel Holdings Ltd. have
    advanced about 505,000,U.S. to you and $300,000. U.S. to Bullion
    Monarch Company and have expended a further $10,000. U.S. or so on
    drilling invoices and other expenses relating to the properties.

    Our mutual files on this matter are extensive and the legal
    determination of the various agreements would undoubtedly take more
    time and effort to resolve than is Prudent, and the circumstances. We
    have always maintained that we do not wish to hamper your efforts to
    put the properties into production so long as an equitable arrangement
    can be cached between us.. Based on the proposed agreement you have
    negotiated with Universal Gas (Montana) Inc. (hereinafter called the
    "Mill Agreement") and our meetings and telephone conversations of March
    10, 11, 12 and 13, we believe we have reached an agreement acceptable
    to you and the parties we represent. This agreement between you and the
    "Camsell Group" would enable Universal to obtain the interest it has
    bargained for in the Mill Agreement and would resolve our diverse
    interests in an amiable fashion.

                The Agreement is as follows:

    1)
    All of the interests of any nature whatsoever of Polar Resources Co.
    and those of other parties represented by Polar Resources Co.
    (hereinafter called the "Polar Group") and all of the interests of any
    nature whatsoever of Camsell River Investments Ltd. and those of the
    parties represented by Camsell River Investments Ltd. (hereinafter
    called the "Camsell Group") in "The Mining Properties" as defined in
    the Mill Agreement shall be pooled and then reallocated 50% to
    Universal Gas (Montana) Inc. pursuant to the Mill Agreement and 50%
    collectively to the Polar Group and the Camsell Group (hereinafter
    called the "Polar-Camsell Group").

    2)
    The Camsell Group will receive 100% of the cash flow from the
    Polar-Camsell Group's 50% interest in the Mining Properties until the
    Camsell Group has received an amount equivalent to its expenditures
    relating to the Mining Properties before interest as established by
    independent audit. This amount is about $815,000 U.S.

    3)
    After the Camsell Group has received the amount indicated in paragraph
    2 above, the Polar







------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Group will receive 100% of the cash flow from the Polar-Camsell Group's
    50% interest in the Mining Properties until the Polar Group has
    received an amount equivalent to its expenditures relating to the
    Mining Properties before interest as established by independent audit.
    This amount is about $450,000. U.S.

    4)
    After the Polar Group has received the amount indicated in paragraph 3
    above, the Polar Group and the Camsell group will split the cash flow
    from the Polar-Camsell Groups 50% interest in the Mining Properties on
    a 50-50 basis until the Camsell Group has received an amount equivalent
    to the amount of interest the Camsell Group would have paid to its
    banker calculated on all Camsell Group advances to Polar Resources Co.
    and Bullion Monarch Company from the dates of advance at the Canadian
    Imperial Bank of Commerce prime rate from time to time plus 2% per
    annum, compounded semi annually.  Any cash received by the Camsell
    Group pursuant to this agreement would be credited to the phantom bank
    account on the date of receipt in order to determine the amount to be
    ultimately received by the Camsell Group pursuant to this paragraph 4.

    5)
    After the Camsell Group has received the amount calculated pursuant to
    paragraph 4 above, the Polar-Camsell Group's interests shall be divided
    and an undivided 30% of the interest shall be transferred to the
    Camsell Group and an undivided 70% shall be transferred to the Polar
    Group.

    6)
    Title to the Polar-Camsell Group's interest in the Mining Properties
    shall be held in trust by Polar Resources Co. pursuant to the terms of
    this Agreement and this Agreement and its successor shall be filed
    against the title to the Mining Properties in the appropriate offices
    in the state of Nevada. Polar shall deliver to the Camsell Group a
    legal opinion from a Nevada attorney stating that the terms and
    conditions of this Agreement are enforceable by the Camsell Group as
    against Polar Resources Co. and that the Camsell Group's interests have
    been adequately registered to protect its interests as against third
    parties.

    7)
    The proceeds Polar Resources Co. receives from Universal Gas (Montana)
    Inc. on the sale of the assets listed in the Mill Agreement shall be
    distributed as follows:

                a)
                The Polar Group shall receive 100% of the proceeds from the
                sale of assets acquired after December 31, 1976.
                b)
                The Camsell Group shall receive 80.4% of the proceeds from
                the sale of assets acquired prior to January 1, 1977 and
                the Polar Group shall receive the balance.
                c)
                Polar Resources Co. shall account to the Camsell Group for
                any assets held on December 31, 1976 which have been
                disposed of by Polar Resources Cc. subsequent to December
                1, 1976 but prior to the execution of the Mill Agreement.
                The Camsell Group shall receive an amount equal to 80.4% of
                such disposition on proceeds from Polar Resources Co. and
                the source funds for such payment shall be the Polar
                Group's share of the proceeds of the sale of assets
                pursuant to the Mill Agreement.

    8)
    The Polar-Camsell Group recognizes a fee of $1,500. per month payable
    to Polar Resources Co. from the cash flow generated by the mill for the
    services of Warren Hunt from the date of commencement of milling
    operations and also recognizes the need to employ a full time
    representative at the mine as soon as gold production commences in
    meaningful amounts.

    9)
    In the event of cost overruns beyond the $1,250,000. U.S. stated in the
    Mill Agreement, the Polar-Camsell Group acknowledges that it  will be
    responsible for 50% of such Overruns. These overruns shall be allocated
    as between the Polar Group and the Camsell Group as follows:

                a)
                For exploration, mine development, and mine operation
                expenses on the Big Jim claims 24and 25 and for mill
                development expenses related to that mine, 50% shall be
                paid by the Polar Group and 50% shall be paid by the
                Camsell Group.

                b)
                For all other expenses 70% shall be paid by the Polar Group
                and 30% shall be paid by the Camsell Group.







------------------------------------------------------------------------


    10)
    This Agreement is subject to the execution of the Mill Agreement and is
    subject to revision of the method contemplated in paragraph 1 to arrive
    at the interests outlined in paragraphs 2 3, 4 and 5 if subsequent
    investigation reveals that the tax consequences of such method are
    adverse. The intent is that the Agreement will be structured so as to
    minimize adverse tax implications in Canada and the United States for
    all parties concerned while at the same time arriving at the same
    distribution of cash flow from the Mining Properties;

    11)
    This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
    Province of Alberta.

    12)
    Each of the parties shall execute any further agree­ments required by
    legal counsel for any party to implement the terms or 'intent of this
    Agreement.

    If you agree with the above terms and conditions se indicate your
    acceptance on the copy of this letter enclosed.

                                                 Yours very truly,
                                                 Lambert Management Ltd.
                                                 /s/K. H. Lambert
                                                 K. H. Lambert
                                                 President

    Accepted the 15th day of March, 1979 Polar Resources Ltd.
    /s/C. Warren Hunt President

    Accepted this 14th day of March, 1979 Eltel Holdings Ltd.
    /s/
    K. H. Lambert Secretary
    Accepted this 14th day of March, 1979
    Camsel River Investments I

    K.H. Lambert President









------------------------------------------------------------------------




                                LAMBERT MANAGEMENT LTD.

Telephone: (403) 233-0047 808 HOME OIL TOWER 324  8 AVENUE S.W. CALGARY, 
ALBERTA CANADA T2P 2Z2





                                                      March 16, 1979





     Polar Resources Co.
     1119 Sydenham Road, S. W. Calgary, Alberta
     T2T OT5
     Attention: Mr. Warren Hunt


     Dear Sirs:

                          RE: Gold Claims Lynn Mining District Eureka
                          County, Nevada

    Further to our letter of March 14, 1979 and the writer's meeting with
    your Messrs. Hunt and Ross Hamilton on March 14, 1979, we wish to
    confirm that the agreement contained in the said letter is amended by
    adding the following:

                   9.1(a)
                   Any funds advanced pursuant to sub paragraph 9(a) shall
                   be repaid pro rata from the Polar-Camsell Group's first
                   cash flow from the mill prior to the commencement of
                   payments to the Camsell Group pursuant to paragraph 2.

                   9.1(b)
                   Any funds advanced pursuant to sub paragraph 9 (b) shall
                   be repaid pro rata from the Polar-Camsell Group's cash
                   flow from the mill after the obligations to the Camsell
                   Group outlined in paragraph 1 have been satisfied.

                   9.2
                   The penalty provisions in the Mill agreement shall apply
                   mutatis mutandis to the Polar Group and the Camsell
                   Group in the event of a default by either Group on an
                   obligation to advance further funds pursuant to
                   paragraph °.

    If you agree with the above additional terms and conditions please
    indicate your. acceptance on the copy of this letter enclosed.

                                                     Yours very truly,

                                                                           
                                                   Lambert Management Ltd.

                                                                           
                                                   /s/K. H. Lambert

                                                                           
                                                   K. H. Lambert







------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         Attachment to:
                         Polar Resources Co. March 16, 1979











 Accepted this
 day of March, 1979 Polar Resources Co.








 /s/C. Warren Hunt President






 Accepted this 16th day of March, 1979 Eltel Holdings Ltd.

 /s/K. H. Lambert
 K. H. Lambert
 Secretary







Accepted this 16th day of March, 1979


 Camsel River Investments Ltd.

 /s/K. H. Lambert
 K. H. Lambert
 President


























------------------------------------------------------------------------

 POLAR RESOURCES CO.




















                                       1070 SILVER STREET
                                       ELKO, NEVADA 89801
                                           (702) 738.8712

                                                       April 6, 1979
              K. H. Lambert
              Lambert  Management Ltd. Se0e,
              324 6th Ave. S.W. Calgary T2P 2Z2

              Dear Sir:

              Your letter of March 16 1979 is acknowledged and a copy
              returned herewith signed as requested.

              In accordance with our telephone conversation this morning,
              in which the writer pointed out that clauses 7b and 7c of the
              letter agreement of March 14, 1979 were unduly broad in that
              they might he construed to include Polar's assets which had
              not been acquired by the joint venture nor in the period of
              the joint venture, April 1 - Nov. 30, 1976, the fo1lowing is
              proposed:

              Clause 7 sub-clause b is amended so that the words " prior to
              Can. 1, 1977" are replaced by "between April 1, 1976 and
              November 30, 1976".

              Clause 7 sub-clause c. The -Meaning of the word "assets" as
              used in this sub-clause is understood to mean properties and
              equipment acquired by the joint venture or charged by Polar
              to the joint venture so as to establish equity of
              contribution of the members of the joint  venture, that is to
              say, Polar resources Co. and Camsel River Investments Ltd".

             I f the foregoing meet with your approval, kindly sign a copy
             hereof and return for our files.


             Yours truly,
              Po1ar Resources Co.







------------------------------------------------------------------------

[[ex101002.gif]]LAMBERT MANAGEMENT LTD.










------------------------------------------------------------------------




Telephone: (403) 45.4-2i 13716. 101 AVENUE. EDMONTON. ALBER T 1 CANADA T5N 
0J7
                                               April 10, 1979





Polar Resources Co.
1119 Sydenham Road S.W. Calgary, Alberta
T2T OT5

ATTENTION: Mr. Warren C. Hunt Dear Sirs:

                        RE: Gold Claims Lynn Mining District Eureka 
                        County, Nevada

Further to your letter of April 6, 1979, we wish to confirm our agreement 
that clauses 7b and 7c of our letter agree­ment of March 14, 1979 have not 
been drafted to contemplate assets to be sold under the Mill Agreement. We 
agree that the language should be changed.

We are prepared to accept your suggested change for sub clause 7b provided 
that the 80.4% figure is changed to reflect the actual percentage of the 
total funds used by Polar between April 1st and November 30, 1976 which was 
injected by the Camsell Group. Your auditor could provide you with that 
percentage.

We accept your clarification of the word "assets" in sub clause 7c and 
would also suggest that the 80.4% figure used in sub clause 7c should be 
changed to the same percentage as will in subclause 7b.

If the foregoing meets with your approval, sign the enclosed copy of this 
letter and return it for our files.

                         Yours very truly,
                         LAMBERT MANAGEMENT LTD.
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                  K.H.
                                               Lambert President


Accepted this __day of April, 1979.

POLAR RESOURCES LTD.

PER:







------------------------------------------------------------------------


MISSING LEASE AND AGREEMENT

This Missing Lease and Agreement (hereinafter called "Agreement"), made and 
entered into this 1st day of October, 2003, between Nevada Rae Gold, Inc., 
a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called "Lessee"), and Corporate Creditors 
Committee LLC, a, Utah limited liability company, c/o Garry McAllister, 
1291 West 12800 South, Riverton, Utah 84605 Suite 102 (hereinafter called 
"Lessor"),


WITNESSETH:

For and in consideration of the sure of Ten Dollars ($10.00) in U.S. 
currency, paid by Lessee to Lessor, the payment obligations hereinafter 
stated, the covenants and agreements hereinafter expressed, and for other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby admitted and acknowledged. Lessor does hereby grant, lease, demist, 
and let exclusively to Lessee the Four Hundred Forty Acres in Section 9, 
Township 29 North, Range 47 East, Mount Diablo Meridian, Bullion Mining 
District; Lander County, Nevada (hereinafter called the "Leased Premises") 
as more completely described at Exhibit "A," attached hereto and made a 
part hereof by reference, together with all gold, silver, platinum, 
palladium, and other precious and base metals, contained within the placers 
or gravels of the leased premises, with the exclusive right to prospect and 
explore for, mine by open pit methods, mill, prepare for market, store, 
sell and dispose of the same, and to use, occupy and disturb so much of the 
surface of the Leaned Premises as Lessee may determine to be useful, 
desirable or convenient for the exercise by Lessee of any and all of its 
rights hereunder. he the event Lessor acquires rights to any additional 
interests in the Leased Premises after the execution of this Agreement, all 
such additional interests shall be subject to this Agreement,

IN CONSIDERATION OF THE PREMISES, the parties hereby covenant and agree as 
.follows;

     l .
     Lessor Representations. Lessor warrants and represents that:

               a.
               Lessor is the legal and equitable owner in the Leased
               Premises;

            b.
            Lessor will correct any defect in the title to the Leased
            Premises, if any exists thereon;

            c.
            Lessor has not conveyed the Leased Premises and that the Leased
            Premises are not subject to any existing lease, subject to the
            terms of this Agreement retaining the rights to all hardrock
            mineralization in or on the property;

            d.
            The undersigned representatives of Lessor have the authority to
            bind the and by their signature hereon, This Agreement is
            binding upon Lessor.

            e.
            2 Preservation of Title. Lessor will do anything lawfully
            within Lessor's power to protect and defend the Leased Premises
            against the claims and demands of all persons claiming the
            whole or any party thereof.

 3.
 Lesser Interest. In the event Lessor owns less than the entire, undivided
 interests in the Leased Premises; all sums paid by Lessee to Lessor
 hereunder shall be prorated to the actual interests.








------------------------------------------------------------------------

 4.
 Title and Geological Examination, Upon the execution of this Agreement,
 Lessor agrees to famish Lessee all abet-acne of title, title opinions,
 status reports, other title papers, geological, geotechnical, geophysical,
 and engineering data as it has in its possession or control. Lessor agrees
 at its cost to attempt to cure any title defects to the satisfaction of
 Lessee. In the case Lessor is entitled to geologic information from prior
 Lessees, and if that information is not in the possession of Lessor, then
 Lessor hereby empowers Lessee as its agent to receive or otherwise obtain
 said information.

 5.
 Lease Term. The term of this Agreement shall begin with the date hereof
 and shall continue to and until the tenth anniversary of such date, but
 subject to earlier termination as herein provided.

 6.
 Advance Rental. Until this Agreement is sooner terminated, Lessee shall
 pay to Lessor Advance Rentals according to the following schedule:

      Seven Thousand Five Hundred ($7,500.00) dollars upon the execution of
      this Agreement for the first year commencing the date of this
      Agreement and ending on the first anniversary thereof.

      Commencing with the first anniversary of this Agreement and ending on
      the fifth anniversary of this Agreement, the then Advance Rental
      shall increase Twenty-Five Hundred ($2,500) dollars until the annual
      Advance Rental is Twenty Thousand ($2.0,000.00) dollars. Commencing
      with the fifth anniversary of this Agreement through the ninth
      anniversary of this Agreement, the annual Advance Rental shall be
      Twenty Thousand ($20,000.00) dollars. The Advance Rental after the
      initial amount shall be due on the anniversary date of this Agreement
      commencing with the first anniversary and ending with the ninth
      anniversary thereof Payments of the Advance Rental received within
      fifteen calendar days of the anniversary due date; will be deemed
      timely made.

The Advance Rental payments payable to Lessor pursuant to this paragraph 
shall be credited to and recoverable from Production Rental payments 
payable by Lessee to Lessor, as provided below. Said right of recovery 
shall apply to the first such Production Rental payment accruing and shall 
continue thereafter until Lessee has recovered the full amount of 
previously paid Advance Rental payments.

 7.
 Renewal Option. At Lessee's option, this Agreement maybe extended for an
 additional term of ten (10) years. During such additional term, the annual
 Advance Rental shall be $20,000, payable in advance as provided in Section
 6. Provided this Agreement is not earlier terminated, Lessee shall give
 written notice to Lessor its intent to exercise this option not less than
 ninety (90) days prior to the end of the initial lease term for the Leased
 Premises under this Agreement.

 8.
 Production Rental, In addition to the Advance Rental, but subject to the
 set-off provided in Section 6, Lessee shall pay to Lessor a Production
 Rental of the greater of either four (4%) percent of the net smelter
 royalty (net ore value processed by Lessor, less production costs thereof,
 but excluding general administration costs) or fifty cents ($.50) per yard
 of material processed by the Lessee. Rental, payments are due and shall be
 paid within twenty (20) days of the end of the month in which the
 production occurred. Such payments shall be accompanied by a statement
 summarizing the computation of the yardage processed.

 9.
 Removal, Stockpiling and Commingling of Ores. Lessee is hereby granted the
 right to mine or remove from the Leased Premises any ores, wastes, water
 or other materials existing therein or thereon, through or by means of
 shafts or openings which may be sunk or made upon adjoining or nearby
 property controlled by Lessee, and may stockpile any ores, waste or other
 materials and/or concentrated products of ores or materials from the
 Leased Premises upon stockpile grounds situated upon any such adjoining or
 nearby property; and Lessee may use the Leased Premises and any part
 thereof, any shads, openings, and stockpile grounds, sunk or made thereon
 for the mining, removal and/or stockpiling of any ores, waste, water and
 other materials and/or concentrated products of ores or materials from any
 such adjoining or nearby property, or for any purpose or purposes 
 connected therewith, not, however, preventing or interfering with the
 mining or removal of ore from the Leased Premises.

Lessee may commingle ore from the Leased Premises with ore from other 
properties, either before or after concentration or beneficiation so long 
as the data to determine the weight, both of the placers or gravels removed 
from the Property and of other placers or gravels to be commingled, are 
obtained by Lessee. Lessee shall use that







------------------------------------------------------------------------

weight and data to allocate the rentals from the commingled placers or 
gravels that was removed from, the Leased Premises. All such weight and 
allocation calculations by Lessee shall be done in a manner recognized by 
the mining industry as practical and sufficient.

 10.
 Accounts and Records; Inspection by Lessor, Lessee shall keep accurate
 books of account showing the transactions and operations pertaining to
 computation of the payments due Lessors and records related to Lessor's
 workings and shall permit Lessor's qualified representative to examine
 such books and records, at commercially reasonable times and hours, upon
 ten (10) days written notice. Lessee shall furnish Lessor with Thil, true
 and accurate information in response to any commercially reasonable
 request in regard to the mining operations pertaining to computation of
 pays eats due Lessor or of Lessee's work.

Lessee's record of all mining operations on the Leased Premises shall be 
available for Lessor's inspection, and Lessor may enter the mine workings 
on the Leased Premises at all reasonable times for inspection thereof, but 
Lessor shell so enter at his own risk and shall indemnify the hold Lessee 
harmless against and from any damage, loss or liability by reason of injury 
to Lessor or his agents or representatives while on the Leased Premises or 
in said mine workings. Lessor agrees that such inspection shall not 
unreasonably or unnecessarily hinder, interrupt, or otherwise interfere 
with Lessee's operations upon the Leased Premises,

11.
Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit 
of the parties hereto, their heirs, executors, administrators, successors 
and assigns. Lessor may assign his rights under this Agreement, in whole or 
in part at any time, and shall give notice of such assignment to Lessee. 
Lessee may assign this Agreement to an affiliated company upon written 
notice to Lessor, and Lessee may assign this Agreement at any time to any 
other; party upon five (5) days prior written notice to Lessor.

Changes in the ownership of the Leased Premises or the rights to receive 
rentals hereunder occurring after delivery of this Agreement shall not be 
binding on Lessee until it shall receive written notice of such change, 
together with a certified copy or photographic copy of the recorded 
documents reflecting such change. No change or division in the ownership of 
the Leased Premises or rentals hereafter accomplished shall operate to 
enlarge the obligations or diminish the rights of Lessee hereunder.

12.
Termination by Lessor. Should Lessee fail to perform any of his covenants 
and agreements under this Agreement,, the Lessor may, at its option, give 
Lessee notice of such default, specifying the nature and character thereof. 
Unless Lessee shall commence correction of the same in good faith within 
thirty (30) days after receipt of snob notice of those default cures 
capable of being commenced within thirty (30) days or commenced as soon as 
commercially reasonable in respect of cures of defaults only capable of 
being started after thirty (30) days, Lessor may, at its election, 
terminate this Agreement by giving notice of such election to Lessee, and 
all rights of Lessee hereunder shall be thereby terminated except the 
liability provisions of Sections 10 and 14 herein,

 13.
 Termination of Lessee. Lessee shall have the tight at WV time to terminate
 this Agreement as to any or all of the Leased Premises by giving thirty
 (30) days written notice of such election to Lessor. At the end of said
 thirty (10) day period, this Agreement shall terminate as to the Leased
 Premises, and all nuns -which may be due under this Agreement up to and
 including the effective date of termination as set forth in the said
 notice shall be settled and adjusted between the parties and, once finally
 settled, the parties hail be relieved of all further payment obligations
 hereunder and shall furnish to Lessor a recordable release of all his
 rights and interests under this Agreement, except for his right of removal
 of his personal property as provided in Section 13 below and the liability
 provisions of Sections 10 and 14 herein, in connection with the above
 adjustments, the annual Advance Rental shall not be adjusted for the
 period of the annual rental prior or after termination of this Agreement,
 but shall be the credit as provided under Section

 14.
 Liability. Lessee shall, at his sole expense, save, protect and hold
 harmless Lessor against any and all el .s or liability for injury to or
 death of person or for damages to property except as provided in Section
 10 herein. Lessee shall be responsible for all obligations under this
 Agreement which have accrued to the effective date of surrender.

15.
Removal of Equipment. Lessee shall have the right at any time within one 
(1) year after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, or 
re1iregitishment and termination of Lessee's collateral rights as set forth







------------------------------------------------------------------------

herein, to remove all property, fixtures or structures erected or placed by 
Lessee on or in the Leased Premises. If not so removed, title to the 
property remaining thereafter shall revert to the Lessor.

16,
Geologic Data. Lessee shall provide Lessor within twenty (20) days after 
the termination of this Agreement any factual geologic or engineering data 
pining to the properties as developed by Lessee, its contractors, or 
agents,

17.
Liens. Lessee shall keep the Leased Premises free of all liens for labor or 
materials furnished to it in its operations hereunder, and will indemnify 
and save harmless Lessor against and from any damage, loss or liability by 
reason of any liens not removed. Lessee may contest the validity of any 
lien on the Leased Premises, and the same shall not be deemed a, default 
unless finally adjudicated to be valid and not discharged by Lessee.

Lessor will not cause or allow any liens, encumbrances or adverse claims to 
accrue against the Leased Premises, except such as may have been expressly 
subordinated to this Agreement; and in the event any lien or encumbrance 
shall hereafter accrue against the Leased. Premises by act or neglect of 
Lessor, then Lessee may, at Lessee's option, pay and discharge the same, 
and if Lessee elects so to do, Lessee may deduct the amount so paid from 
any Advance Rental Production Rentals or other payments hereunder, together 
with interest thereon at the prime rate as established by The Bank of New 
York in New York City, subject to the application of any Nevada usury 
statue.

18.
Notice. All notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
served when personally delivered or five calendar days after being mailed 
by registered or certified mail. Such mailed notices shall be addressed to 
Lessor as follows:
                      Corporate Creditors Committee LLC,
                      c/o Mr. Gary McAllister,
                       #102-1291 West 12800 South
                      Riverton, Utah 84605

     and to Lessee as follows:

                      Nevada, Rae Gold, Inc.
                      141 Adelaide Street West, #1004 Toronto, Ontario
                      Canada MSN 3LS
                      Attention: President

Or to such different address as may from time to time be specified in 
writing by one party to the other,

19.
Construction, Gender-, and Number. Any -reference herein to "Lessee" skull 
be read as including Lessee and its heirs, successors and assigns. Any 
reference herein to "Lessor" shall be read as including Lessor and its 
heirs, successors, and assigns. "Lessor" and "Lessee" as used herein 
include the plural, if there are more than one, and reference to either in 
one gender includes the other and the plural when appropriate.

20.
Force Majeure. Whenever the time for Lessee's performance of any act 
hereunder is limited or must be performed by a. specified date or after 
notice and the performance thereof is hindered, prevented, or delayed in 
whole or is pare by any factors or circumstances beyond the reasonable 
control of the party obligated to perform such, including, but not limited 
to, acts of God, fire, storm, floods, earthquakes, landslides, washouts, 
strikes, material, supply or labor interruptions causing slowdowns in 
production, delivery, or transportation, hostage of railroad cars, 
insurrections, riots, or mob violence, civil disobedience, regulations, 
injunction, orders or requirements of say government, embargoes, war, 
whether similar or different; then the time for the performance of any such 
act or obligation shall be extended for a period equal to the eruct of such 
delay plus a reasonable time thereafter to overcome the effects of such 
delay,

21.
Reclamation. Lessee shall be liable for all reclamation necessary and 
arising from a Lessee's raining activities. Declamation work will be 
completed as soon as commercially reasonable and will be in accordance with 
all applicable state and federal regulations.

22.
Cooperation. Lessor and Lessee agree to cooperate with one another, to the 
full extent as is commercially reasonable for either of Them, at Lessee's 
expense, in connection with compliance with the a







------------------------------------------------------------------------

environmental, and U.S. Bureau of Land Management laws and regulations 
relating to Lessee's use and enjoyment of the Leased Premises and the 
benefits and obligations of this Agreement and in connection with any and 
all state permitting applications relating to the Leased Premises and to 
provide for the for the benefit of this Agreement.

23.
Choice of Law; Further Assurances; Caption. This Agreement, shall be 
governed by the laws of State of Nevada. Upon the written request of 
Lessee, Lessor agrees to furnish such additional formal assurance or other 
written documents in proper and recordable form, as may be reasonably 
necessary to carry out the intent, purposes, and terms of this Agreement. 
Captions appear in this Agreement only for convenient reference, and racy 
shall riot affect or define the meaning or scope of any provision of this 
Agreement.

24.
Memorandum of Agreement. Contemporaneously herewith,, Lessor and Lessee 
have executed and delivered a Memorandum of Mining .ease, This Memorandum 
way be recorded at the office of the Clerk and Recorder of Lander County, 
Nevada, by either party.

25.
Entire Agreement, This Agreement, and the Memorandum of Mining Lease 
contains the entire agreement by and between the parties hereto, and no 
oral agreement, promise, statement or representation which is not contained 
herein shall, be binding on either party. No amendment or modification of 
this Agreement shall become effective unless and until the same has been 
reduced to writing and duty signed and acknowledged by the party against 
whom enforcement at of any such change is sought.

26.
Binding Effect. Lessor agrees that Lessee, by paying The amounts  herein 
stated sail by performing and observing the several covenants herein 
contained, may peaceably hold and enjoy the Leased Premises and the rights 
herein grained, during the term hereof without any interference or 
interruption by Lessor, its representatives, or assigns. The covenants, 
terms and conditions of this Agreement shall run with the land and in all 
respects be binding on and inure to tine benefit of the successors and 
assigns of either of the parties hereto.

27.
Lode Mining Rights. This Agreement is subject to Lessors rights to explore, 
mine and process any lode or in place ore deposits located in or on leased 
property. If placer gravels have to be removed for mining or mining  
purposes (or Lode ores), then placer gravels will be set aside by Lesser 
for processing by Lesser in a manner that is mutually acceptable to Lessee 
and Lessor.

IN WITNESS 'WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed. this Agreement as of 
the day and year first written above.

LESSORS:

Corporate Creditors Committee, LLC
 By:/s/Garry McCallister
 Title: Mtg. member

LESSEE..
NEVADA RAE GOLD, INC.


By: /s/Mitchell Geisler

Name: Mitchell Geisler
Title: President




Endnotes




























me

r.











SS





                                                            Telephone: 
                                                            (40:
                                                            13716 - 101 AV 
                                                            EDMONTON,A
                                                           CANADA T5N





,,-A
   ü"
 Telephone: J403)233.0047 808 HOME OIL TOWER
 8 AVENUE S.W. L LGARY.ALBERTA CANADA T2P27?








10-29-2004
03:24PM
FROM-
T-533
P.004/010
F-506




10-29-2004
03:25PM
FROM-
T-533
P.005/010
F-508


=toe

















