 EX-10.2 4 a14-19871_1ex10d2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
 
This Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement), by and 
between Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and the Employee whose name is set forth on Exhibit A hereto, is 
being entered into pursuant to the Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc. 2013 
Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan) and is dated as of the date it is 
accepted and agreed to by the Employee in accordance with Section 7(q).  
Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein shall have the 
respective meanings given to them in the Plan.
 
Section 1.                                     Grant of Restricted Stock 
Units.  The Company hereby evidences and confirms its grant to the 
Employee, effective as of the date set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the 
Grant Date), of the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth on Exhibit 
A hereto.  This Agreement is entered into pursuant to, and the Restricted 
Stock Units granted hereunder are subject to, the terms and conditions of 
the Plan, which are incorporated by reference herein.  If there is any 
inconsistency between this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms 
of the Plan shall govern.
 
Section 2.                                     Vesting of Restricted Stock 
Units.
 
(a)                                 Vesting.  Except as otherwise provided 
in this Section 2, the Restricted Stock Units shall become vested, if at 
all, in the percentage(s), and on the vesting date(s) set forth on Exhibit 
A hereto (each, a Vesting Date), subject to the continued employment of 
the Employee by the Company or any Subsidiary thereof through such date.  
Vested Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as provided in Section 3 of 
this Agreement.
 
(b)                                 Effect of Termination of Employment.
 
    (i)                                     If the Employees employment is
    terminated by reason of the Employees death or Disability (such
    termination, a Special Termination), all outstanding Restricted Stock
    Units shall immediately vest as of the date of such Special
    Termination.  Vested Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as
    provided in Section 3 of this Agreement.
     
    (ii)                                  Any Other Reason.  Upon
    termination of the Employees employment for any reason other than a
    Special Termination (whether initiated by the Company or by the
    Employee), any unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited and
    canceled effective as of the date of such termination.
     
(c)                                  Effect of a Change in Control.  In the 
event of a Change in Control, the treatment of any unvested Restricted 
Stock Units shall be governed by Article XIV of the Plan.
 
(d)                                 Discretionary Acceleration.  
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the 
Administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the vesting with 
respect to any Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement, at such times 
and upon such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall determine.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 3.                                     Settlement of Restricted 
Stock Units.
 
(a)                                 Timing of Settlement.  Subject to 
Section 6(a), any outstanding Restricted Stock Units that became vested on 
a Vesting Date shall be settled into an equal number of shares of Common 
Stock on a date selected by the Company that is within 30 days following 
such Vesting Date (each such date, a Settlement Date).
 
(b)                                 Mechanics of Settlement.  On each 
Settlement Date, the Company shall electronically issue to the Employee one 
whole share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that then became 
vested, and, upon such issuance, the Employees rights in respect of such 
Restricted Stock Unit shall be extinguished.  On or before any Settlement 
Date, at the Companys request, the Company and the Employee shall enter 
into a Subscription Agreement that establishes the rights and obligations 
of the Company and the Employee relating to the shares of Common Stock 
issued in respect of the Restricted Stock Units, in the form then 
customarily used by the Company under the Plan for such purpose.  In the 
event that there are any fractional Restricted Stock Units that became 
vested on such date, such fractional Restricted Stock Units shall be 
settled through a cash payment equal to the portion of Restricted Stock 
Unit multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on such 
Settlement Date.  No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued.
 
Section 4.                                     Securities Law Compliance.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Employee may not 
sell the shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement of the Restricted 
Stock Units unless such shares are registered under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or, if such shares are not then so 
registered, such sale would be exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act.  The sale of such shares must also comply with other 
applicable laws and regulations governing the Common Stock, and the 
Employee may not sell the shares of Common Stock if the Company determines 
that such sale would not be in material compliance with such laws and 
regulations.
 
Section 5.                                     Restriction on Transfer; 
Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units.  The Restricted Stock Units 
are not assignable or transferable, in whole or in part, and they may not, 
directly or indirectly, be offered, transferred, sold, pledged, assigned, 
alienated, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered (including, 
but not limited to, by gift, operation of law or otherwise) other than by 
will or by the laws of descent and distribution to the estate of the 
Employee upon the Employees death.  Any purported transfer in violation of 
this Section 5 shall be void ab initio.
 
Section 6.                                     Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                 Tax Withholding.  The Company or one of 
the Subsidiaries shall require the Employee to remit to the Company an 
amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any applicable U.S. federal, state and 
local and non-U.S. tax withholding obligations that may arise in connection 
with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and the related issuance of 
shares of Common stock.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the 
Employee elects not to remit cash in respect of such obligations, the 
Company shall retain a number of shares issued in respect of the Restricted 
Stock Units then vesting that have an aggregate Fair Market Value as of the 
Settlement Date equal to the amount of such taxes required to be withheld 
(and the Employee
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall thereupon be deemed to have satisfied his or her obligations under 
this Section 6(a)); provided that the number of such shares retained shall 
not be in excess of the minimum amount required to satisfy the statutory 
withholding tax obligations (it being understood that the value of any 
fractional share of Common Stock shall be paid in cash).  The number of 
shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of Restricted Stock Units 
shall thereupon be reduced by the number of shares of Common Stock so 
retained.  The method of withholding set forth in the immediately preceding 
sentence shall not be available if withholding in this manner would violate 
any financing instrument of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries.
 
(b)                                 Dividend Equivalents.  In the event 
that the Company pays any ordinary dividend in cash on a share of Common 
Stock following the Grant Date and prior to an applicable Settlement Date, 
there shall be credited to the account of the Employee in respect of each 
outstanding Restricted Stock Unit an amount equal to the amount of such 
dividend.  The amount so credited shall be deferred (without interest, 
unless the Administrator determines otherwise) until the settlement of such 
related Restricted Stock Unit and then paid in cash, but shall be forfeited 
upon the forfeiture of such related Restricted Stock Unit.
 
(c)                                  Authorization to Share Personal Data.  
The Employee authorizes the Company or any Affiliate of the Company that 
has or lawfully obtains personal data relating to the Employee to divulge 
or transfer such personal data to the Company or to a third party, in each 
case in any jurisdiction, if and to the extent reasonably appropriate in 
connection with this Agreement or the administration of the Plan.
 
(d)                                 No Rights as Stockholder; No Voting 
Rights.  The Employee shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company 
with respect to any shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock 
Units prior to the issuance of such shares of Common Stock.
 
(e)                                  No Right to Awards.  The Employee 
acknowledges and agrees that the grant of any Restricted Stock Units (i) is 
being made on an exceptional basis and is not intended to be renewed or 
repeated, (ii) is entirely voluntary on the part of the Company and the 
Subsidiaries and (iii) should not be construed as creating any obligation 
on the part of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries to offer any 
Restricted Stock Units in the future.
 
(f)                                   No Right to Continued Employment. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer on the Employee any 
right to continue in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary, or to 
interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any 
Subsidiary to terminate such employment at any time.
 
(g)                                  Interpretation.  The Administrator 
shall have full power and discretion to construe and interpret the Plan 
(and any rules and regulations issued thereunder) and this Award.  Any 
determination or interpretation by the Administrator under or pursuant to 
the Plan or this Award shall be final and binding and conclusive on all 
persons affected hereby.
 
(h)                                 Forfeiture of Awards.  The Restricted 
Stock Units granted hereunder (and gains earned or accrued in connection 
therewith) shall be subject to such generally applicable policies as to 
forfeiture and recoupment (including, without limitation, upon the 
occurrence of material financial or accounting errors, financial or other 
misconduct or Competitive Activity) as may be
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
adopted by the Administrator or the Board from time to time and 
communicated to the Employee, and is otherwise subject to forfeiture or 
disgorgement of profits as provided by the Plan.
 
(i)                                     Consent to Electronic Delivery.  By 
entering into this Agreement and accepting the Restricted Stock Units 
evidenced hereby, the Employee hereby consents to the delivery of 
information (including, without limitation, information required to be 
delivered to the Employee pursuant to applicable securities laws) regarding 
the Company and the Subsidiaries, the Plan, this Agreement and the 
Restricted Stock Units via Company website or other electronic delivery.
 
(j)                                    Binding Effect; Benefits.  This 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to 
this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns.  Nothing in 
this Agreement, express or implied, is intended or shall be construed to 
give any person other than the parties to this Agreement or their 
respective successors or assigns any legal or equitable right, remedy or 
claim under or in respect of any agreement or any provision contained 
herein.
 
(k)                                 Amendment.  This Agreement may not be 
amended, modified or supplemented orally, but only by a written instrument 
executed by the Employee and the Company.
 
(l)                                     Assignability.  Neither this 
Agreement nor any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder 
or by reason hereof shall be assignable by the Company or the Employee 
without the prior written consent of the other party.
 
(m)                             Applicable Law.  This Agreement shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with laws of the State of Delaware 
regardless of the application of rules of conflict of law that would apply 
the laws of any other jurisdiction.
 
(n)                                 Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each party 
hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right 
they may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or 
proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated 
hereby.  Each party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney 
of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other 
party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing 
waiver and (ii) acknowledges that they and the other party hereto have been 
induced to enter into the Agreement by, among other things, the mutual 
waivers and certifications in this Section 6(n).
 
(o)                                 Limitations of Actions. No lawsuit 
relating to this Agreement may be filed before a written claim is filed 
with the Administrator and is denied or deemed denied as provided in the 
Plan and any lawsuit must be filed within one year of such denial or deemed 
denial or be forever barred.
 
(p)                                 Section and Other Headings, etc.  The 
section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference 
purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this 
Agreement.
 
(q)                                 Acceptance of Restricted Stock Units 
and Agreement.  The Employee has indicated his or her consent and 
acknowledgement of the terms of this Agreement pursuant to the instructions 
provided to the Employee by or on behalf of the Company.  The Employee
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
acknowledges receipt of the Plan, represents to the Company that he or she 
has read and understood this Agreement and the Plan, and, as an express 
condition to the grant of the Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement, 
agrees to be bound by the terms of both this Agreement and the Plan.  The 
Employee and the Company each agrees and acknowledges that the use of 
electronic media (including, without limitation, a clickthrough button or 
checkbox on a website of the Company or a third-party administrator) to 
indicate the Employees confirmation, consent, signature, agreement and 
delivery of this Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units is legally valid 
and has the same legal force and effect as if the Employee and the Company 
signed and executed this Agreement in paper form.  The same use of 
electronic media may be used for any amendment or waiver of this Agreement.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A to
Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
 
Employee:
 
 
 
Grant Date:
        , 201
 
 
Restricted Stock Units granted hereby:
 
 
Vesting Date
 
Percentage
Vesting
on such Vesting
Date
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------