 EX-10.1 2 gsjk8k-20141111_ex10x01.htm EXHIBIT 10.1


EXHIBIT 10.1


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into by and between 
COMPRESSCO PARTNERS GP INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and 
Ronald J. Foster (the “Employee”) on November 6, 2014, but effective as of 
August 4, 2014 (the “Effective Date”). Certain capitalized terms used 
herein are defined in Section 6 of this Agreement.


WHEREAS, Employee is currently an officer and director of the Company;


WHEREAS, the Company is the general partner of Compressco Partners, L.P., a 
Delaware limited partnership (the “Partnership”) and Compressco Partners 
Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Purchaser”), is an indirect wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Partnership;


WHEREAS, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement dated July 20, 2014, by and 
between the Purchaser and Warren Equipment Company (“Warren”), Purchaser 
has agreed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of 
Compressor Systems, Inc. (“CSI”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Warren;


WHEREAS, Employee acknowledges that in performing services for the Company, 
Employee has had access to trade secrets, proprietary and confidential 
information of the Partnership Group and Employee further acknowledges that 
in performing the services contemplated herein for the Company, Employee 
will continue to come into contact with customers and suppliers of the 
Partnership Group and that Employee will continue to have access to trade 
secrets, proprietary and confidential information, and goodwill of the 
Partnership Group not readily available to the public, including the trade 
secrets, proprietary and confidential information, and goodwill of CSI 
being acquired in the transaction contemplated by the Stock Purchase 
Agreement (the “Transaction”); and


WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ the Employee, and 
Employee desires to continue to be employed by the Company under the terms 
and conditions hereinafter provided.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties, 
covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as 
follows.


      1.Employment of Employee; Duties.

1.1Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, the 
Company hereby agrees to employ the Employee as of the Effective Date and 
the Employee hereby accepts employment from the Company effective as of the 
Effective Date.

1.2    Title.  During the Employment Period (as defined in Section 2 
hereof), the Employee shall serve as Senior Vice President and Chief 
Marketing Officer of the Company.

1.3    Duties.  During the Employment Period, the Employee shall have the 
normal duties, responsibilities and authority commensurate with such 
position, and shall perform and render all services and acts necessary to 
fulfill such duties and responsibilities on the terms set forth herein. 
Except for excused leaves of absence, the Employee shall, throughout the 
Employment Period, devote substantially all of the Employee’s working time, 
attention, and ability to the duties and responsibilities of the Employee’s 
position in furtherance of the business affairs and activities of the 
Company and other members of the Partnership Group; provided, that the 
Employee shall have the right to participate in the following activities so 
long as such activities do not conflict with any business of the 
Partnership Group or interfere with the Employee’s performance of his 
duties hereunder: (i) engaging in and managing passive personal investments 
and (ii) serving on civic, religious, educational and/or charitable boards 
and committees. The Employee shall at all times be subject to, comply with, 
observe and carry out the Partnership Group’s rules, regulations, policies 
and codes of ethics and/or conduct applicable to employees of the 
Partnership Group generally and in effect from time to time. If the 
Employee’s other business interests present a conflict of interest or the 
appearance of a conflict of interest, the Employee shall fully disclose the 
conflict or apparent conflict to the Board of Directors of the Company (the 
“Board”) or the President of the Company (the “President”).


1
------------------------------------------------------------------------


1.4    Location.  The Employee’s primary place of employment shall 
initially be located at the Company’s office at 101 Park Avenue, Suite 
1200, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102. The employee will be required to 
travel to other offices and facilities of the Partnership Group and other 
locations as reasonably necessary to perform his duties. On or after the 
second anniversary of the effective date, the Company may require the 
Employee to relocate to either the Houston, Texas or Midland, Texas areas.

2.Term of Employment.  The employment of the Employee hereunder shall 
continue until the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date (the “
Initial Employment Period”), unless terminated earlier in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, and shall automatically be 
renewed and extended for additional one (1) year periods (each an “
Additional Employment Period”) thereafter unless the Employee’s employment 
is terminated by either party giving written notice to the other party not 
less than sixty (60) days in advance of the expiration of the then-existing 
Initial Employment Period or Additional Employment Period, as applicable. 
The period during which the Employee is employed hereunder shall be 
referred to as the “Employment Period.”  Termination of employment due to 
non-renewal of the Initial Employment Period or any Additional Employment 
Period, after providing the requisite sixty (60) days prior written notice, 
shall not entitle the Employee to any Severance Benefits (as herein 
defined) under this Agreement.

3.Compensation and General Benefits.

3.1    Base Salary.

During the Employment Period the Company agrees to pay to the Employee an 
annualized base salary in an amount equal to $325,000 (such base salary, as 
may be increased from time to time by the Company, is referred to herein as 
the “Base Salary”). The Employee’s Base Salary, less amounts required to be 
withheld under applicable law, shall be payable in equal installments in 
accordance with the normal payroll practices and procedures in effect from 
time to time for the payment of salaries to employees within the 
Partnership Group, but in no event less frequently than monthly.


3.2    Annual Bonus.  During the Employment Period, the Employee shall be 
eligible to participate in the Cash Incentive Compensation Plan maintained 
by TETRA Technologies, Inc. (“TETRA”) or such other bonus programs as may 
be established for employees of the Partnership Group, as any such bonus 
program may be amended from time to time (any such bonus program being 
referred to as the “CICP”), in a manner that is consistent with other 
similarly situated officers of the Company and the Partnership Group in 
general. The Employee’s Annual Bonus opportunity under the CICP shall equal 
forty-five percent (45%) (the “Annual Target Bonus”) of the Base Salary. 
Any right to receive any bonus payment shall be subject to the terms and 
conditions of the CICP.

3.3    Equity-Based Compensation.  Beginning in 2015 and continuing during 
the Employment Period, the Employee shall, subject to approval of TETRA’s 
Management and Compensation Committee, be eligible to participate in, and 
receive annual awards of equity-based compensation pursuant to, the 
Compressco Partners, L.P. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, or such other 
similar equity compensation plans as may be adopted by the Partnership, on 
a basis consistent with other officers of the Company.

3.4    Expenses.  During the Employment Period, the Employee shall be 
entitled to receive reimbursement from the Company for all reasonable and 
necessary business expenses incurred by the Employee in performing the 
Employee’s duties hereunder on behalf of the Company and the Partnership 
Group, subject to, and consistent with, the Partnership Group’s policies 
for expense payment and reimbursement, in effect from time to time.

3.5    Benefits.  During the Employment Period, the Employee shall be 
entitled to participate in, and to receive benefits under, any benefit 
plans, arrangements or policies made available to employees of the 
Partnership Group generally, subject to and on a basis consistent with the 
terms, conditions and overall administration of each such plan, arrangement 
or policy.

3.6    Vacation.  The Employee will be entitled to twenty (20) days of paid 
vacation time each calendar year during the Employment Period, to be 
prorated monthly for partial calendar years. It is the intent of the 
parties to this Agreement that Employee will use all vacation in the 
calendar year in which it is allotted. Any unused vacation remaining at the 
end of a calendar year will not be carried over to the next year. The 
Employee shall provide reasonable notice of any vacation time to be taken 
by the Employee to the President.


2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


4.Termination.

4.1    General.  The employment of the Employee hereunder (and the 
Employment Period) shall terminate as provided in Section 2 hereof, unless 
earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4. 
Upon termination of the Employee’s employment hereunder, the Employee (or 
his estate in the event of this death) shall be entitled to receive (i) all 
amounts of earned but unpaid Base Salary accrued through the date of his 
termination of employment, (ii) such employee benefits, if any, as to which 
the Employee may be entitled under the benefit plans, arrangements or 
policies of the Company to the date of termination as otherwise expressly 
required by applicable law (including pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus 
Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (“COBRA”)); provided, that the 
Company shall not be required to waive, pay or reimburse any premium or 
contribution required of the Employee to continue any COBRA coverage or 
other benefits, (iii) reimbursement of all unpaid expenses incurred prior 
to the date of termination in accordance with Section 3.4 hereof, and (iv) 
an amount equal to all accrued and unused vacation for the year of 
termination (collectively, the “Accrued Amounts”). Except as expressly 
provided otherwise in this Section 4, all other rights of the Employee (and 
all obligations of the Company) hereunder shall terminate as of the date of 
such termination.

4.2    Death or Disability of the Employee.

(a)The employment of the Employee hereunder (and the Employment Period) 
shall terminate (i) automatically upon the death of the Employee and (ii) 
at the option of the Company, upon not less than thirty (30) days’ prior 
written notice to the Employee or the Employee’s personal representative or 
guardian, if the Employee suffers a Total Disability (as defined below). In 
the event the Employee’s employment is terminated pursuant to this Section 
4.2, the Employee, or his estate, shall be entitled to receive (i) the 
Accrued Amounts, which shall be payable in a lump sum within thirty (30) 
days of any such termination, and (ii) an amount equal to any unpaid Annual 
Bonus otherwise payable for the year immediately preceding the year in 
which the employment of the Employee is terminated pursuant to this 
Section 4.2, any such amount to be paid no later than March 15 of the year 
in which such termination occurs.

(b)For purposes of this Agreement, “Total Disability” shall mean (i) the 
written determination by a physician reasonably satisfactory to the 
Employee and the Company that, because of a medically determinable disease, 
injury or other physical or mental disability, the Employee is unable to 
substantially perform, with or without reasonable accommodation, the 
essential job functions of the Employee required hereby, and that such 
disability has lasted for ninety (90) consecutive days or any one hundred 
eighty (180) days during the immediately preceding twelve (12)-month 
period, in each case based upon medically available reliable information or 
(ii) the Employee’s qualifying for benefits under the Partnership Group’s 
long-term disability coverage, if any. In conjunction with determining 
mental and/or physical disability for purposes of this Agreement, the 
Employee hereby consents to (x) any examinations that the Company 
determines are relevant to a determination of whether the Employee is 
mentally and physically disabled or are required by the Company physician, 
(y) furnish such medical information as may be reasonably requested and (z) 
waive any applicable physician patient privilege that may arise because of 
such examination.

4.3    Termination by the Company Without Cause.

(a)The Company may terminate the Employee’s employment without Cause (as 
defined in Section 4.3(c)) upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice and 
thereby terminate the Employment Period under this Agreement.

(b)In the event the Employee’s employment is terminated pursuant to this 
Section 4.3, and at that time the Employee is ready, willing and able to 
continue performing all of his duties under this Agreement, the Employee 
shall be entitled to receive: (i) the Accrued Amounts, which shall be 
payable in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of any such termination, and 
(ii) subject to satisfying the requirements and conditions of Section 4.5 
below: (A) his Base Salary (in effect at the time of termination) for a 
period equal to the remaining term of the Initial Employment Period, 
payable at such dates and times in accordance with the Company’s normal 
payment practices and procedures (for clarification, the Employee shall not 
be entitled to receive any continued payment of Employee’s Base Salary in 
the event of any such termination following the expiration of the Initial 
Employment Period); (B) if Employee elects to receive continuation coverage 
for medical, prescription and dental benefits under COBRA, the Company 
will, for a period equal to the remaining term of the Initial Employment 
Period, waive or otherwise pay at regular monthly intervals the 
contribution, if any, that would otherwise be required for the continuation 
of coverage under a Partnership Group group health plan that Employee and 
his dependents are eligible to receive, provided, however, that to receive 
such waiver or contribution, the Employee must not be eligible to receive 
health insurance benefits under any other employer’s group health plan (for 
clarification, the Employee shall not be entitled to any waiver, or 
payment, of any contribution as required for the continuation of such COBRA 
coverage in the event of any such termination following the expiration of 
the Initial Employment Period); (C) an amount equal to any unpaid Annual 
Bonus otherwise payable for the year immediately preceding the year in 
which the employment of the Employee is so terminated, any such amount to 
be paid, subject to the provisions of

3
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 4.5, no later than March 15 of the year in which such termination 
occurs; and (D) an amount equal to the pro rata Annual Bonus for the year 
in which such termination occurs, if determined to be payable for such 
year, such pro rata payment to be paid, subject to the provisions of 
Section 4.5, no later than March 15 of the year immediately following the 
year in which such termination occurs. The payments and benefits provided 
in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence are collectively referred to as 
the “Severance Benefits.”

(c)For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” means the occurrence of any one 
or more of the following events:

(i)the failure by the Employee to perform his duties in any material 
respect which is not cured within fifteen (15) days after written notice to 
the Employee;

(ii)the indictment or conviction of the Employee of (A) any felony or the 
plea of nolo contendere to any felony, or (B) any misdemeanor involving 
theft, dishonesty or moral turpitude;

(iii)the Employee improperly receiving a benefit (personally or on behalf 
of another Person) relating to the Company or any member of the Partnership 
Group or the funds, properties or other assets of the Company or any member 
of the Partnership Group that the Board considers to constitute fraud, 
embezzlement or misappropriation;

(iv)the failure by the Employee to comply in any material respect with any 
previously announced and disclosed written policy or procedure or article 
or component of any such written policy or procedure of the Partnership 
Group, which, if curable, is not cured within fifteen (15) days after 
written notice;

(v)the Employee’s knowing or intentional misstatement of the financial 
records of the Partnership Group or complicit actions in respect thereof 
(for the avoidance of doubt, an error or mistake in the financial records 
shall not constitute Cause);

(vi)the reckless or willful failure to disclose material financial or other 
information concerning the Partnership Group to the Board, the President or 
to any executive officer of TETRA following a request therefor;

(vii)the breach by the Employee of any of the terms of this Agreement which 
is not cured within fifteen (15) days after written notice thereof;

(viii)the Employee materially disparaging in a public manner the Company or 
any member of the Partnership Group or their respective employees;

(ix)the Employee’s absence from the Company for a period of ten (10) 
consecutive business days that is unrelated to approved vacation time, 
short or long-term disability, illness, or other absence permitted by the 
Partnership Group’s written policies or applicable law; and

(x)the misappropriation by the Employee of any business opportunity of any 
member of the Partnership Group in violation of the terms hereof.

4.4    Termination by the Employee for Good Reason.

(a)The Employee may voluntarily terminate his employment (and the 
Employment Period) at any time upon prior written notice to the Company for 
Good Reason (as defined in Section 4.4(c)) as provided in Section 4.4(c) 
below. The Employee’s written notice shall indicate that he is terminating 
his employment for Good Reason and shall provide a detailed description of 
the reasons for such termination for Good Reason. In the event the Employee 
does not indicate that he is terminating his employment for Good Reason 
(including a detailed description of the reasons therefor), he shall be 
deemed to have terminated his employment without Good Reason in accordance 
with Section 4.7.

(b)In the event the Employee’s employment is terminated pursuant to this 
Section 4.4, the Employee shall be entitled to receive (i) the Accrued 
Amounts, which shall be payable in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of 
any such termination, and (ii) subject to satisfying the requirements of 
Section 4.5 below, the Severance Benefits.

(c)For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” means the occurrence of 
any of the following events without the Employee’s consent: (i) a reduction 
in the Employee’s Base Salary or a reduction in the Employee’s

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Annual Target Bonus opportunity, (ii) the relocation of the office to which 
the Employee is primarily assigned and expected to report to a location 
that is outside the Oklahoma City, Oklahoma metropolitan area (exclusive of 
travel incidental to the Employee’s performance of his duties hereunder); 
or (iii) any material breach by the Company of the obligations imposed upon 
the Company under the terms of this Agreement, and the Company shall fail 
to cure such breach or default within fifteen (15) days after written 
notice of such breach or default is given by the Employee. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing definition of “Good Reason,” any assertion by the Employee of 
Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions 
are satisfied: (i) the condition described above giving rise to Good Reason 
must have arisen without the Employee’s written consent; (ii) the Employee 
must provide written notice to the Company of such condition within twenty 
(20) days of the Employee’s discovery of the initial existence of 
condition; (iii) the condition specified in such notice must remain 
uncorrected for fifteen (15) days after receipt of such notice by the 
Company; and (iv) the date of the Employee’s termination of employment 
because of the condition as specified in such notice must occur within 
ninety (90) days after the Employee’s discovery of the condition as 
specified in such notice.

4.5    Severance Benefit Payments.  In the event that the Employee is 
entitled to the Severance Benefits under Sections 4.3 or 4.4, such 
Severance Benefits shall, subject to the following requirements, be payable 
in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices and procedures, 
and shall be subject to all applicable withholding. Except for such later 
payments as otherwise provided in Sections 4.3, 4.4, or 4.9, Severance 
Benefits shall begin on the first regularly scheduled payroll date 
determined by the Company (in accordance with Treas. Reg. §1.409A-3(b)) to 
occur more than fifty-five (55) days from the Employee’s date of 
termination (with any deferred Severance Benefits that otherwise would have 
been paid during the period beginning on the date of termination and ending 
on the date the first regularly scheduled payroll date to occur more than 
fifty-five (55) days after the Employee’s date of termination to be paid, 
as applicable, in a single lump sum on such payroll date), provided, that, 
within such fifty-five (55) day period, (i) the Employee executes and 
delivers to the Company a general release of any and all claims (but 
excluding (A) any claim for unemployment compensation, (B) any claim for 
workers’ compensation benefits, and (C) any vested, future benefits which 
the Employee is entitled to receive under any Partnership Group “employee 
benefit plan,” within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, or under 
Section 2 or 3 or 4) in favor of the Company, the Partnership, their 
Affiliates and their respective officers, managers, directors, 
shareholders, partners, members and other Affiliates in substantially the 
form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A (the “Release”), and (ii) the 
applicable revocation period, if any, prescribed by law and/or set forth in 
the Release has expired without the Employee having withdrawn or revoked 
the Release. If the Employee does not satisfy the requirements with respect 
to the Release as hereinabove provided, the Employee shall not be entitled 
to any of the Severance Benefits or any amount or benefit in lieu thereof.

4.6    Termination by the Company For Cause.  The Board may terminate the 
employment of the Employee (and the Employment Period) under this Agreement 
at any time for Cause by delivery of written notice to the Employee. The 
Board’s written notice shall indicate that the Company is terminating the 
Employee’s employment for Cause and shall provide a description of the 
reasons for such termination for Cause. In the event the notice does not 
indicate that the Company is terminating the Employee’s employment for 
Cause (including a description of the reasons therefor), the Company shall 
be deemed to have terminated the Employee’s employment without Cause in 
accordance with Section 4.3. Upon such termination for Cause, the Employee 
shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts, which shall be payable in 
a lump sum within thirty (30) days of such termination.

4.7    Termination by the Employee Without Good Reason.  The Employee may 
voluntarily resign and thereby terminate the Employee’s employment (and the 
Employment Period) under this Agreement at any time upon not less than 
thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to the Company. Upon such 
termination, the Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts, 
which shall be payable in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of such 
termination.

4.8    Termination in Connection with a Change of Control. The Company and 
the Employee have previously entered into a Change of Control Agreement 
dated May 30, 2013 (the “COC Agreement”). Notwithstanding the provisions of 
this Section 4 and in order to avoid duplication, in the event of a 
Qualifying Termination (as defined in the COC Agreement), the Employee’s 
rights upon termination will be governed by the terms of the COC Agreement 
and the Employee’s right to the Severance Benefits under this Agreement 
shall cease.

4.9    Section 409A of the Code.  This Agreement is intended, and its terms 
shall be interpreted as necessary, to comply with Section 409A (“Section 
409A”) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the parties 
mutually desire to avoid adverse tax consequences associated with the 
application of Section 409A to this Agreement and agree to cooperate fully 
and take appropriate reasonable actions to avoid any such consequences 
under Section 409A, including delaying payments and reforming the form of 
the Agreement if such action would reduce or eliminate taxes and/or 
interest payable as a result of Section 409A. In this regard, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4, to the extent 
necessary to comply with Section 409A, if the Employee is a “specified 
employee,” as defined in Treas. Reg. §1.409A-1(i), and any partnership 
interests of the Partnership are publicly traded on an established 
securities market or otherwise, no payment or benefit that is subject to 
Section 409A shall be made under this Agreement

5
------------------------------------------------------------------------


on account of the Employee’s “separation from service” with the Company 
within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code before the date that is the 
first day of the seventh month beginning after the date the Employee’s 
separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of death of the Employee 
or any other date permitted under Section 409A). For purposes of 
determining if amounts payable under this Agreement by reason of the 
Employee’s termination are owed, and if so, when they are to be paid or 
provided, the Employee shall be considered to have terminated employment 
with the Company only when the Employee’s employment with the Company 
ceases on what is then reasonably expected and understood by the Employee 
and the Company to be a permanent basis and such cessation constitutes a 
“separation from service” with respect to the Company and its affiliates 
within the meaning of Section 409A and applicable administrative guidance 
issued thereunder. To the extent that any amount or benefit under this 
Agreement constitutes a reimbursement of an expense incurred by, or the 
provision of benefits in kind to, the Employee and such amount or benefit 
represents a “deferral of compensation,” all within the meaning of Section 
409A, then: (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or 
in-kind benefits to be provided, under this Agreement during or for any 
taxable year of the Employee shall not affect the expenses eligible for 
reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, during or for any other 
taxable year of the Employee; (ii) all reimbursements of expenses under 
this Agreement shall be made by no later than the earlier of the date 
otherwise required under this Agreement and the last day of the Employee’s 
taxable year following the taxable year of the Employee in which the 
expense was incurred; and (iii) the right to reimbursement or in-kind 
benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or 
exchange for another benefit. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment or 
amount due under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment, and 
the Employee’s entitlement to a series of payments under this Agreement is 
to be treated as an entitlement to a series of separate payments.

4.10    Resignation from Officer and Director Positions.  Upon the 
termination of the Employee’s employment for any reason (unless otherwise 
agreed in writing by the Company and the Employee), the Employee will be 
deemed to have resigned, without any further action by the Employee, from 
any and all officer and/or director positions that the Employee, 
immediately prior to such termination, held with the Company or any member 
of the Partnership Group. If for any reason this Section 4.10 is deemed to 
be insufficient to effectuate such resignations, then the Employee will, 
upon the Company’s request, execute any documents or instruments that the 
Company may deem necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignations.

5.Confidentiality, Work Product and Non-Competition and Non- Solicitation.

5.1    Confidentiality.

(a)In return for and in reliance upon the Employee’s covenants made in this 
Section 5, the Company agrees to provide to the Employee during the 
Employment Period certain valuable and proprietary Confidential Information 
pertaining to the Partnership Group. In addition, the Company and the 
Partnership Group shall provide the Employee during the Employment Period 
access to certain customers and vendors and provide the Employee with the 
unique opportunity to develop business relationships with such customers 
and vendors based, in part, upon (i) the Partnership Group’s relationship, 
reputation and goodwill with those customers, and (ii) the goodwill and 
business relationships of CSI being acquired by the Purchaser.

(b)The Employee acknowledges that the confidential information of CSI (the 
“CSI Confidential Information”), which will be made available to Employee, 
and the goodwill associated with the business acquired by the Company and 
Partnership Group are of significant value to the Company and the 
Partnership Group bargained for in the Transaction and that any disclosure 
or use of the CSI Confidential Information in violation of this Agreement 
would seriously and adversely affect the benefit or value of the assets and 
business acquired by the Company and Partnership Group. The Employee 
further acknowledges and agrees that in the course of his employment with 
the Company and providing services to the Partnership Group, the Employee 
will be in a position to (i) have access to and develop Confidential 
Information, (ii) pursue business opportunities of the Partnership Group 
and (iii) develop goodwill on behalf of the Partnership Group and that the 
Company shall provide support for such activity such as the expense 
reimbursements as provided in Section 3.4. The Employee recognizes that 
Partnership Group’s business interests require a confidential relationship 
between each member of the Partnership Group and the Employee and the 
fullest practical protection and confidential treatment of all Confidential 
Information. At all times, both during and after the Employment Period, the 
Employee shall not directly or indirectly appropriate, download, print, 
copy, remove, use, disclose, divulge, communicate or otherwise 
Misappropriate any Confidential Information, including, without limitation, 
originals or copies of any Confidential Information, in any media or 
format, except for the Partnership Group’s benefit within the course and 
scope of the Employee’s employment or with the prior written consent of the 
Board or the President.

(c)All Confidential Information, and all other information and property 
affecting or relating to the business of the Partnership Group within the 
Employee’s possession, custody or control, regardless of form or format, 
shall remain, at all times, the property of the Partnership Group, the 
appropriation, use and/or disclosure of which is governed and restricted by 
this Agreement.


6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(d)The Employee acknowledges and agrees that:

(i)during the Employment Period the Employee has, and will continue to, 
occupy a unique position within the Company and the Partnership Group, and 
the Employee is and will be directly involved in the development and 
implementation of, or have access to, Confidential Information, and

(ii)in the event the Employee breaches this Section 5.1 with respect to any 
Confidential Information, such breach shall be deemed to be a 
Misappropriation of such Confidential Information and will result in 
immediate and irreparable harm to the Partnership Group.

(e)Upon receipt of any formal or informal request, by legal process or 
otherwise, seeking the Employee’s direct or indirect disclosure or 
production of any Confidential Information to any Person, the Employee 
shall promptly and timely notify the Company and the President and provide 
a description and, if applicable, provide a copy of such request to the 
Company so that the Company, or the respective member or the Partnership 
Group, may obtain a protective order or other appropriate remedy. In the 
event that no such protective order or other remedy is obtained, or that 
the Company waives compliance with the terms of this Section 5.1, the 
Employee will furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information 
which the Employee is reasonably advised in writing by counsel is legally 
required and will exercise reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurance 
that confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information.

(f)At any time the Company may request, during or after the Employment 
Period, the Employee shall deliver to the Company all originals and copies 
of Confidential Information and all other information and property 
affecting or relating to the business of the Partnership Group within the 
Employee’s possession, custody or control, regardless of form or format, 
including, without limitation any Confidential Information produced by the 
Employee.

(g)Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Employee shall 
immediately return to the Company all Confidential Information, regardless 
of the form or format, and all other information and property affecting or 
relating to the business of the Partnership Group, within the Employee’s 
possession, custody or control, regardless of form or format, without the 
necessity of a prior Company request.

(h)During the Employment Period, the Employee represents and agrees that 
the Employee will not use or disclose any confidential or proprietary 
information or trade secrets of others (excluding the use by the Employee 
for any proper purpose of any such information of the Partnership Group’s 
customers in the ordinary course of business), including but not limited to 
former employers, and that the Employee will not bring onto the premises of 
the Company or any member of the Partnership Group or access such 
confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets of such others, 
unless consented to in writing by said others, and then only with the prior 
written authorization of the Company.

5.2    Work Product/Intellectual Property.

(a)Assignment.     The Employee hereby assigns to the Company all right, 
title and interest to all Work Product that (i) relates to any of the 
Partnership Group’s actual business, research and development or existing 
or contemplated products or services, or (ii) is conceived, reduced to 
practice, developed or made using any equipment, supplies, facilities, 
assets, information or resources of any member of the Partnership Group 
(including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights).

(b)Disclosure. The Employee shall promptly disclose Work Product to the 
President and perform all actions reasonably requested by the Company 
(whether during or after the Employment Period), at the cost of the 
Company, to establish and confirm the ownership and proprietary interest of 
any member of the Partnership Group in any Work Product (including, without 
limitation, the execution of assignments, consents, powers of attorney, 
applications and other instruments). The Employee shall not file any patent 
or copyright applications related to any Work Product except with the 
written consent of the President.

5.3    Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.

(a)In consideration of the Confidential Information being provided, and 
which the Company herein agrees to provide in the future, to the Employee 
as stated in Section 5.1 hereof, and other good and valuable new 
consideration as stated in this Agreement and as provided to the Employee 
as of the Effective Date, the Severance Benefits, and the business 
relationships, Partnership Group goodwill, work experience, client, 
customer and/or vendor relationships and other benefits of employment that 
the Employee will have the opportunity to obtain, use and develop under 
this Agreement, the Employee agrees to the restrictive covenants stated in 
this Section 5.3.

7
------------------------------------------------------------------------



(b)During the Employment Period and until the end of the Restricted Period, 
the Employee agrees that the Employee will not, directly or indirectly, on 
the Employee’s own behalf or on the behalf of any other Person, within the 
Restricted Area:

(i)engage in a Competing Business, including, without limitation, by 
owning, managing, operating, controlling, being employed by, providing 
services as a consultant or independent contractor to or participating in 
the ownership, management, operation or control of any Competing Business;

(ii)induce or attempt to induce any customer, vendor, supplier, licensor or 
other Person in a current or previous business relationship with any member 
of the Partnership Group, (A) to do business with a Competing Business or 
(B) to cease, restrict, terminate or otherwise reduce business with any 
member of the Partnership Group, in each case regardless of whether the 
Employee initiates contact; or

(iii)(A) solicit, recruit, persuade, influence or induce, or attempt to 
solicit, recruit, persuade, influence or induce anyone employed by any 
member of the Partnership Group, to cease or leave their employment 
relationship with any member of the Partnership Group or (B) hire, employ 
or otherwise attempt to establish, for any Person, any employment, 
consulting, independent contractor or other business relationship with any 
Person who is or was during the prior twelve (12) months employed by any 
member of the Partnership Group; provided, however, the Employee may, 
directly or indirectly, on the Employee’s own behalf or on behalf of any 
other Person, hire any former employee of the Company or the Partnership 
Group whose employment with the Company or Partnership Group had terminated 
not less than three (3) months prior to the date of hire and (i) who is not 
specifically solicited for employment by the Employee, either directly or 
indirectly, but who on his or her own initiative seeks employment with 
Employee or any other Person with whom the Employee is affiliated, or (ii) 
who responds to a general ad for employment published by Employee, or any 
other Person with whom the Employee is affiliated, that is not specifically 
targeted to employees of the Partnership Group.

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that it is determined by a 
court of competent jurisdiction that the laws of the State of Oklahoma 
control with respect to this Agreement, then the above-referenced 
limitations in Sections 5.3(b)(i) and 5.3(b)(ii) shall not apply in those 
portions of the Restricted Area located within the State of Oklahoma. 
Instead, the Employee agrees that, in addition to the restrictions set 
forth in Section 5.3(b)(iii), the restrictions on the Employee’s activities 
within those portions of the Restricted Area located within the State of 
Oklahoma shall be as follows: during the Employment Period and until the 
end of the Restricted Period, the Employee will not directly solicit the 
sale of goods, services, or a combination of goods and services that 
constitute the Competing Business from the established customers of any 
member of the Partnership Group. Following the termination of employment 
and during the Restricted Period, the Employee may solicit the sale of 
goods, services or a combination of goods and services from the established 
customers of any member of the Partnership Group so long as such activities 
do not relate to a Competing Business.

(d)The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything 
in Section 5.3(b)(i) hereof, the Employee may own or hold, solely as 
passive investments, securities of Persons engaged in any business that 
would otherwise be included in Section 5.3(b)(i), as long as with respect 
to each such investment the securities held by the Employee do not exceed 
one percent (1%) of the outstanding securities of such Person and such 
securities are publicly traded and registered under Section 12 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”); 
provided, however, that the Employee shall not be permitted to, directly or 
indirectly, participate in, or attempt to influence, the management, 
direction or policies of (other than through the exercise of any voting 
rights held by the Employee in connection with such securities), or lend 
the Employee’s name to, any such Persons.

(e)The Employee acknowledges and agrees that, for purposes of this Section 
5.3, indirect acts by the Employee shall include, without limitation, an 
act by any entity directly or indirectly controlled by the Employee. 
Employee may not avoid the purpose and intent of this Section 5.3 by 
engaging in the restricted conduct within the Restricted Area from a remote 
location through means such as telecommunications, written correspondence, 
computer generated or assisted communications including, without 
limitation, email or the internet, or other similar methods.

(f)The Employee acknowledges that (i) the restrictive covenants contained 
in this Section 5.3 hereof are ancillary to and part of an otherwise 
enforceable agreement, such being the agreements concerning Confidential 
Information and other consideration as stated in this Agreement, (ii) at 
the time that these restrictive covenants are made, the limitations as to 
time, geographic scope and activity to be restrained, as described herein, 
are reasonable and do not impose a greater restraint than necessary to 
protect the goodwill and other legitimate business interests of the 
Partnership Group, including without limitation, Confidential Information 
(including trade secrets), client, customer and/or vendor relationships, 
client and/or customer goodwill and business productivity, (iii) in the 
event of termination of the Employee’s employment, the Employee’s

8
------------------------------------------------------------------------


experiences and capabilities are such that the Employee can obtain gainful 
employment without violating this Agreement and without the Employee 
incurring undue hardship, (iv) based on the relevant benefits and other new 
consideration provided for in this Agreement, including, without 
limitation, the disclosure and use of Confidential Information, the 
restrictive covenants of this Section 5.3, as applicable according to their 
terms, shall remain in full force and effect even in the event of the 
Employee’s involuntary termination from employment, with or without Cause, 
(v) the Employee has carefully read this Agreement and has given careful 
consideration to the restraints imposed upon the Employee by this Agreement 
and consents to the terms of the restrictive covenants in this Section 5.3
, with the knowledge that this Agreement may be terminated at any time in 
accordance with the provisions hereof and (vi) the restrictions set forth 
in this Section 5.3 are fair and reasonable in light of the nature and wide 
geographic scope of the Partnership Group’s operations, which occur 
throughout the Restricted Area and the Employee’s level of control over, 
contact with, and association, with the Partnership Group’s business 
throughout the Restricted Area.

5.4    Interpretation; Severability.

(a)The Employee has carefully considered the possible effects on the 
Employee of the covenants not to compete, the confidentiality provisions 
and the other obligations contained in this Agreement, and the Employee 
recognizes that the Company has made every effort to limit the restrictions 
placed upon the Employee to those that are reasonable and necessary to 
protect the Partnership Group’s legitimate business interests.

(b)The Employee acknowledges and agrees that the restrictive covenants set 
forth in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary in order to protect 
the Partnership Group’s valid business interests, including the assets and 
business acquired in the Transaction. It is the intention of the parties 
hereto that the covenants, provisions and agreements contained herein shall 
be enforceable to the fullest extent allowed by law. If any covenant, 
provision or agreement contained herein is found by a court having 
jurisdiction to be unreasonable in duration, scope or character of 
restrictions, or otherwise to be unenforceable, such covenant, provision or 
agreement shall not be rendered unenforceable thereby, but rather the 
duration, scope or character of restrictions of such covenant, provision or 
agreement shall be deemed reduced or modified with retroactive effect to 
render such covenant, provision or agreement reasonable or otherwise 
enforceable (as the case may be), and such covenant, provision or agreement 
shall be enforced as modified. If the court having jurisdiction will not 
review the covenant, provision or agreement, the parties hereto shall 
mutually agree to a revision having an effect as close as permitted by 
applicable law to the provision declared unenforceable. The parties hereto 
agree that if a court having jurisdiction determines, despite the express 
intent of the parties hereto, that any portion of the covenants, provisions 
or agreements contained herein are not enforceable, the remaining 
covenants, provisions and agreements herein shall be valid and enforceable. 
Moreover, to the extent that any provision is declared unenforceable, the 
Company shall have any and all rights under applicable statutes or common 
law to enforce its rights with respect to any and all Confidential 
Information or unfair competition by the Employee.

6.Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings:

      (a)An “Affiliate” of any specified Person means any other Person,
      whether now or hereafter existing, directly or indirectly controlling
      or controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with,
      such specified Person. For purposes hereof, “control” or any other
      form thereof, when used with respect to any Person, means the power
      to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or
      indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
      contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled”
      shall have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

(b)“Annual Bonus” means any annual bonus to which Employee is awarded and 
eligible to receive as contemplated by Section 3.2.

(c)“Competing Business” means any business that competes in any manner with 
the business or activities of any member of the Partnership Group as 
conducted from time to time during the Employment Period, including, 
without limitation, any enterprise that engages in, owns or operates any 
business that develops, markets, provides, manufactures, distributes, or 
sells any Competing Products or Competing Services.

(d)“Competing Products” means natural gas compressor packages and 
engine-driven crude oil pump packages, each as used in the petroleum 
industry.

(e)“Competing Service” means (i) the design, engineering, fabrication, 
sale, rental, transportation, operation, repair and maintenance of, or 
provision of services utilizing, natural gas compressor packages used in 
the petroleum industry, and (ii) the design, engineering and sale of, or 
the provision of services utilizing, engine-driven crude oil pump packages 
used in the petroleum industry.


9
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(f)“Confidential Information”

(i)Definition. “Confidential Information” means any and all material, 
information, ideas, inventions, formulae, patterns, compilations, programs, 
devices, methods, techniques, processes, know how, plans (marketing, 
business, strategic, technical or otherwise), arrangements, pricing and 
other data of or relating to any members of the Partnership Group (as well 
as their customers and/or vendors) that is confidential, proprietary or 
trade secret (A) by its nature, (B) based on how it is treated or 
designated by any member of the Partnership Group, (C) because the 
disclosure of which would have an adverse effect on the business or planned 
business of the Partnership Group and/or (D) as a matter of law. 
Confidential Information also includes all CSI Confidential Information.

(ii)Exclusions. Confidential Information does not include material, data, 
and/or information (A) that any member of the Partnership Group has 
voluntarily placed in the public domain, (B) that has been lawfully and 
independently developed and publicly disclosed by third parties, (C) that 
constitutes the general non-specialized knowledge and skills gained by the 
Employee during the Employment Period or (D) that otherwise enters the 
public domain through lawful means; provided, however, that the 
unauthorized appropriation, use or disclosure of Confidential Information 
by the Employee, directly or indirectly, shall not affect the protection 
and relief afforded by this Agreement regarding such information.

(iii)Inclusions. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, the 
following information (including without limitation, compilations or 
collections of information) relating or belonging to any member of the 
Partnership Group (as well as their clients, customers and/or vendors) and 
created, prepared, accessed, used or reviewed by the Employee during or 
after the Employment Period: (1) product and manufacturing information, 
such as manufacturing processes; (2) scientific and technical information, 
such as research and development, tests and test results, studies and 
analyses; (3) financial and cost information, such as operating and 
production costs, costs of goods sold, costs of supplies and manufacturing 
materials, financial statements and reports, profit and loss information, 
margin information and financial performance information; (4) customer 
related information, such as customer related contracts, engagement and 
scope of work letters, proposals and presentations, customer-related 
contacts, lists, identities and prospects, practices, plans, histories, 
requirements and needs, price information and information concerning client 
or customer products, services, businesses or equipment specifications; (5) 
vendor and supplier related information, such as the identities, practices, 
history or services of any vendors or suppliers and vendor or supplier 
contacts; (6) sales, marketing and price information, such as marketing and 
sales programs and related data, sales and marketing strategies and plans, 
sales and marketing procedures and processes, pricing methods, practices 
and techniques and pricing schedules and lists; (7) database, software and 
other computer related information, such as computer programs, data, 
compilations of information and records, software and computer files, 
presentation software and computer-stored or backed-up information 
including, but not limited to, e-mails, databases, word processed 
documents, spreadsheets, notes, schedules, task lists, images and video; 
(8) employee-related information, such as lists or directories identifying 
employees, representatives and contractors, and information regarding the 
competencies (knowledge, skill, experience), compensation and needs of 
employees, representatives and contractors and training methods; and (9) 
business- and operation-related information, such as operating methods, 
procedures, techniques, practices and processes, information about 
acquisitions, corporate or business opportunities, information about 
partners and potential investors, strategies, projections and related 
documents, contracts and licenses and business records, files, equipment, 
notebooks, documents, memoranda, reports, notes, sample books, 
correspondence, lists and other written and graphic business records.

(g)“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Security Act of 1974, as amended, 
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(h)“Misappropriate,” or any form thereof, means:

(i)the acquisition of any Confidential Information by a Person who knows or 
has reason to know that the Confidential Information was acquired by theft, 
bribery, misrepresentation, breach or inducement of a breach of a duty to 
maintain secrecy or espionage through electronic or other means (each, an “
Improper Means”); or

(ii)the disclosure or use of any Confidential Information without the 
express consent of the Company by a Person who (A) used Improper Means to 
acquire knowledge of the Confidential Information, (B) at the time of 
disclosure or use, knew or had reason to know that his or her knowledge of 
the Confidential Information was (x) derived from or through a Person who 
had utilized Improper Means to acquire it, (y) acquired under circumstances 
giving rise to a duty to maintain its secrecy or limit its use or (z) 
derived from or through a Person who owed a duty to any member of the 
Partnership Group to maintain its secrecy or limit its use or (C) before a 
material change of his or her position, knew or had reason to know that it 
was Confidential Information and that knowledge of it had been acquired by 
accident or mistake.


10
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(i)“Partnership Group” means the Company, the Partnership and its direct 
and indirect subsidiaries. Following the Effective Date, CSI shall be 
included in the Partnership Group.

(j)“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company, joint venture, association, business trust, joint-stock 
company, estate, trust, unincorporated organization, government or other 
agency or political subdivision thereof or any other legal or commercial 
entity.

(k)“Restricted Area” means (i) initially the States of Alabama, Arkansas, 
Arizona, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, 
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, West Virginia and Wyoming, the 
parishes of Louisiana listed on Exhibit B attached hereto, Argentina, 
Australia, Austria, Canada, China, Columbia, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, 
Mexico, Poland, Peru, Romania, Ukraine, and Venezuela, and (ii) shall also 
include such additional states, countries and territories in which the 
Partnership Group, during the Employment Period, engages in or operates a 
Competing Business.

(l)“Restricted Period” means a period equal to the remaining term of the 
Initial Employment Period as of the date of termination of employment; 
provided, that in the event an enforcement remedy is sought under Section 
5.3, the Restricted Period shall be extended by one day for each day the 
Employee failed to comply with the restriction at issue under Section 5.3.

(m)“Work Product” means all patents and patent applications, all 
inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, 
analyses, drawings, reports, creative works, discoveries, software, 
computer programs, modifications, enhancements, know-how, formulations, 
concepts and ideas, and all similar or related information (in each case 
whether or not patentable), all copyrights and copyrightable works, all 
trade secrets, confidential information, and all other intellectual 
property and intellectual property rights that are conceived, reduced to 
practice, developed or made by the Employee either alone or with others in 
the course of employment with the Company (including employment prior to 
the date of this Agreement).

7.Miscellaneous.

7.1    Non-Disparagement. The Employee agrees that during the Employment 
Period or at any time thereafter, the Employee will not make any 
statements, comments or communications in any form, oral, written or 
electronic to any customer, client or supplier of any member of the 
Partnership Group or to any other third party, which would constitute 
libel, slander or disparagement of such member of the Partnership Group, 
including, without limitation, any such statements, comments or 
communications that criticize, ridicule or are derogatory to any member of 
the Partnership Group; provided, however, that the terms of this Section 
7.1 shall not apply to communications between the Employee and, as 
applicable, the Employee’s attorneys or other persons with whom 
communications would be subject to a claim of privilege existing under 
common law, statute or rule of procedure. The Employee further agrees that 
the Employee will not in any way solicit or encourage any such statements, 
comments or communications from others.

7.2    Injunctive Relief.  The parties agree and acknowledge that money 
damages would not be sufficient remedy for any breach of Section 5 or 
Section 7.1 by the Employee, and the Company and the members of the 
Partnership Group shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of Section 5 
and Section 7.1 by terminating payments or benefits (including Severance 
Benefits) then or thereafter owing to the Employee under this Agreement and 
to specific performance and injunctive relief as remedies for such breach 
or any threatened breach. The remedies set forth in this Section 7.2 shall 
not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of Section 5 or Section 
7.1 and shall be in addition to all other remedies available, at law and in 
equity, including without limitation the recovery of damages from the 
Employee and his agents and the recovery of all attorney’s fees and costs 
incurred by the Company in obtaining any such relief or recovery.

7.3    Entire Agreement; Waiver.  This Agreement contains the entire 
agreement between the Employee and the Company with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior understandings or 
agreements, whether written or oral between the Employee and the Company. 
No modification or addition hereto or waiver or cancellation of any 
provision hereof shall be valid except by a writing signed by the party to 
be charged therewith. No delay on the part of any party to this Agreement 
in exercising any right or privilege provided hereunder or by law shall 
impair, prejudice or constitute a waiver of such right or privilege.

7.4    Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas without giving 
effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the 
State of Texas or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application 
of laws of any jurisdictions other than those of the State of Texas.


11
------------------------------------------------------------------------


7.5    Submission to Jurisdiction.  Each party hereto (a) submits to the 
jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in Harris County, Texas 
in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement 
(b) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be 
heard and determined in any such court, (c) waives any claim of 
inconvenient forum or other challenge to venue in such court, and (d) 
agrees not to bring any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement in any other court or forum.

7.6    Successors and Assigns; Binding Agreement.  The rights and 
obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, successors and 
permitted assigns. Successors of the Company who shall assume the Company’s 
rights and obligations hereunder include, but are not limited to, any 
successor by way of merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially 
all of the Company’s assets or equity interests. The Company may assign its 
rights and obligations under this Agreement to any other member of the 
Partnership Group without the prior consent of the Employee and such member 
of the Partnership Group shall succeed to the rights and obligations of the 
Company hereunder. This Agreement is a personal contract, and except as 
specifically set forth herein, this Agreement and the rights and interests 
of the parties hereto may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or 
hypothecated by any party without the prior written consent of the others.

7.7    Representation by Counsel; Independent Judgment.  Each of the 
parties hereto acknowledges that (a) such party has read this Agreement in 
its entirety and understands all of its terms and conditions, (b) such 
party has had the opportunity to consult with any individuals of its choice 
regarding its agreement to the provisions contained herein, including legal 
counsel of its choice, and any decision not to was such party’s alone and 
(c) such party is entering into this Agreement of its own free will, 
without coercion from any source, based upon its own independent judgment.

7.8    Interpretation.  The parties and their respective legal counsel 
actively participated in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement, 
and in the event of any ambiguity or mistake herein, or any dispute among 
the parties with respect to the provisions hereto, no provision of this 
Agreement shall be construed unfavorably against any of the parties on the 
ground that the party or the party’s counsel was the drafter thereof.

7.9    Survival.  The provisions of Sections 5 and 7 hereof, and those 
portions of this Agreement necessary to apply, enforce and interpret them, 
shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

7.10    Notices.  All notices and communications hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed properly given and effective when received, if 
sent by facsimile or telecopy, or by postage prepaid by registered or 
certified mail, return receipt requested, or by other delivery service 
which provides evidence of delivery, as follows:

                        If to the Company, to:


                        Compressco Partners GP Inc.
                        101 Park Avenue, Suite 1200
                        Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102
                        Attn: President

                        with a copy to:

                        TETRA Technologies, Inc.
                        24955 Interstate 45 North
                        The Woodlands, Texas 77380
                        Attn: General Counsel

                        If to the Employee, to:

                        Ronald J. Foster
                        1400 Kerry Lane
                        Edmond, Oklahoma 73034

or to such other address as one party may provide in writing to the other 
party from time to time.


7.11    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile 
transmission or other means of electronic transmission of any signed 
original document will be deemed the same as delivery of an original. At 
the request

12
------------------------------------------------------------------------


of any party, the parties will confirm facsimile transmission or other 
means of electronic transmission by signing a duplicate original document.

7.12    Captions.  Paragraph headings are for convenience only and shall 
not be considered a part of this Agreement.

7.13    Withholding.  The Employee authorizes the Company to make any 
deductions from Employee’s compensation hereunder that are necessary to 
comply with any federal, state or local laws on withholdings, to compensate 
for any property not returned, money owed by the Employee to the Company, 
or to recover advances made to the Employee.

7.14    No Guarantee of Tax Treatment.  The Company makes no representation 
or warranty, and undertakes no covenant, regarding any federal, state or 
local tax treatment of amounts or matters subject to this Agreement or any 
federal, state or local tax treatment applicable to or inapplicable to the 
Employee.

[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE]




13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement, 
intending it as a document under seal, to be effective for all purposes as 
of the Effective Date.



                                    COMPRESSCO PARTNERS GP INC.


                                    By: /s/Timothy A. Knox                 
                                              
                                    Name:    Timothy A. Knox               
                                            
                                    Title:    President                    
                                       



                                    EMPLOYEE


                                    /s/Ronald J. Foster                    
                                           
                                    Ronald J. Foster, Individually





Signature Page to Employment Agreement - Ronald J. Foster
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT A
TO
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

RELEASE AGREEMENT


This Release Agreement (“Release Agreement”) is entered into by and between 
Ronald J. Foster (“Employee”) and Compressco Partners GP Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), as follows:


WHEREAS, the Employee and the Company have entered into that certain 
Employment Agreement (the “Employment Agreement”) effective as of August 4, 
2014 which sets forth the terms and conditions of the Employee’s employment 
with the Company and further provides in Section 4 thereof that the 
Employee may be entitled to receive Severance Benefits upon the termination 
of the Employee’s employment under the circumstances as described in, and 
subject to the conditions of, Section 4 of the Employment Agreement; and


WHEREAS, the Employment Agreement contemplates that the Employee will 
execute and deliver to the Company this Release Agreement within fifty-five 
(55) days of a termination for which any Severance Benefits are payable (a 
“Qualifying Termination”), and the Employee and the Company desire to 
execute this Release Agreement to resolve all issues relating to the 
employment of the Employee by the Company.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set 
forth herein and in the Employment Agreement, the parties agree as follows:


1.    Definitions. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this 
Release Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Employment 
Agreement.


2.    Qualifying Termination Payments and Conditions.


(a)    The Employee and the Company acknowledge and agree that the date of 
Termination is _______________, 201__.


(b)    Subject to the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement, 
including the Employee’s execution and delivery of this Release Agreement 
and non-revocation of the ADEA Release contained herein, the Company agrees 
to pay or provide to the Employee the Severance Benefits as contemplated by 
Section 4 of the Employment Agreement in the manner set forth therein.


3.    General Release. In consideration of the benefits set forth herein 
and in the Employment Agreement, the Employee hereby fully, finally, and 
completely releases the Company, the Partnership and each other member of 
the Partnership Group, their Affiliates and their respective officers, 
directors, managers, control persons, employees, agents, representatives 
and assigns of any of them (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any 
and all liabilities, claims, actions, losses, expenses, demands, costs, 
fees, damages and/or causes of action, of whatever kind or character, 
whether now known or unknown (collectively, “Claims”), arising from, 
relating to, or in any way connected with, any facts or events occurring on 
or before the execution of this Release Agreement that he may have against 
any member of the Partnership Group or any Released Parties, including, but 
not limited to any such Claims arising out of or in any way related to the 
Employee’s employment with the Company, or any member of the Partnership 
Group, or the termination of such employment, including but not limited to, 
any violation of any federal, state or local statute, any breach of 
contract, any wrongful termination, or other tort or cause of action. The 
Employee confirms that this Release Agreement was neither procured by fraud 
nor signed under duress or coercion. Further, the Employee waives and 
releases the Released Parties from any Claims that this Release Agreement 
was procured by fraud or signed under duress or coercion so as to make the 
Release Agreement not binding. The Employee understands and agrees that by 
signing this Release Agreement, he is giving up the right to pursue any 
legal Claims released herein that he may currently have against the Company 
or any Released Parties, whether or not he is aware of such Claims, and 
specifically agrees and covenants not to bring any legal action for any 
Claims released herein. The only claims that are excluded from this Release 
Agreement are (i) Claims arising after the date of this Release Agreement, 
if any, including any future Claims relating to the Company’s performance 
of its obligations under Section 4 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) any 
claim for unemployment compensation, (iii) any claim for workers’ 
compensation benefits, and (iv) any vested, future benefits which the 
Employee is entitled to receive under any Company “employee benefit plan,” 
within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA.



A-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------


4.    ADEA Release. The Employee hereby completely and forever releases and 
irrevocably discharges the Released Parties, from any and all Claims 
arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”) on or 
before the date the Employee signs this Release Agreement (the “ADEA 
Release”), and hereby acknowledges and agrees that: (i) this Release 
Agreement, including the ADEA Release, was negotiated at arm’s length; (ii) 
this Release Agreement, including the ADEA Release, is worded in a manner 
that the Employee fully understands; (iii) the Employee specifically waives 
any rights or claims under the ADEA; (iv) the Employee knowingly and 
voluntarily agrees to all of the terms set forth in this Release Agreement, 
including the ADEA Release; (v) the Employee acknowledges and understands 
that any Claims under the ADEA that may arise after the date of this 
Release Agreement are not waived; (vi) the rights and claims waived in this 
Release Agreement, including the ADEA Release, are in exchange for 
consideration over and above anything to which the Employee was already 
entitled; (vii) the Employee has been and hereby is advised in writing to 
consult with an attorney prior to executing the Release Agreement, 
including the ADEA Release; (viii) the Employee acknowledges that he has 
been given a period of up to twenty-one (21) days from receipt of this 
Release Agreement to consider the ADEA Release prior to executing it and 
acknowledges and agrees that any change in the terms of this Release 
Agreement, whether material or immaterial, after the date that the Employee 
first receives this Release Agreement shall not affect or restart such 
twenty-one (21) day consideration period; and (ix) the Employee understands 
that he has been given a period of seven (7) days from the date of the 
execution of this Release Agreement to revoke the ADEA Release, and 
understands and acknowledges that the ADEA Release will not become 
effective or enforceable until the revocation period has expired. If the 
Employee elects to revoke this ADEA Release, revocation must be in writing 
and presented to [Name], [Title], Compressco Partners GP Inc., 101 Park 
Avenue, Suite 1200, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102, within seven (7) days 
from the date of the execution of the Release Agreement.


5.    Reaffirmation of Continuing Obligations. Nothing in this Release 
Agreement shall be deemed to affect or relieve the Employee from any 
continuing obligation contained in any other agreement with the Company or 
the Company’s rights with respect thereto. The Employee specifically 
acknowledges and reaffirms his continuing obligations to the Company under 
Section 5 and Section 7.1 of the Employment Agreement. The Employee further 
acknowledges that this reaffirmation is material to this Release Agreement, 
and the Employee acknowledges and agrees that his continuing obligations 
under Section 5 and Section 7.1 of the Employment Agreement are reasonable 
and enforceable and that he will not challenge or violate these covenants.


6.    Confidentiality. The Employee agrees to keep strictly confidential 
all information contained in, or relating to, this Release Agreement.


7.    Modification; Waiver. No modification or addition hereto or waiver or 
cancellation of any provision hereof shall be valid except by a writing 
signed by the party to be charged therewith. No delay on the part of any 
party to this Release Agreement in exercising any right or privilege 
provided hereunder or by law shall impair, prejudice or constitute a waiver 
of such right or privilege.


8.    Severability. If any provision contained in this Release Agreement is 
determined to be void, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, then 
the other provisions contained herein shall remain in full force and effect 
as if the provision which was determined to be void, illegal or 
unenforceable had not been contained herein.


9.    Fully Understood; Payments Received. By signing this Release 
Agreement, the Employee acknowledges and affirms that he has read and 
understands the foregoing Release Agreement, had the ability to consult 
with counsel, agreed to the terms of the Release Agreement, and 
acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Release Agreement. The Employee also 
hereby acknowledges and affirms the sufficiency of the Severance Benefits 
recited herein. The Employee further acknowledges that upon receipt of the 
Severance Benefits recited herein, he shall not be entitled to any further 
payment, compensation or remuneration of any kind from the Company or any 
other member of the Partnership Group, with respect to the Employee’s 
employment with the Company or otherwise.


10.    Miscellaneous. This Release Agreement shall be subject to the terms 
and provision of Article 7, excluding Section 7.3, of the Employment 
Agreement, which is incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis.


11.    Entire Agreement. This Release Agreement contains the entire 
agreement between the Employee and the Company and supersedes any and all 
prior understandings or agreements with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, whether written or oral, except as set forth herein and with 
respect to any of the Employee’s continuing obligations contained elsewhere 
(including, but not limited to, those contained in the Employment 
Agreement), which shall continue and remain in full force and effect per 
the terms of those covenants.




A-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------



COMPRESSCO PARTNERS GP INC.


By:
Its:
Date:
 
RONALD J. FOSTER


___________________________________

Date:
 
 
 






A-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT B
TO
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT




      Louisiana Parishes:

      Acadia
      Allen
      Avonyelles
      Beauregard
      Bienville
      Bossier
      Caddo
      Calcasieu
      Caldwell
      Cameron
      Claiborne
      Concordia
      Desoto
      East Ouachita
      Iberia
      Jackson
      Jefferson
      Jefferson Davis
      Lafayette
      Lafourche
      Lasalle
      Lincoln
      Orleans
      Red River
      Sabine
      St. Martin
      Union
      Vermillion
      Webster
      West Ouachita



B-1