 EX-10.2 3 d819425dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of the 10
th day of November, 2014 (the Effective Date), by and between Caesars 
Enterprise Services, LLC, with offices at One Caesars Palace Drive, Las 
Vegas, Nevada (together with its successors and assigns, the Company) and 
Eric Hession (Executive).

1. Term of Employment. The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive under 
this Agreement, and Executive hereby accepts such employment, for the Term 
of Employment. The Term of Employment shall commence as of January 1, 2015 
(the Start Date), and shall end on the fourth (4th) anniversary of the 
Start Date, unless terminated earlier by either party in accordance with 
Section 7 of this Agreement; provided that, on the fourth anniversary of 
the Start Date and each anniversary of the Start Date thereafter, the 
employment period shall be extended by one year unless, at least six (6) 
months prior to such anniversary, the Company or Employee delivers a 
written notice (a Notice of Non-Renewal) to the other party that the 
employment period shall not be so extended (the Initial Term as from time 
to time extended or renewed, the Employment Term).

2. Position, Duties, and Responsibilities.

(a) During the Term of Employment, Executive shall serve as the Executive 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, reporting to the 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer of the Company or such other 
party designated by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO), 
and shall perform such lawful duties as are specified from time to time by 
the Company.

(b) During the Term of Employment, Executive shall perform his duties 
faithfully and to the best of his abilities and shall devote all of his 
business time and attention, on a full time basis (except as otherwise 
expressly permitted herein), to the business and affairs of the Company and 
shall use his best efforts to advance the best interests of the Company and 
shall comply with all of the policies of the Company, including, without 
limitation, such policies with respect to legal compliance, conflicts of 
interest, confidentiality, insider trading, code of conduct and business 
ethics, and other employment-related policies as are from time to time in 
effect (collectively, and as amended or modified from time to time by the 
Company, the Policies).

(c) During the Term of Employment, Executive hereby agrees that his 
services will be rendered exclusively to the Company, and Executive shall 
not, except as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, directly or 
indirectly, render services to, or otherwise act in a business or 
professional capacity on behalf of or for the benefit of, any other Person 
(as defined below), whether as an employee, advisor, member of a board or 
similar governing body, sole proprietor, independent contractor, agent, 
consultant, volunteer, intern, representative, or otherwise, whether or not 
compensated. With respect to the positions listed on Exhibit A attached 
hereto, Executive may engage in such activities so long as such activities 
do not interfere with the proper performance of his duties and 
responsibilities hereunder and/or otherwise conflict with any of the 
Policies of the Company or otherwise violate the terms of this Agreement. 
During the Term of Employment, Executive further agrees that he shall not 
seek, solicit, or otherwise look for employment (whether as an employee, 
consultant, or otherwise) with any other Person (as defined below).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after the date of execution of this 
Agreement Executive wishes to render services to, or otherwise act in a 
business or professional capacity on behalf of or for the benefit of, any 
other Person (as defined below), whether as an employee, advisor, member of 
a board or similar governing body, sole proprietor, independent contractor, 
agent, consultant, volunteer, intern, representative, or otherwise, whether 
or not compensated, Executive may do so only upon obtaining written 
permission of his direct supervisor, and subject to all of the remaining 
provisions herein.

(e) Executives services hereunder shall be performed by Executive in the 
Companys principal executive offices located in Clark County, Nevada or 
such other location as serves as Executives primary office; provided, 
that, Executive may be required to travel for business purposes during the 
Term of Employment.

(f) Upon expiration of the Term of Employment, the delivery of a Notice of 
Non-Renewal or the termination of Executives employment for any reason, 
upon the request of the Board or its designee, Executive shall be deemed to 
have resigned, in writing, from any positions he then holds with the 
Company and any of its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, including membership on 
any Company, Subsidiary or Affiliate boards unless otherwise determined by 
the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) an Affiliate of the 
Company or any other Person (as defined below) shall mean a Person that 
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
control with, the Person specified; (ii) a Subsidiary of any Person shall 
mean any Person of which such Person owns, directly or indirectly, more 
than half of the equity ownership interests (measured either by value or by 
ability to elect or control the board of directors or other governing 
body); and (iii) a Person or person means any individual, partnership, 
limited partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, estate, 
cooperative, association, organization, proprietorship, firm, joint 
venture, joint stock company, syndicate, company, committee, government or 
governmental subdivision or agency, or other entity, in each case, whether 
or not for profit.

3. Base Salary. During the Term of Employment, the Company shall pay 
Executive an annualized base salary of $700,000, minus applicable 
deductions and withholdings (Base Salary), payable in accordance with the 
regular payroll practices applicable to senior executives of the Company. 
During the Term of Employment, the Base Salary shall be subject to annual 
review by the Company, in its sole discretion, for possible increase and 
any such increased Base Salary shall constitute Base Salary for purposes 
of this Agreement. Executive shall not be entitled to receive any 
additional consideration for service during the Term of Employment as a 
member of the Board or the board of any of the Companys Subsidiaries or 
Affiliates.

4. Bonus. During the Term of Employment, Executive shall participate in the 
Companys annual incentive bonus program(s) applicable to Executives 
position (the AIP) and be eligible to receive a bonus (the Bonus) based 
upon the achievement of performance objectives as determined by the Board. 
The Bonus, if any, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of the AIP; 
provided, that, the Bonus shall not be considered earned for any purpose 
unless
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Executive is still employed by the Company on (and has not given or 
received a Notice of Termination (as defined below) prior to) the payment 
date. While payout of the bonus shall be discretionary under the terms 
described above, Executive shall have an annual bonus target of 75% of base 
salary.

5. Claw-Back. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the 
contrary, amounts payable hereunder shall be subject to claw-back or 
disgorgement, to the extent applicable, under (A) the Policies or any 
clawback policy adopted by the Company, (B) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street 
Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended, and rules, regulations, and 
binding, published guidance thereunder, which legislation provides for the 
clawback and recovery of incentive compensation in the event of certain 
financial statement restatements and (C) the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002. If 
pursuant to Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the Act), the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates) would 
not be eligible for continued listing, if applicable, under Section 10D(a) 
of the Act if it (or they) did not adopt policies consistent with Section 
10D(b) of the Act, then, in accordance with those policies that are so 
required, any incentive-based compensation payable to Executive under this 
Agreement or otherwise shall be subject to claw-back in the circumstances, 
to the extent, and in the manner, required by Section 10D(b)(2) of the Act, 
as interpreted by rules of the Securities Exchange Commission. Nothing in 
this provision is intended to supersede any existing or future clawback 
provision adopted or amended by the company, including, but not limited to 
the provision set forth in the Companys Omnibus Incentive Plan.

6. Other Benefits.

(a) Employee Benefits. During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be 
entitled to participate in such employee benefit plans and insurance 
programs made available generally to employees of the Company, or which it 
may adopt from time to time, for its employees, in accordance with the 
eligibility requirements for participation therein. Nothing herein shall be 
construed as a limitation on the ability of the Company to adopt, amend, or 
terminate any such plans, policies, or programs.

(b) Vacations. During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be entitled 
to five weeks of paid vacation per year to be accrued and taken in 
accordance with the normal vacation policies of the Company.

(c) Reimbursement of Business and Other Expenses. During the Term of 
Employment, Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses in 
carrying out his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, and the 
Company shall promptly reimburse him for all such expenses, subject to 
documentation and subject to the policies of the Company relating to 
expense reimbursement.

(d) D&O Insurance. During the Term of Employment, if applicable, the 
Company shall provide Executive with Directors and Officers indemnification 
insurance coverage in accordance with the terms of the Companys policies 
as in effect from time to time, which policies may be subject to change 
during the Term of Employment.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Termination of Employment. Executives employment hereunder may be 
terminated prior to the end of the Term of Employment under the following 
circumstances, and any such termination shall not be, nor be deemed to be, 
a breach of this Agreement:

(a) Death. Executives employment hereunder shall terminate upon 
Executives death.

(b) Disability. The Company shall have the right to terminate Executives 
employment hereunder for Disability (as defined below). Disability shall 
mean Executives inability to perform his duties hereunder on a full-time 
basis for a period of ninety (90) days during any three hundred sixty-five 
(365) day period, as a result of physical or mental incapacity as 
determined by a medical doctor reasonably selected in good faith by the 
Company. Any action taken pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall be in 
accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act.

(c) For Cause. The Company shall have the right to terminate Executives 
employment for Cause. Upon the reasonable belief by the Company that 
Executive has committed an act (or has failed to act in a manner) which 
constitutes Cause, the Company may immediately suspend Executive from his 
duties herein and bar him from its premises during the Companys 
investigation of such acts (or failures to act) and any such suspension 
shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement by the Company and/or 
otherwise provide Executive a right to terminate his employment for Good 
Reason (the Investigation Period); provided, however, that the Company 
shall have the right to terminate Executives employment for Cause 
immediately and nothing in this Agreement shall require the Company to 
provide an Investigation Period or otherwise provide advance notice of 
termination for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean 
(i) Executives commission or guilty plea or plea of no contest to a felony 
or a misdemeanor (or its equivalent under applicable law), (ii) conduct by 
Executive that constitutes fraud or embezzlement, or any acts of dishonesty 
in relation to his duties with the Company, (iii) Executives negligence, 
bad faith, or misconduct which causes either reputational or economic harm 
to the Company or its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates as determined by the 
Company in its sole discretion, (iv) Executives refusal or failure to 
perform Executives duties hereunder as determined by the Company in its 
sole discretion, (v) Executives refusal or failure to perform any 
reasonable directive of the Company, (vi) Executives knowing 
misrepresentation of any material fact that the Company reasonably 
requests, (vii) Executive being found unsuitable for, or having been 
denied, a gaming license, or having such license revoked by a gaming 
regulatory authority in any jurisdiction in which the Company, Caesars 
Entertainment Corporation, or any of their respective Subsidiaries or 
Affiliates conducts operations, (viii) Executives violation, as determined 
by the Company, of any securities or employment laws or regulations, or 
(ix) Executives breach of his obligations under this Agreement or the 
Policies as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

(d) Without Cause. The Company shall have the right to terminate 
Executives employment hereunder without Cause, at any time and for any 
reason or no reason, by providing Executive with a Notice of Termination.

(e) By Executive. Executive shall have the right to terminate his 
employment hereunder without Good Reason (as defined below) by providing 
the Company with a Notice of
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Termination at least thirty (30) days prior to such termination. Executive 
also shall have the right to terminate his employment hereunder with Good 
Reason as set forth herein. For purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall 
have Good Reason to terminate his employment if, (i) within thirty (30) 
days after he knows (or has reason to know) of the occurrence of any of the 
following events, Executive provides written notice to the Company 
requesting that it cure such events, (ii) the Company fails to cure, if 
curable, such events within sixty (60) days following such notice, and, 
(iii) within ten (10) days after the expiration of such cure period, 
Executive provides the Company with a Notice of Termination: (A) a material 
reduction in Executives Base Salary other than a reduction that applies to 
a similarly situated class of employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries 
or Affiliates; (B) a material diminution in Executives duties or 
responsibilities for a period of more than forty-five (45) days (not 
including any Investigation Period); or (C) a material breach by the 
Company of any of its material obligations to the Executive under this 
Agreement.

(f) Due to Expiration of the Term of Employment. The Term of Employment 
shall terminate upon the expiration of the then current Term of Employment 
in the event that either Party delivers a Notice of Non-Renewal to the 
other Party in accordance with Section 1 of this Agreement.

8. Termination Procedure.

(a) Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executives employment by the 
Company or by Executive during the Term of Employment (other than 
termination pursuant to Section 7(a)), including a Notice of Non-Renewal 
pursuant to Section 1, shall be communicated by written Notice of 
Termination in accordance with Section 15 hereof. For purposes of this 
Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a notice which shall 
indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon 
and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances 
claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executives employment under 
the provision so indicated.

(b) Date of Termination. Date of Termination shall mean (i) if 
Executives employment is terminated by his death, the date of his death, 
(ii) if Executives employment is terminated pursuant to Section 7(b), 
fifteen (15) days after Notice of Termination is delivered to Executive, 
(iii) if Executives employment is terminated by a Notice of Non-Renewal 
pursuant to Section 1, the last day of the then current Term of Employment 
(which shall be at least sixty (60) days after such Notice of Non-Renewal 
is delivered); and (iv) if Executives employment is terminated for any 
other reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or any 
later date set forth in such notice (but within ninety (90) days after the 
giving of such notice); provided, however, that the notice period for a 
termination by Executive without Good Reason shall be at least thirty (30) 
days after the giving of such Notice of Termination.

9. Compensation Upon Termination. In the event Executives employment 
terminates prior to the expiration of the Term of Employment, the Company 
shall provide Executive with the payments and benefits set forth below. The 
payments described herein shall be in lieu of any other severance or 
termination benefits that Executive may otherwise have been eligible to 
receive under any severance policy, plan, or program maintained by the 
Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or as otherwise mandated by law. 
To the extent that the Company
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and/or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates are required to pay Executive 
severance or termination pay under any such severance policy, plan, 
program, or applicable law, the amounts payable hereunder shall be reduced, 
but not below zero, on a dollar for dollar basis.

(a) Termination for Cause, Without Good Reason, or upon Expiration of the 
Term of Employment. If Executives employment is terminated by the Company 
for Cause, by Executive without Good Reason, or upon expiration of the Term 
of Employment:

(i) within ten (10) business days following such termination, the Company 
shall pay to Executive any unpaid Base Salary earned through the Date of 
Termination;

(ii) within thirty (30) days following such termination, the Company shall 
reimburse Executive pursuant to Section 6(c) for reasonable expenses 
incurred but not paid prior to such termination of employment; and

(iii) the Company shall provide to Executive other or additional benefits 
(if any), in accordance with the then-applicable terms of any 
then-applicable plan, program, agreement or other arrangement of any of the 
Company, or of any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, in which Executive 
participates (the rights described in sub-clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) are 
collectively referred to as the Accrued Obligations). Thereafter, the 
Company shall have no further obligation under this Agreement or otherwise 
to Executive or Executives legal representatives or estate except as 
required by any applicable law.

(b) Death. If Executives employment is terminated due to his death during 
the Term of Employment, Executive or his beneficiary, legal representative, 
or estate shall receive the Accrued Obligations. Thereafter, the Company 
shall have no further obligation under this Agreement to Executive or 
Executives beneficiaries, legal representatives or estate except as 
otherwise required by applicable law.

(c) Termination Without Cause, For Good Reason, or for Disability. In the 
event that Executives employment under this Agreement is terminated by the 
Company without Cause under Section 7(d) of this Agreement, by Executive 
with Good Reason under Section 7(e) of this Agreement, or for Disability 
during the Term of Employment, the Company shall pay or provide to 
Executive the Accrued Obligations and, subject to Executives signing a 
separation agreement and release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B 
(with such changes as may be necessary due to applicable law) (the 
Release) within twenty-one (21) days or forty-five (45) days, whichever 
period is applicable under the ADEA (as defined in Exhibit B) following the 
Date of Termination, and not revoking the Release within seven (7) days of 
signing it, the Company shall pay to Executive a severance amount equal to 
his monthly rate of Base Salary (i.e., 1/12 of his annual rate of Base 
Salary) for each of eighteen (18) months (the Severance Period) 
commencing on the sixtieth (60th) day following the Date of Termination, in 
accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices; provided, that, 
the Company may cease making the payments under this Section 9(c) (in 
addition to asserting any other rights it may have in law
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of equity) (i) if Executive is in breach of any of his obligations under 
Section 10 of this Agreement and Executive has failed to cure such breach, 
if curable, within ten (10) days following the Boards notice to Executive 
of such breach; or (2) if Executive is in breach of any of the terms of the 
Release. If applicable, Employee will be entitled to receive the benefits 
set forth on Exhibit C hereto during the Severance Period. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if Executives employment is terminated under this Section 
9.(c) within the first twelve (12) months after the Start Date, the 
Severance Period shall be reduced from eighteen (18) months to twelve (12) 
months (the Reduced Severance Period), and the Company shall pay to 
Executive a severance amount equal to his monthly rate of Base Salary 
(i.e., 1/12 of his annual rate of Base Salary) for each month of the 
Reduced Severance Period, subject to all conditions set forth above.

(d) Offset. In the event of any termination of Executives employment under 
this Agreement, the Company is specifically authorized to offset against 
amounts due to Executive under this Agreement or otherwise on account of 
any claim that any of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates 
may have against Executive. In addition, Executive shall be under a 
specific obligation to seek other employment and mitigate the obligations 
of the Company under this Section 9, it being understood that Executives 
compliance with Section 10 of this Agreement shall not relieve his 
obligations under this clause (d).

10. Restrictive Covenants and Confidentiality.

(a) Acknowledgments. Executive acknowledges that: (i) as a result of 
Executives employment by the Company, Executive has obtained and will 
obtain Confidential Information (as defined below); (ii) the Confidential 
Information has been developed and created by the Company and its 
Subsidiaries and Affiliates at substantial expense and the Confidential 
Information constitutes valuable proprietary assets of the Company; (iii) 
the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates will suffer substantial 
damage and irreparable harm which will be difficult to compute if, during 
the Term of Employment or thereafter, Executive should engage in or assist 
a Competitive Business (as defined herein) in violation of the provisions 
of this Agreement; (iv) the nature of the Companys and its Subsidiaries 
and Affiliates business is such that it can be conducted anywhere in the 
world and is not limited to a geographic scope or region; (v) the Company 
and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates will suffer substantial damage which 
will be difficult to compute if, during the Term of Employment or 
thereafter, Executive should solicit or interfere with the Companys or its 
Subsidiaries or Affiliates employees, clients, or customers or should 
divulge Confidential Information relating to the business of the Company or 
its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; (vi) the provisions of this Agreement are 
reasonable and necessary for the protection of the business of the Company 
and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates; (vii) the Company would not have hired 
or continued to employ Executive or grant the benefits contemplated under 
this Agreement unless Executive agreed to be bound by the terms hereof; and 
(viii) the provisions of this Agreement will not preclude Executive from 
other gainful employment following his termination from the Company. 
Competitive Business as used in this Agreement shall mean any business 
which competes, directly or indirectly, with the Companys or its 
Subsidiaries or Affiliates business of operating, managing, or providing 
goods or services to casinos, casino/resorts, casino/hotels, internet 
gaming, other gaming venture or entity, or any other material business 
line(s) engaged in by the Company of any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates 
as of the Date of Termination. Confidential Information as used in
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
this Agreement shall mean any and all confidential and/or proprietary 
knowledge, data, or information of the Company or any Subsidiary or 
Affiliate, including, without limitation, any: (A) food and beverage 
procedures, recipes, finances, financial management systems, player 
identification systems (Total Rewards), pricing systems, organizational 
charts, salary and benefit programs, or training programs, (B) trade 
secrets, drawings, inventions, methodologies, mask works, ideas, processes, 
formulas, source or object codes, data, programs, software source 
documents, data, film, audio and digital recordings, works of authorship, 
know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs or techniques, 
intellectual property or other work product of the Company or any 
Affiliate, whether or not patentable or registrable under trademark, 
copyright, patent, or similar laws; (C) information regarding plans for 
research, development, new service offerings and/or products, marketing, 
advertising, and selling, distribution, business plans, business forecasts, 
budgets, and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices, costs, 
suppliers, customers, or distribution arrangements; (D) non-public 
information regarding and collected from employees, suppliers, customers, 
clients, suppliers, vendors, agents, and/or independent contractors of the 
Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate; (E) concepts and ideas relating to 
the development and distribution of content in any medium or to the 
current, future, or proposed business opportunities, products or services 
of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate; or (F) any other 
information, data, or the like that is designated as confidential or 
treated as confidential by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or 
Affiliates.

(b) Confidentiality. In consideration of the compensation and other items 
of benefit provided for in this Agreement, Executive agrees not to, at any 
time, either during the Term of Employment or thereafter, divulge, post, 
use, publish, or in any other manner reveal, directly or indirectly, to any 
person, firm, corporation or any other form of business organization or 
arrangement and keep in the strictest confidence any Confidential 
Information, except (i) as may be necessary to the performance of 
Executives duties hereunder, (ii) with the express written consent of the 
Companys CEO or General Counsel, (iii) to the extent that any such 
information is in or becomes in the public domain other than as a result of 
Executives breach of any of obligations hereunder, or (iv) where required 
to be disclosed by court order, subpoena or other government process and in 
such event, provided that Executive notifies the Company in writing in 
accordance with Section 14 below within three (3) days of receiving such 
order, subpoena, or process, cooperates with the Company in seeking an 
appropriate protective order and in attempting to keep such information 
confidential to the maximum extent possible. Executive agrees to promptly 
deliver to the Company the originals and all copies, in whatever medium, of 
all such Confidential Information in his possession, custody or control.

(c) Non-Compete. In consideration of the compensation and other items of 
benefit provided for in this Agreement, Executive covenants and agrees that 
during the Term of Employment and for a period of eighteen (18) months 
following the Date of Termination of his employment for any reason, or from 
the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a judgment enforcing this 
Section, whichever of the foregoing is last to occur (the Restricted 
Period), he will not, for himself, or in conjunction with any other Person 
(whether as a shareholder, partner, member, principal, agent, lender, 
director, officer, manager, trustee, representative, employee, intern, 
volunteer, consultant, or in another capacity), directly or indirectly, be 
employed by, provide services to, or in any way be connected, associated, 
or have any ownership or other interest in, or give advice or consultation 
to, any Competitive Business. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, this Section 10(c) shall not prevent Executive from: (i) 
acquiring
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
securities representing not more than 1% of the outstanding voting 
securities of any entity the securities of which are traded on a national 
securities exchange or in the over the counter market; or (ii) obtaining 
employment in the hotel/resort industry for an entity that does not engage 
in the casino/gaming business so long as Executive does not otherwise 
breach any provision of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
Executives employment is terminated under Section 9(c) within the first 
twelve (12) months immediately following the Start Date, the Restricted 
Period shall be reduced from eighteen (18) months to twelve (12) months.

(d) Non-Solicitation of Employees. In consideration of the compensation and 
other items of benefit provided for in this Agreement, Executive covenants 
and agrees that during the Term of Employment and for a period of eighteen 
(18) months following the Date of Termination of his employment for any 
reason, or from the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a 
judgment enforcing this Section, whichever of the foregoing is last to 
occur, Executive shall not, without the prior written permission of the 
Companys CEO or General Counsel, directly or indirectly (i) solicit, 
employ, or retain, or have or assist any other person or entity to solicit, 
employ, or retain, any person who is (A) employed by or providing services 
to the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or (B) was employed by or 
providing services to the Company (in any capacity) at the time of 
Executives termination of employment or at any time within the eighteen 
(18) month period before or after Executives termination of employment, or 
(ii) encourage, assist, entice, request and/or directly or indirectly cause 
any employee or consultant of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates 
to breach or threaten to breach any terms of such employees or 
consultants agreements with the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates 
or to terminate his or her employment with the Company or its Subsidiaries 
or Affiliates.

(e) Non-Solicitation of Clients and Customers. In consideration of the 
compensation and other items of benefit provided for in this Agreement, 
Executive covenants and agrees that during the Term of Employment and for a 
period of eighteen (18) months following the termination of Executives 
employment for any reason, or from the entry by a court of competent 
jurisdiction of a judgment or any appeal thereon, whichever of the 
foregoing is last to occur, he will not, for himself, or in conjunction 
with any other Person (whether as a shareholder, partner, member, lender, 
principal, agent, director, officer, manager, trustee, representative, 
employee, consultant or in another capacity), directly or indirectly: (i) 
solicit, engage or accept any business or services from any Person who, to 
Executives knowledge, was an existing or prospective customer, client, 
supplier, or vendor of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates at the 
time of, or at the time during the eighteen (18) months preceding, his 
termination of employment; or (ii) request or cause any of the Companys or 
its Subsidiaries or Affiliates clients, customers, suppliers, or vendors 
to cancel, terminate, reduce or otherwise interfere with any business 
relationship with the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

(f) Post-Employment Property. The Parties agree that any work of 
authorship, invention, design, discovery, development, technique, 
improvement, source code, hardware, device, data, apparatus, practice, 
process, method, or other work product whatever (whether patentable or 
subject to copyright, or not, and hereinafter collectively called 
discovery) that Executive, either solely or in collaboration with others, 
has conceived, created, made, discovered, invented, developed, perfected, 
or reduced to practice during the term of his employment, whether or not 
during regular business hours or on the Companys or any
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subsidiaries and Affiliates premises, shall be the sole and complete 
property of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. More 
particularly, and without limiting the foregoing, Executive agrees that all 
of the foregoing and any (i) inventions (whether patentable or not, and 
without regard to whether any patent therefor is ever sought); (ii) marks, 
names, or logos (whether or not registrable as trade or service marks, and 
without regard to whether registration therefor is ever sought); (iii) 
works of authorship (without regard to whether any claim of copyright 
therein is ever registered); and (iv) trade secrets, ideas, and concepts 
(subsections (i) - (iv) collectively, Intellectual Property Products) 
created, conceived, or prepared on the Companys or its Subsidiaries and 
Affiliates premises or otherwise, whether or not during normal business 
hours or on the Companys premises, and related to the Companys business, 
shall perpetually and throughout the world be the exclusive property of the 
Company and/or its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, as shall all tangible media 
(including, but not limited to, papers, computer media, and digital and 
cloud-based of all types and models) in which such Intellectual Property 
Products shall be recorded or otherwise fixed. Upon termination of 
Executives employment with the Company for any reason whatsoever, and at 
any earlier time the Company so requests, Executive will immediately 
deliver to the custody of the person designated by the CEO or General 
Counsel of the Company all originals and copies of any documents and other 
property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates in 
Executives possession or under Executives custody or control.

(g) Works for hire. Executive agrees that all works of authorship created 
in whole or in part by Executive during his engagement by the Company shall 
be works made for hire of which the Company or its Subsidiaries and 
Affiliates is the author and owner of copyright. To the extent that any 
competent decision-making authority should ever determine that any work of 
authorship created by Executive during his engagement by the Company is not 
a work made for hire, Executive hereby assigns all right, title, and 
interest in the copyright therein, in perpetuity and throughout the world, 
to the Company. To the extent that this Agreement does not otherwise serve 
to grant or otherwise vest in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or 
Affiliates all rights in any Intellectual Property Product created in whole 
or in part by Executive during his engagement by the Company, Executive 
hereby assigns all right, title, and interest therein, in perpetuity and 
throughout the world, to the Company. Executive agrees to execute, 
immediately upon the Companys reasonable request and without any 
additional compensation, any further assignments, applications, conveyances 
or other instruments, at any time after execution of this Agreement, 
whether or not Executive remains employed by the Company at the time such 
request is made, in order to permit the Company, its Subsidiaries and 
Affiliates, and/or their respective successors and assigns to protect, 
perfect, register, record, maintain, or enhance their rights in any 
Intellectual Property Product; provided, that, the Company shall bear the 
cost of any such assignments, applications, or consequences.

(h) Non-Disparagement. Executive agrees that he will not defame, denigrate, 
or publicly criticize the services, plans, methodologies, business, 
integrity, veracity or personal or professional reputation of the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or their respective officers, 
directors, partners, executives, or agents in either a professional or 
personal manner at any time during or following the Term of Employment.

(i) Enforcement. If Executive commits a breach of any of the provisions of 
this Section 10, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have the 
provisions specifically
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed 
by Executive that he possesses considerable Confidential Information and 
that the services being rendered hereunder are of a special, unique, and 
extraordinary character and that any such breach will cause irreparable 
injury to the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and that money 
damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company or its 
Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Such right and remedy shall be in addition to, 
and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company 
and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, at law or in equity. Accordingly, 
Executive consents to the issuance of a temporary and/or preliminary 
injunction, in aid of arbitration, consistent with the terms of this 
Agreement.

(j) Modification/Blue Pencil. If, at any time, a reviewing court of 
appropriate jurisdiction called upon to issue an injunction in accordance 
with Section 10(i) finds any of the provisions of this Section 10 to be 
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, by reason of being vague 
or unreasonable as to area, duration, or scope of activity, this Agreement 
shall be considered divisible and such court shall have authority to modify 
or blue pencil this Agreement to cover only such area, duration, and scope 
as shall be determined to be reasonable and enforceable by the court. 
Executive and the Company agree that this Agreement, as so amended, shall 
be valid and binding as though any invalid or unenforceable provision had 
not been included herein.

(k) EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS SECTION 10 AND 
HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW ITS PROVISIONS WITH ANY ADVISORS AS HE 
CONSIDERED NECESSARY, AND THAT EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THIS AGREEMENTS 
CONTENTS AND SIGNIFIES SUCH UNDERSTANDING AND AGREEMENT BY SIGNING BELOW.

11. Assignability; Binding Nature. The rights and benefits of Executive 
hereunder shall not be assignable, whether by voluntary or involuntary 
assignment or transfer by Executive or otherwise. This Agreement shall be 
binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors and assigns of 
the Company, and the heirs, beneficiaries, executors, and administrators of 
Executive, and shall be assignable by the Company only to any entity 
acquiring substantially all of the assets of the Company, whether by 
merger, consolidation, sale of assets or similar transactions. In the event 
of such an assignment, Executive shall receive $1,000, subject to 
applicable deductions and withholding taxes, in addition to Executives 
compensation hereunder as additional consideration for such assignment.

12. Representations. Executive represents and warrants to the Company, and 
Executive acknowledges that the Company has relied on such representations 
and warranties in employing Executive, that neither Executives duties as 
an employee of the Company nor his performance in accordance with the terms 
of this Agreement will breach any other obligations of Executive, including 
under any other agreement to which Executive is a party, including, without 
limitation, any agreement limiting the use or disclosure of any information 
acquired by Executive prior to his employment by the Company. Executive 
represents and warrants that he has not willfully or knowingly 
misrepresented or withheld any material fact that the Company would 
reasonably need to make an informed decision regarding an offer of 
employment to Executive. In addition, Executive represents and warrants and 
acknowledges that the Company has relied on such representations and 
warranties in employing Executive, and that he has not entered into, and 
will not enter into, any agreement, either oral or written, in conflict 
herewith.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. Litigation And Regulatory Cooperation. During the Term of Employment 
and continuing thereafter upon termination of employment, Executive shall 
reasonably cooperate with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates 
in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or 
that may be brought or threatened in the future against or on behalf of any 
of the Company, its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, divisions, successors, and 
assigns, about which the Company believes Executive may have relevant 
information. Executives cooperation in connection with such claims or 
actions shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with 
counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf 
of the Company, its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors and assigns at 
mutually convenient times. Executive also shall cooperate fully with the 
Company in connection with any investigation or review by any federal, 
state, or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review 
relates to events or occurrences that transpired while Executive was 
employed by the Company; provided, that, the Company will reimburse 
Executive for his reasonable travel expenses incurred with respect to such 
cooperation.

14. Resolution of Disputes. Any dispute arising in connection with the 
validity, interpretation, enforcement, or breach of this Agreement or 
arising out of Executives employment or termination of employment with the 
Company; under any statute, regulation, ordinance or the common law; or 
otherwise arising between Executive, on the one hand, and the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, on the other hand, the Parties, 
shall (except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 10(i) with 
respect to certain requests for injunctive relief) be submitted to binding 
arbitration before the American Arbitration Association (AAA) for 
resolution. Such arbitration shall be conducted in Las Vegas, Nevada, and 
the arbitrator will apply Nevada law, including federal law as applied in 
Nevada courts. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the 
AAAs Employment Arbitration Rules, as modified by the terms set forth in 
this Agreement. The arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator, 
who shall be an attorney who specializes in the field of employment law and 
shall have prior experience arbitrating employment disputes. The Company 
will pay the fees and costs of the Arbitrator and/or the AAA, except that 
Executive will be responsible for paying the applicable filing fee not to 
exceed the fee that Executive would otherwise pay to file a lawsuit 
asserting the same claim in court. The arbitrator shall not have the 
authority to modify the terms of this Agreement except to the extent that 
the Agreement violates any governing statue, in which case the arbitrator 
may modify the Agreement solely as necessary to not conflict with such 
statute. The Arbitrator shall have the authority to award any remedy or 
relief that could a court of the State of Nevada or federal court located 
in the State of Nevada could grant in conformity with the applicable law on 
the basis of claims actually made in the arbitration. The Arbitrator shall 
render an award and written opinion which shall set forth the factual and 
legal basis for the award. The award of the arbitrator shall be final and 
binding on the Parties, and judgment on the award may be confirmed and 
entered in any state or federal court located in Clark County, Nevada. The 
arbitration shall be conducted on a strictly confidential basis, and 
Executive shall not disclose the existence of a claim, the nature of a 
claim, any documents, exhibits, or information exchanged or presented in 
connection with any such a claim, or the result of any arbitration 
(collectively, Arbitration Materials), to any third party, with the sole 
exception of Executives legal counsel, who Executive shall ensure adheres 
to all confidentiality terms in this
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement. In the event of any court proceeding to challenge or enforce an 
arbitrators award, the Parties hereby consent to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in Nevada and agree to venue 
in that jurisdiction. The Parties agree to take all steps necessary to 
protect the confidentiality of the Arbitration Materials in connection with 
any such proceeding, agree to file all Confidential Information (and 
documents containing Confidential Information) under seal to the extent 
possible, and agree to the entry of an appropriate protective order 
encompassing the confidentiality terms of this Agreement. Each party agrees 
to pay its own costs and fees in connection with any arbitration of a 
dispute arising under this Agreement, and any court proceeding arising 
therefrom, regardless of outcome. To the extent any dispute is found not to 
be subject to this arbitration provision, both Executive and Company hereby 
waive their respective rights to trial by jury.

EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS SECTION 14, 
VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL DISPUTES, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY 
TO REVIEW THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 14 WITH ANY ADVISORS AS HE CONSIDERED 
NECESSARY. BY SIGNING BELOW, EXECUTIVE SIGNIFIES HIS UNDERSTANDING AND 
AGREEMENT TO SECTION 14.

15. Notices. Any notice, consent, demand, request, or other communication 
given to a Person in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been given to such Person (a) when delivered 
personally to such Person (with proof of such delivery) or (b) two days 
after being sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier, to the 
address (if any) specified below for such Person (or to such other address 
as such Person shall have specified by providing ten (10) days advance 
notice in accordance with this Section 14).
 
If to the Company: 	   	Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC
   	One Caesars Palace Drive
   	Las Vegas, Nevada 89109
   	Phone:
   	Attention: Vice President, Human Resources
If to Executive: 	   	To the address of his principal residence as it 
appears in the Companys records, with a copy to him (during the Term of 
Employment) at the Companys principal executive office.
If to a beneficiary, heir or executor: 	   	
To the address most recently specified by Executive, beneficiary, or 
executor through notice given in accordance with this Section 14.

16. Miscellaneous.

(a) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including its Exhibit A and Exhibit 
B, contains the entire understanding and agreement among the Parties 
concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, 
understandings, discussions, negotiations, and undertakings, whether 
written or oral, among them with respect thereto, including, without 
limitation, the Prior Agreement.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Amendment or Waiver. No provision in this Agreement may be amended 
unless such amendment is set forth in a writing that specifically 
identifies the provision being amended and that is signed by Executive and 
the CEO or Company General Counsel. No waiver by any Person of any breach 
of any condition or provision contained in this Agreement shall be deemed a 
waiver of any similar or dissimilar condition or provision at the same or 
any prior or subsequent time.

(c) Headings. The headings of the Sections and sub-sections contained in 
this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be deemed to control 
or affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

(d) Beneficiaries/References. Executive shall be entitled, to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, to select and change a beneficiary or 
beneficiaries to receive any compensation or benefit under this Agreement 
in the event of Executives death by giving the Company written notice 
thereof. In the event of Executives death or a judicial determination of 
his incompetence, references in this Agreement to Executive shall be 
deemed, where appropriate, to refer to his beneficiary, estate or other 
legal representative.

(e) Survivorship. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the 
respective rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall survive 
any termination of Executives employment under this Agreement.

(f) Withholding Taxes. The Company may withhold from any amounts or 
benefits payable under this Agreement, including its Exhibit A and Exhibit 
B, any taxes that are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable 
law or regulation.

(g) 409A Provisions. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this 
Agreement is intended to be interpreted and applied so that the payment of 
the benefits set forth herein either shall either be exempt from the 
requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Code), or shall comply with the requirements of such 
provision. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or elsewhere to 
the contrary, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of 
Section 409A of the Code, any payments or benefits due upon a termination 
of Executives employment under any arrangement that constitutes a 
deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code 
and which do not otherwise qualify under the exemptions under Treas. Regs. 
Section 1.409A-1 (including without limitation, the short-term deferral 
exemption and the permitted payments under Treas. Regs. Section 
1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)), shall be delayed and paid or provided on the 
earlier of (i) the date which is six (6) months after Executives 
separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code and the 
regulations and other published guidance thereunder) for any reason other 
than death, and (ii) the date of Executives death. Notwithstanding 
anything in this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary, distributions upon 
termination of Executives employment may only be made upon a separation 
from service as determined under Section 409A of the Code and such date 
shall be the Termination Date for purposes of this Agreement. Each payment 
under this Agreement or otherwise shall be treated as a separate payment 
for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. In no event may Executive, 
directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be 
made under this Agreement or otherwise if such designation would constitute 
a deferral of compensation within
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Any amounts or benefits otherwise 
payable to Executive following a termination of employment that are not so 
paid by reason of this Section 15(g) shall be paid or provided as soon as 
practicable, and in any event within thirty (30) days, after the date that 
is six (6) months after Executives separation from service (or, if 
earlier, from the date of Executives death). All reimbursements and 
in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in 
accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. To the extent 
that any reimbursements pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise are taxable 
to Executive, any reimbursement payment due to Executive shall be paid to 
Executive on or before the last day of Executives taxable year following 
the taxable year in which the related expense was incurred; provided, that
, Executive has provided the Company written documentation of such expenses 
in a timely fashion and such expenses otherwise satisfy the Companys 
expense reimbursement policies. Reimbursements pursuant to this Agreement 
or otherwise are not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit 
and the amount of such reimbursements that Executive receives in one 
taxable year shall not affect the amount of such reimbursements that 
Executive receives in any other taxable year. Notwithstanding any of the 
foregoing to the contrary, the Company and its officers, directors, 
employees, agents, and representatives make no guarantee that the terms of 
this Agreement complies with, or is exempt from, the provisions of Code 
Section 409A, and none of the foregoing shall have any liability for the 
failure of the terms of this Agreement to comply with, or be exempt from, 
the provisions of Code Section 409A.

(h) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed, construed, performed 
and enforced in accordance with its express terms, and otherwise in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada applicable to contracts to 
be performed therein.

(i) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which 
together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

(j) Construction. This Agreement shall not be construed against either 
Party, and no consideration shall be given or presumption made on the basis 
of who drafted the Agreement or any particular provision hereof or who 
supplied the form of this Agreement. In construing the Agreement, (i) 
examples shall not be construed to limit, expressly or by implication, the 
matter they illustrate, (ii) the connectives and, or, and and/or 
shall be construed either disjunctively or conjunctively so as to construe 
a sentence or clause most broadly and bring within its scope all subject 
matter that might otherwise be construed to be outside of its scope; (iii) 
the word includes and its derivatives means includes, but is not limited 
to and corresponding derivative expressions, (iv) a defined term has its 
defined meaning throughout the Agreement, whether it appears before or 
after the place where it is defined, and (v) the headings and titles herein 
are for convenience only and shall have no significance in the 
interpretation hereof.

(k) Third Party Beneficiaries. The parties agree that each of the Companys 
Affiliates and Subsidiaries are intended third party beneficiaries of this 
Agreement and shall have the authority to enforce the provisions applicable 
to them in accordance with the terms of hereof.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(l) Expenses. Each party shall pay all costs and expenses that it incurs 
with respect to the negotiation, execution, delivery, and performance of 
the Agreement.

(m) Confidentiality. Executive understands and acknowledges that this 
Agreement is a confidential document as are all of its terms and 
conditions. Executive shall maintain strictly the confidentiality of and 
shall not disclose the Agreement and/or its terms to anyone other than 
Executives spouse, attorney(s), and tax advisor(s), whom Executive shall 
ensure comply with these confidentiality terms. Any disclosure other than 
those authorized herein, shall constitute a breach of this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the 
date first set forth above.
 
Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Mary Thomas
Name: 	  	
Mary Thomas
Title: 	  	
EVP, Human Resources
Executive
/s/ Eric Hession
Eric Hession
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

[Other Service]
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

In consideration of and in accordance with the [DATE] Employment Agreement 
by and between Executive and Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC, with offices 
at One Caesars Palace Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109 (together with its 
successors and assigns, the Company) (Employment Agreement), of which 
this Exhibit A is part, Eric Hession (Executive) hereby agrees as 
follows. All terms not defined in this Separation Agreement and Release (
Separation Agreement) shall have the same meanings as those set forth in 
the Employment Agreement.

1. Consideration. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the payments and 
benefits paid or granted to him under the Employment Agreement (the 
Consideration Amounts), including but not limited to Sections 9 and 13, 
thereof, represent good, valuable, and sufficient consideration for signing 
this Separation Agreement, and exceed any amounts or interests to which 
Executive otherwise would be entitled. Executive acknowledges and agrees 
that except as specifically provided in this Separation Agreement, the 
Company shall have no other obligations or liabilities, monetary or 
otherwise, to him following the date hereof (the Effective Date) and that 
the payments and benefits contemplated herein constitute a complete 
settlement, satisfaction, and waiver of any and all claims Executive may 
have against the Company.

2. Release of Claims.

(n) Executive, for himself, his spouse, and each of his heirs, 
beneficiaries, representatives, agents, successors, and assigns 
(collectively, Executive Releasors), irrevocably and unconditionally 
releases and forever discharges the Company, each and all of its 
predecessors, parents, Subsidiaries, Affiliates, divisions, successors, and 
assigns (collectively with the Company, the Company Entities), and each 
and all of the Company Entities current and former officers, directors, 
employees, shareholders, representatives, attorneys, agents, and assigns 
(collectively, with the Company Entities, the Company Releasees), from 
any and all causes of action, claims, actions, rights, judgments, 
obligations, damages, demands, accountings, or liabilities of any kind or 
character, whether known or unknown, whether accrued or contingent, that 
Executive has, had, or may have against them, or any of them, by reason of, 
arising out of, connected with, touching upon, or concerning Executives 
employment with the Company, his separation from the Company, and his 
relationship with any or all of the Company Releasees, and from any and all 
statutory claims, regulatory claims, claims under the Employment Agreement, 
and any and all other claims or matters of whatever kind, nature, or 
description, arising from the beginning of the world up through the 
Separation Agreement Effective Date (as defined below) (collectively, the 
Released Claims). Executive acknowledges that the Released Claims 
specifically include, but are not limited to, any and all claims for fraud, 
breach of express or implied contract, breach of the implied covenant of 
good faith and fair dealing, interference with contractual rights, 
violation of public policy, invasion of privacy, intentional or negligent 
infliction of emotional distress, intentional or negligent 
misrepresentation, defamation, libel, slander, or breach of privacy; claims 
for failure to pay wages, benefits, deferred compensation, commissions, 
bonuses, vacation pay, expenses,

------------------------------------------------------------------------
severance pay, attorneys fees, or other compensation of any sort; claims 
related to stock options, equity awards, or other grants, awards, or 
warrants; claims related to any tangible or intangible property of 
Executive that remains with the Company; claims for retaliation, harassment 
or discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, 
national origin, ancestry, religion, age, disability, medical condition, 
marital status, gender identity, gender expression, or any other 
characteristic or criteria protected by law; any claim under Title VII of 
the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Title VII, as amended), 42 U.S.C. §§ 2000e, 
et seq., the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the 
Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), 29 U.S.C. §§ 2601, et seq., the Fair 
Labor Standards Act (FLSA), 29 U.S.C. §§ 201, et seq., the Equal Pay Act, 
29 U.S.C. §206(a) and interpretive regulations, the Americans with 
Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. §§ 12101, et seq., the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (COBRA), the Occupational 
Safety and Health Act (OSHA) or any other health and/or safety laws, 
statutes, or regulations, the Uniformed Services Employment and 
Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. §§ 4301-4333, the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), 29 U.S.C. §§ 301, et 
seq., the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, 8 U.S.C. §§ 1101, et 
seq., or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the Worker 
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; all claims arising under the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Public Law 107-204), including whistleblowing 
claims under 18 U.S.C. §§ 1513(e) and 1514A; the Nevada Wage and Hour Laws, 
NEV. REV. STAT. § 608.005, et seq., the Nevada Fair Employment Practices 
Act. NEV. REV. STAT. § 613.310 et seq., and any and all other foreign, 
federal, state, or local laws, common law, or case law, including but not 
limited to all statutes, regulations, common law, and other laws in place 
in Clark County, Nevada.

(o) Executive acknowledges that there is a risk that after the execution of 
this Separation Agreement, he will incur or suffer damage, loss, or injury 
that is in some way caused by or connected with his employment with the 
Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or his separation from the 
Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, and any relationship with or 
membership or investment in the Company Releasees, but that is unknown or 
unanticipated at the time of execution of this Separation Agreement. 
Executive specifically assumes that risk, and agrees that this Separation 
Agreement and the Released Claims apply to all unknown or unanticipated, 
accrued or contingent claims and all matters caused by or connected with 
his employment with the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates and/or 
his separation from the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, as well 
as those claims currently known or anticipated. Executive acknowledges and 
agrees that this Separation Agreement constitutes a knowing and voluntary 
waiver of any and all rights and claims Executive does or may have as of 
the Separation Agreement Effective Date. Executive acknowledges that he has 
waived rights or claims pursuant to this Separation Agreement in exchange 
for consideration, the value of which exceeds payment or remuneration to 
which he otherwise would be entitled.

(p) To the extent permitted by law, Executive agrees never to file a 
lawsuit or other adversarial proceeding with any court or arbitrator 
against the Company or any other Company Releasee asserting any Released 
Claims. Executive represents and agrees that, prior to signing this 
Separation Agreement, he has not filed or pursued any complaints, charges, 
or lawsuits of any kind with any court, governmental or administrative 
agency, arbitrator, or other forum against the Company or any of the other 
Company Releasees, asserting any claims whatsoever. Executive understands 
and acknowledges that, in the event he files an administrative charge or 
commences any proceeding with respect to any Released Claim, or in
 
A-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the event another person or entity does so in whole or in part on his 
behalf, Executive waives and is estopped from receiving any monetary award 
or other legal or equitable relief in connection with any such proceeding.

(q) Executive represents and warrants that he has not assigned, 
transferred, or permitted the subrogation of any of his rights, claims, 
and/or causes of action, including any claims referenced in this Separation 
Agreement, or authorized any other person or entity to assert any such 
claim or claims on his behalf, and Executive agrees to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Company against any assignment, transfer, or subrogation of 
said rights, claims, and/or causes of action

3. Survival. The following Sections of the Employment Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect following the Termination Date: Section 5 
(Claw-Back), Section 9 (Compensation Upon Termination), Section 10 (
Restrictive Covenants and Confidentiality), Section 11 (Assignability; 
Binding Nature), Section 13 (Litigation And Regulatory Cooperation), 
Section 14 (Resolution of Disputes), Section 15 (Notices), and Section 
16 (Miscellaneous). Any disputes arising in connection with this 
Separation Agreement or otherwise arising between any of Executive 
Releasors, on the one hand, and any of the Company Releasees, on the other 
hand, shall be resolved in accordance with Sections 10 and 14 of the 
Employment Agreement.

4. Tax Liability. Executive expressly acknowledges that neither the Company 
nor its attorneys have made any representations to him regarding the tax 
consequences of the consideration provided to him pursuant to this 
Separation Agreement and Section 9 of the Employment Agreement. It is the 
intention of the parties to this Separation Agreement that no payments made 
under this Separation Agreement and/or Section 9 of the Employment 
Agreement be subject to the additional tax on deferred compensation imposed 
by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Code), but Company does not guarantee that any such payment complies with 
or is exempt from Code Section 409A. Each payment made under this 
Separation Agreement or Section 9 of the Employment Agreement will be 
treated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A and the 
right to a series of installment payments under this Separation Agreement 
is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments.

5. Knowing/Voluntary Waiver.

(a) Executive is entitled to consider the terms of this Separation 
Agreement for twenty-one (21) days before signing it. If Executive fails to 
execute this Separation Agreement within this twenty-one (21) day period, 
this Separation Agreement will be null and void and of no force or effect. 
To execute this Separation Agreement, Executive must sign and date the 
Separation Agreement below, and return a signed copy hereof to Attn: 
Corporate Compensation, Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC, One Caesars 
Palace Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109, (phone):702-880-6829, 
compensationrequests@caesars.com, via nationally recognized overnight 
carrier or email.

(b) Executive may revoke this Separation Agreement within seven (7) days of 
his signing it by delivering a written notice of such revocation to Attn: 
Corporate Compensation,
 
A-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC, One Caesars Palace Drive, Las Vegas, 
Nevada 89109, (phone): 702-880-6829, compensationrequests@caesars.com, via 
nationally recognized overnight carrier or email. If Executive revokes this 
Separation Agreement within seven (7) days of signing it, this Separation 
Agreement and the promises contained herein or in Section 9 of the 
Employment Agreement automatically will be null and void. If Executive 
signs this Separation Agreement and does not revoke this Separation 
Agreement within seven (7) days of signing it, this Separation Agreement 
shall become binding, effective, and irrevocable on the eighth (8th) day 
after the Separation Agreement is executed by both parties (the 
Separation Agreement Effective Date).

(c) Executive acknowledges that he (a) has carefully read this Separation 
Agreement and the Employment Agreement; (b) is competent to manage his own 
affairs; (c) fully understands the Separation Agreements and Employment 
Agreements contents and legal effect, and understands that he is giving up 
any legal claims he has against any of the Company Releasees, including but 
not limited to any and all legal rights or claims under the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA) (29 U.S.C. § 626, as 
amended), and all other federal, state, foreign, and local laws regarding 
age discrimination, whether those claims are presently known or hereafter 
discovered; (d) has been advised to consult with an attorney of his 
choosing prior to signing this Separation Agreement, if he so desires; and 
(e) has chosen to enter into this Separation Agreement freely, without 
coercion, and based upon his own judgment, and that he has not relied upon 
any promises made by any of the Company Releasees, other than the promises 
explicitly contained in this Separation Agreement.

6. Miscellaneous.

This Separation Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed an original, and both of which together shall constitute 
one and the same instrument. The section headings in this Separation 
Agreement are provided for convenience only and shall not affect the 
construction or interpretation of this Separation Agreement or the 
provisions hereof.

This Separation Agreement shall not in any way be construed as an admission 
that the Company, Executive, or any other individual or entity has any 
liability to or acted wrongfully in any way with respect to Executive, the 
Company, or any other person.

This Separation Agreement shall not be construed against either Party, and 
no consideration shall be given or presumption made on the basis of who 
drafted the Separation Agreement or any particular provision hereof or who 
supplied the form of this Separation Agreement. In construing the 
Separation Agreement, (i) examples shall not be construed to limit, 
expressly or by implication, the matter they illustrate, (ii) the 
connectives and, or, and and/or shall be construed either 
disjunctively or conjunctively so as to construe a sentence or clause most 
broadly and bring within its scope all subject matter that might otherwise 
be construed to be outside of its scope; (iii) the word includes and its 
derivatives means includes, but is not limited to and corresponding 
derivative expressions, (iv) a defined term has its defined meaning 
throughout the Separation Agreement, whether it appears before or after the 
place where it is defined, and (v) the headings and titles herein are for 
convenience only and shall have no significance in the interpretation 
hereof.
 
A-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The parties agree that each of the Company Releasees is an intended third 
party beneficiary of this Separation Agreement and shall have the authority 
to enforce the provisions applicable to it, her, or him in accordance with 
the terms of hereof.

7. Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this 
Separation Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof, contains all the covenants, promises, 
representations, warranties, and agreements between the Parties with 
respect to Executives separation from the Company and all positions 
therewith; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall 
supersede the Sections in the Employment Agreement identified in Paragraph 
3 (Survival) of this Separation Agreement. Any modification of this 
Separation Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed 
by Executive and the Chief Executive Officer or General Counsel of the 
Company.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
 
A-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this General Release 
on this          day of                     .
 
Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
Executive:
 
[Name] 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit C
 
  	 	  	Medical Insurance (including health, dental and vision)
 
  	 	  	Life Accident Insurance
 
  	 	  	Accrued benefits under Savings and retirement plan
 
  	 	  	D&O Insurance
 
2