 EX-10.2 3 e612850_ex10-2.htm
EXHIBIT 10.2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Equity Transfer Agreement
 
Party A (Transferor 1): Wuhan Fengze Agricultural Science and Technology 
Development Co., Ltd.
 
Party B (Transferor 2):  Hubei Hang-ao Servo-valve Manufacturing Technology 
Co., Ltd
 
Party C (Transferee):  Fawei Qiu
 
Party D (Transfer Target): Beijing Sanqiang Tongwei Electromechanical 
Hydraulic Pressure Sci. & Tech. Development Co., Ltd
 
Party F (Witness):  Wuhan Aoxin Tianli Enterprise Investment Management Co
., Ltd

WHEREAS, Party A legally owns 75% Equity of Party D, and Party B legally 
owns 25% Equity of Party D, and Party A and Party B voluntarily want to 
transfer 100% equity of Party D to Party C; AND
 
WHEREAS, Party C agrees to accept the 100% equity of Party D; AND
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Shareholders of Party A and Party B also consent to 
transfer 100% equity of Party D to Party C;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the friendly 
negotiations among Party A, B, C, D and E the following equity transfer 
agreement is entered in accordance with the principle of equality and 
mutual benefit.
 
   Section I Equity Transfer
 
 
1.
Party A and Party B consent to transfer 100% equity of Party D to Party C, 
Party C agrees to accept the equity;
 
 
2.
The above-mentioned equity shall include all the attached interests and 
rights under that equity, and shall be free and clear of (including, but 
not limited to) all liens, pledges, encumbrances, charges, restrictions or 
known claims of any kind, nature or description.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.
When the agreement takes effect, Party A and Party B shall not burden any 
obligations and responsibilities for the operational management and claims 
and Debts of Party D.

Section II Transferring Price and the Payment Methods
 
 
1.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Party A 
agrees to transfer the 75% equity of Party D to Party C at the price of 
RMB 18 million Yuan, Party C agrees the price for the equity.
 
 
2.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Party B 
agrees to transfer the 25% equity of Party D to Party C at the price of 
RMB 6 million Yuan, Party C agrees the price for the equity.
 
 
3.
Party C agrees to pay the purchase price within 7 days upon the execution 
of this agreement to the bank accounts designated by Party A and Party B.
 
 
4.
Party A and Party B agree that Party C can start to process the business 
registration upon the execution of this agreement.

 Section III Representations of Party A and Party B
 
 
1.
Party A and Party B are the exclusive owners of the transferring equity set 
forth in Section I.
 
 
2.
As the Shareholder of Party D, Party A and Party B have fully implemented 
the obligation of Capital Contribution to the Company’s Registered Capital.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.
From the effective date of the agreement, Party A and Party B shall fully 
quit from the operations of Party D, and shall not have the rights of the 
distribution of the assets, properties and profits.

 Section IV Representations of Party D
 
 
1.
Party C acknowledges and complies with the Amended Articles of Association 
of Party D;
 
 
2.
Party C ensures to pay the purchase price in terms of the payment deadline 
and method stipulated in Section II.
 
 
3.
Party C promises not to set up a company or join a company or involve in a 
company which has competition relationships with Party B or the production 
and selling of its products are related to the business secrets of Party B. 
Meanwhile, Party C promises not to claim for any indemnification from Party 
A and Party B in any form due to the non-competition restriction.

     Section V Expense from the Equity Transfer
      
All the parties agree all the transferring fees and related expenses shall 
be undertaken by Party C.

      Section VI Liability for Breach of Contract
      
 
1.
If any party violates or fails to implement any clauses of the agreement, 
the breaching party should indemnify all the economic losses of the 
non-breaching party;
 
 
2.
If party C fails to pay the equity purchase price timely according to the 
regulations of Section II, party A and party B shall have the right to 
charge the overdue fine at the rate of 5‰ per day commencing the date of 
the deadline stipulated in Section II. When Party C pays the overdue fine, 
but the loss caused to Party A and Party B is over the overdue fine, or 
other damages are caused due to the breaching of Party C, it shall not 
impact Party A and Party B to claim for the indemnification regarding to 
the excess portion between the overdue fine and the loss and other damages.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
      Section VII Confidentiality
       
All the parties shall have the obligations to keep confidential regarding 
each party’s commercial information acquired during the performing of the 
agreement, the confidentiality is still valid and effective upon the 
termination of the agreement. Should any party violates the confidential 
clause and causes loss to the other party, it should undertake all the 
charges and losses of the other party.
 
Section VIII   Effective Clauses and Miscellaneous
 
 
1.
This agreement shall be effective upon the execution of Party A and Party B 
and Party C.
 
 
2.
Any disputes caused by the implement of this agreement must be first 
settled by Party A, Party B and Party C pursuant to the principle of 
friendly negotiations. In case no such settlement can be reached, either 
party has the right to file a suit to the People’s court where Party A is 
located. 
 
 
3.
This agreement is in quintuplicate, each of the parties holds one copy, and 
all of which shall be deemed to be an original and share the same legal 
effect.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(Signature Page)


Party A (Transferor 1): Wuhan Fengze Agricultural Science and Technology 
Development Co., Ltd. (seal)
 
Legal Representative or agent:      (signature)
 
 
Party B (Transferor 2): Hubei Hang-ao Servo-valve Manufacturing Technology 
Co., Ltd (seal)
 
Legal Representative or agent:      (signature)
 

Party C (Transferee):  Fawei Qiu (signature)


    November 10, 2014