 EX-10.1 2 e612850_ex10-1.htm
EXHIBIT 10.1
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Equity Transfer Agreement
 
Party A (Transferor): Wuhan Optical Valley Orange Technology Co., Ltd.
 
Party B (Transferee 1): Wuhan Aoxin Science & Technology Group Co., Ltd
 
Party C (Transferee 2): Mr. Deming Liu
 
Party D (Transfer Target): Wuhan Orange Optical Networking Technology 
Development Co., Ltd.
 
Party F (Witness):  Wuhan Aoxin Tianli Enterprise Investment Management Co
., Ltd
 
WHEREAS, Party A legally owns 100% Equity of Party D, and Party A 
voluntarily wants to transfer 100% equity of Party D to Party B and Party 
C; AND
 
WHEREAS, Party B agrees to accept the 55% equity of Party D, and Party C 
agrees to accept the 45% equity of Party D; AND
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Shareholders of Party A also consents to transfer 
100% equity of Party D to Party B and Party C;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the friendly 
negotiations among Party A, B, C, D and E, the following equity transfer 
agreement is entered in accordance with the principle of equality and 
mutual benefit.
 
Section I Equity Transfer
 
 
1.
Party A consents to transfer 100% equity of Party D to Party B and Party C, 
Party B and Party C agree to accept the equity;
 
 
2.
The above-mentioned equity shall include all the attached interests and 
rights under that equity, and shall be free and clear of (including, but 
not limited to) all liens, pledges, encumbrances, charges, restrictions or 
known claims of any kind, nature or description.
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.
When the agreement takes effect, Party A shall not burden any obligations 
and responsibilities for the operational management and claims and Debts of 
Party D.
 
 
Section II Transferring Price and the Payment Methods
 
 
1.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Party A 
agrees to transfer the 100% equity of Party D to Party B and Party C at the 
price of RMB 1 million Yuan, Party B and Party C agree the price for the 
equity.
 
 
2.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Party B 
agrees to pay RMB 550,000 Yuan within 7 days upon the execution of this 
agreement to the bank accounts designated by Party A ;
 
 
3.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Party C 
agrees to pay RMB 450,000 Yuan within 7 days upon the execution of this 
agreement to the bank accounts designated by Party A ;
 
 
4.
Party A agrees that Party B and Party C can start to process the business 
registration upon the execution of this agreement.
 
 Section III Representations of Party A
 
 
1.
Party A is the exclusive owners of the transferring equity set forth in 
Section I.
 
 
2.
As the Shareholder of Party D, Party A has fully implemented the obligation 
of Capital Contribution to the Company’s Registered Capital.
 
 
3.
From the effective date of the agreement, Party A shall fully quit from the 
operations of Party D, and shall not have the rights of the distribution of 
the assets, properties and profits.
 
 Section IV Representations of Party B and Party C
 
 
1.
Party B and Party C acknowledge and comply with the Amended Articles of 
Association of Party D;
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
2.
Party B and Party C ensure to pay the purchase price in terms of the 
payment deadline and method stipulated in Section II.
 
Section V.  Expense from the Equity Transfer
 
All the parties agree all the transferring fees and related expenses shall 
be undertaken by Party B and C.
 
 Section VI Liability for Breach of Contract
 
 
1.
If any party violates or fails to implement any clauses of the agreement, 
the breaching party should indemnify all the economic losses of the 
non-breaching party;
 
 
2.
If Party B and Party C fail to pay the equity purchase price timely 
according to the regulations of Section II, party A shall have the right to 
charge the overdue fine at the rate of 5‰ per day commencing the date of 
the deadline stipulated in Section II. When Party B and Party C pay the 
overdue fine, but the loss caused to Party A is over the overdue fine, or 
other damages are caused due to the breaching of Party B and Party C, it 
shall not impact Party A to claim for the indemnification regarding to the 
excess portion between the overdue fine and the loss and other damages.
 
Section VII Confidentiality
 
    All the parties shall have the obligations to keep confidential
    regarding each party’s commercial information acquired during the
    performing of the agreement, the confidentiality is still valid and
    effective upon the termination of the agreement. Should any party
    violates the confidential clause and causes loss to the other party, it
    should undertake all the charges and losses of the other party.
     
Section VIII   Effective Clauses and Miscellaneous
 
 
1.
This agreement shall be effective upon the execution of Party A , Party B 
and Party C.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
2.
Any disputes caused by the implement of this agreement must be first 
settled by Party A, Party B and Party C pursuant to the principle of 
friendly negotiations. In case no such settlement can be reached, either 
party has the right to file a suit to the People’s court where Party A is 
located. 
 
 
3.
This agreement is in quintuplicate, each of the parties holds one copy, and 
all of which shall be deemed to be an original and share the same legal 
effect.
 
 
Party A (Transferor): Wuhan Optical Valley Orange Technology Co., Ltd. 
(seal)
 
Legal Representative or agent:      (signature)
 

Party B (Transferee 1): Wuhan Aoxin Science & Technology Group Co., Ltd 
(seal)
 
Legal Representative or agent:      (signature)
 

Party C (Transferee 2): Mr. Deming Liu (signature)




November 10, 2014
 