 EX-10.1 2 cprex101emplagreewinchester.htm WINCHESTER EMPLAGREEMENT


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of the 22nd day of 
September, 2014, is entered into by and between CHAPARRAL ENERGY, INC., a 
Delaware corporation (the “Company”), CHAPARRAL ENERGY, LLC (the 
“Employer”) and Dave Winchester (“Executive”).


IN CONSIDERATION of the premises and the mutual covenants set forth below, 
and for other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is 
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:


WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain Executive as its employee and 
believes it is necessary to enter into this Agreement to provide the proper 
incentive to Executive; and


1.Term. Subject to the provisions for earlier termination hereinafter 
provided, Executive’s employment with the Company under this Agreement 
shall be for a term (the “Term”) commencing upon September 22, 2014 (the 
“Effective Date”) and ending on the third-year anniversary of the Effective 
Date; provided, however, that commencing on the date that is the third 
anniversary of the Effective Date, the Term shall be automatically extended 
so as to terminate on the second anniversary of such date, and the Term 
shall be automatically extended so as to terminate on each anniversary 
thereafter (each such anniversary referred to as a “Renewal Date”). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at least ninety (90) days prior to any 
Renewal Date, the Company gives Executive written notice that the Term will 
not be so extended, this Agreement will continue for the remainder of the 
then current Term and automatically expire upon its completion. The Term 
may be sooner terminated under Section 5 of this Agreement.


2.    Position and Duties. During the Term, Executive will serve as Senior 
Vice President of Drilling of the Company and will report directly to the 
President and Chief Operating Officer (the “Supervising Executive”). 
Executive shall devote Executive’s best efforts and full business time and 
attention to perform all services reasonably required to fully execute the 
duties and responsibilities associated with the Company, its subsidiaries 
and its affiliates as directed by the Supervising Executive. 
Notwithstanding the above, Executive will be permitted, to the extent such 
activities do not interfere with the performance by Executive of his duties 
and responsibilities under this Agreement or violate this Agreement, to (i) 
manage Executive’s personal, financial and legal affairs, and (ii) serve on 
industry, civic or charitable boards or committees. Executive agrees to 
observe and comply with the rules and policies of the Company, as in effect 
from time to time, including, without limitation, any rules and policies 
relating to Executive obligations to the Company upon a termination of 
employment.


3.    Place of Performance. During the Term, Executive’s place of 
employment will be the Company’s principal executive offices in Oklahoma 
City, Oklahoma (the “Principal Location”), except for travel to other 
locations as may be necessary to fulfill Executive’s duties and 
responsibilities hereunder.






A-1

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


4.    Compensation and Related Matters.


(a)    Base Salary. During the Term, the Company will pay Executive a base 
salary of not less than $325,000.00 per year (“Base Salary”), in accordance 
with the Company’s customary payroll practices. Executive’s Base Salary may 
be increased, but not decreased unless the base salaries for all executive 
officers of the Company are decreased, pursuant to annual review by the 
Compensation Committee (the “Compensation Committee”) of the Board of 
Directors of the Company (the “Board”) in its discretion. In the event that 
Executive’s Base Salary is increased, the increased amount will then 
constitute the Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement.


(b)    Annual Bonus Incentives. In addition to the Base Salary, Executive 
shall be eligible to participate in and earn an annual cash bonus under any 
annual incentive plan established by the Board so long as the terms of any 
such plan allow participation by the executive officers of the Company 
(“Annual Bonus”). The target Annual Bonus for Executive shall be equal to 
70% of Executive’s current Base Salary, but the actual Annual Bonus shall 
be determined by the Compensation Committee, in consultation with the 
Supervising Executive, in accordance with the terms of such plan, in effect 
at that time, if any. The terms for the payment of any Annual Bonus shall 
be determined by the Compensation Committee, in consultation with the 
Supervising Executive, in accordance with the terms of such plan in effect 
at that time, if any.


(c)    Equity Grant. Subject to adoption by the Board and approval by 
Company’s shareholders of the Company’s Amended 2010 Equity Incentive Plan 
(the “Plan”), the Company shall grant to Executive shares of restricted 
stock (the “Restricted Stock”) under the Plan, consisting of 2,057 
time-vesting shares (the “Time-Vested Restricted Stock”) and 3,984 
performance-vesting shares (the “Performance-Vested Restricted Stock”). 
Consistent with the foregoing, the terms and conditions of the Time-Vested 
Restricted Stock shall be set forth in an award agreement (the “Time-Vested 
Restricted Stock Agreement”) substantially in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A, and the terms and conditions of the Performance-Vested 
Restricted Stock shall be set forth in an award agreement (the 
“Performance-Vested Restricted Stock Agreement” and, together with the 
Time-Vested Restricted Stock Agreement, the “Restricted Stock Agreements”) 
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, which together 
shall evidence the grant of the Restricted Stock. Subject to this Section 
4(c), the Time-Vested Restricted Stock and the Performance-Vested 
Restricted Stock shall be governed in all respects by the terms of the Plan 
and the applicable Restricted Stock Agreement.


(d)    Welfare, Pension and Incentive Benefit. During the Term, Executive 
(and Executive’s spouse and/or eligible dependents to the extent provided 
in the applicable plans and programs) will be eligible to participate in 
and be covered under all the welfare benefit plans or programs maintained 
by the Company or Employer for the benefit of its senior executive officers 
pursuant to the terms of such plans and programs including, without 
limitation, all medical, life, hospitalization, dental, disability, 
accidental death and dismemberment and travel accident insurance plans and 
programs. In addition, during the Term, Executive will be eligible to 
participate in all pensions, retirement, savings and other employee benefit 
plans and programs maintained from time to time by the Company or Employer 
for the benefit of its senior executive officers.  




2

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(e)    Vacation. Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance 
with the Employer’s vacation policy during the Term. Executive may use his 
vacation in a reasonable manner based upon the business needs of the 
Company.


(f)    Fringe Benefits. During the Term, the Company will provide Executive 
with such other fringe benefits as commensurate with Executive’s position.


(g)    Expenses. Executive will be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement 
for all reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in accordance 
with the Company’s and Employer’s expense reimbursement policy during the 
Term. All payments under this Section 4(g) shall be paid to Executive on or 
before the last day of Executive’s taxable year following the taxable year 
in which Executive incurred such expenses.


5.    Termination of Employment. Executive’s employment under this 
Agreement may be terminated during the Term under the following 
circumstances:


(a)    Death. Executive’s employment under this Agreement will terminate 
upon his death.


(b)    Disability. Upon Executive’s Disability, Executive will receive a 
Notice of Termination (as defined in Section 6(a)) from the Company. If 
Executive does not return to the substantial performance of his duties on a 
full-time basis within thirty (30) days of such Notice of Termination, the 
Company has the right to terminate Executive’s employment under this 
Agreement for Disability, and such termination will not be a breach of this 
Agreement by the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, “Disability” 
means Executive’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness whereby 
Executive is substantially unable to perform his duties under this 
Agreement (with or without reasonable accommodation, as defined under the 
Americans With Disabilities Act) for a period of six (6) consecutive 
months.


(c)    Cause. The Company has the right to terminate Executive’s employment 
for Cause by providing Executive with a Notice of Termination, and such 
termination will not be a breach of this Agreement by the Company. For 
purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” means the occurrence of any one or more 
of the following events: (i) Executive’s conviction of, or entry by 
Executive of a guilty or no contest plea to a felony or crime involving 
moral turpitude; (ii) Executive’s willful commission of an act of fraud or 
dishonesty resulting in economic or financial injury to the Company or any 
affiliate; (iii) Executive’s willful failure to substantially perform or 
gross neglect of Executive’s duties, including, but not limited to, the 
failure to follow any lawful directive of the Supervising Executive, within 
the reasonable scope of Executive’s duties; (iv) Executive’s performance of 
acts materially detrimental to the Company or any affiliate, unless 
otherwise approved in advance by the Board or the Compensation Committee; 
(v) Executive’s use of narcotics, alcohol, or illicit drugs in a manner 
that has or may reasonably be expected to have a detrimental effect on 
Executive’s performance of his duties as an employee of the Company or on 
the reputation of the Company or any affiliate; (vi) Executive’s commission 
of a material violation of any rule or policy sponsored by the Company 
which results in injury to the Company; or (vii) Executive’s material 
breach of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, Executive’s 
material breach of the covenants set forth in Section 9 hereof.



3

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(d)    Good Reason. Executive may terminate Executive’s employment with the 
Company for “Good Reason,” and such termination will not be a breach of 
this Agreement by Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” 
shall mean the occurrence without the written consent of Executive, of one 
of the events set forth below:


(i)    a material diminution in Executive’s authority, duties or 
responsibilities combined with a demotion in Executive’s pay grade ranking;


(ii)    the reduction by the Company of Executive’s Base Salary by more 
than ten percent (10%) (unless done so for all executive officers of the 
Company);


(iii)    the requirement that Executive be based at any office or location 
that is more than 50 miles from the Principal Location, except for travel 
reasonably required in the performance of Executive’s responsibilities; or


(iv)    any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by 
the Company of this Agreement such as the failure of any successor to the 
Company to assume this Agreement pursuant to Section 14.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive will not be deemed to have 
terminated for Good Reason unless (A) Executive provides written notice to 
the Company of the existence of one of the conditions described above 
within ninety (90) days after Executive has knowledge of the initial 
existence of the condition, (B) the Company fails to remedy the condition 
so identified within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice (if 
capable of correction), (C) Executive provides a Notice of Termination to 
the Company within thirty (30) days of the expiration of the Company’s 
period to remedy the condition, and (D) Executive terminates employment 
within ninety (90) days after Executive provides written notice to the 
Company of the existence of the condition referred to in clause (A).


(e)    Without Cause.  The Company has the right to terminate Executive’s 
employment under this Agreement without Cause by providing Executive with a 
Notice of Termination. For purposes of Section 7 hereto, a “termination 
without Cause” shall include the Company’s failure to renew this Agreement 
pursuant to Section 1 prior to a Renewal Date.


(f)    Without Good Reason. Executive may voluntarily terminate employment 
with the Company without Good Reason at any time by providing the Company 
with a Notice of Termination.


6.    Termination Procedure.


(a)    Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executive’s employment by 
the Company or by Executive during the Term (other than termination 
pursuant to Section 5(a)) will be communicated by Notice of Termination to 
the other party in accordance with Section 15. For purposes of this 
Agreement, a “Notice of Termination” means a written notice which indicates 
the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and sets 
forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a 
basis for termination of Executive’s employment.



4

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(b)    Date of Termination. “Date of Termination” shall mean (i) if 
Executive’s employment is terminated by his death, the date of his death, 
(ii) if Executive’s employment is terminated due to Disability pursuant to 
Section 5(b), thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination (provided that 
Executive has not returned to the substantial performance of his duties on 
a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period), (iii) if Executive’s 
employment is terminated for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(d), the date 
on which a Notice of Termination provided in accordance with such Section 
is given or any later date (within thirty (30) days after the giving of 
such Notice of Termination) set forth in such Notice of Termination, (iv) 
if Executive’s employment is terminated voluntarily by Executive without 
Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(f), thirty (30) days after Notice of 
Termination, or (v) if Executive’s employment is terminated for any other 
reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or any later 
date (within thirty (30) days after the giving of such Notice of 
Termination) set forth in such Notice of Termination.


7.    Obligations of the Company Upon Termination. In the event Executive’s 
employment under this Agreement terminates during the Term and such 
termination constitutes a “separation from service” from the Company 
(within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and Treasury Regulation Section 
1.409A-1(h)) (“Separation from Service”), the Company will provide 
Executive with the payments and benefits set forth below.


(a)    Termination by Company Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason 
Not Following Change in Control. If Executive’s employment is terminated by 
the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason at any time that 
is not within two (2) years after the occurrence of a “Change in Control” 
(as defined below):


(i)    The Company will pay to Executive in a single lump sum payment 
within thirty (30) days after the Date of Termination, the aggregate amount 
of (A) any earned but unpaid Base Salary, (B) any Annual Bonus required to 
be paid to Executive pursuant to Section 4(b) for any fiscal year of the 
Company that ends on or before the Date of Termination to the extent not 
previously paid, (C) accrued but unpaid vacation pay through the Date of 
Termination, and (D) reasonable business expenses incurred but unpaid 
through the Date of Termination (together, the “Accrued Obligations”);


(ii)    Subject to Sections 7(f) and 10 below, the Company will pay to 
Executive an amount equal to 1.5 (the “Severance Multiple”) times the sum 
of (x) Executive’s Base Salary in effect on the Date of Termination plus 
(y) the Annual Bonus granted to Executive for the fiscal year of the 
Company immediately on or preceding the Date of Termination, payable in the 
form of a salary continuation for a period of months equal to the product 
of 12 times the Severance Multiple; provided, however, that the first such 
payment shall not be made until the Company’s first payroll date occurring 
on or after the 30th day following the Date of Termination (the “First 
Payroll Date”) and any amounts that would otherwise have been paid pursuant 
to this Section 7(a)(ii) prior to the First Payroll Date shall instead be 
paid on the First Payroll Date. Each payment under this Section 7(a)(ii) 
shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the 
Code.



5

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(iii)    Subject to Sections 7(f) and 10 below, the Company will maintain 
in full force and effect, for the continued benefit of Executive (and 
Executive’s spouse and/or eligible dependents, as applicable) for a period 
of eighteen (18) months following the Date of Termination, participation by 
Executive (and Executive’s spouse and/or eligible dependents, as 
applicable) in the medical, hospitalization, and dental programs maintained 
by the Company for the benefit of its senior executive officers as in 
effect on the Date of Termination, at such level and terms and conditions 
(including, without limitation, contributions required by Executive for 
such benefits) as in effect on the Date of Termination; provided, if 
Executive (or his spouse) is eligible for Medicare or a similar type of 
governmental medical benefit, such benefit shall be the primary provider 
before Company medical benefits are provided. However, if Executive becomes 
reemployed with another employer and is eligible to receive medical, 
hospitalization and dental benefits under another employer–provided plan, 
the medical, hospitalization and dental benefits described herein shall be 
secondary to those provided under such other plan during the applicable 
period. If any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or 
ceases prior to the expiration of the period of continuation coverage to 
be, exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code under Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), then an amount equal to each remaining 
premium payment shall thereafter be paid to Executive as currently taxable 
compensation in substantially equal monthly installments over the 
continuation coverage period (or the remaining portion thereof).


(iv)    For purposes of this Agreement, “Change in Control” shall mean:


(A)    The consummation of any transaction or series of related 
transactions involving the sale of the Company’s outstanding securities 
(but excluding a public offering of the Company’s capital stock) for 
securities or other consideration issued or paid or caused to be issued or 
paid by such other corporation or an affiliate thereof and which result in 
this Company’s shareholders (or their affiliates) immediately prior to such 
transaction not holding at least a majority of the voting power of the 
surviving or continuing entity following such transaction; or


(B)    The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the 
Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more 
intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business 
combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all 
of the Company’s assets or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of 
another entity, in each case, other than a transaction which results in the 
Company’s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction 
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being 
converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a 
result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or 
owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company’s 
assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or 
such person, the “Successor Entity”)) directly or indirectly, at least a 
majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity’s outstanding 
voting securities immediately after the transaction.


(b)    Termination by Company Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason 
Following Change in Control.  If at any time within two (2) years after a 
Change in Control, Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company 
without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, then Executive shall be 
entitled to the payments and benefits provided in Section 7(a) hereof, 
subject to the terms and conditions thereof (including, without limitation, 
the requirement that a condition to Executive’s right to receive the 
amounts provided for thereunder is that Executive execute, deliver and not 
revoke the Release as set forth in Section 10 below), except that for 
purposes of this Section 7(b),



6

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


the Severance Multiple shall equal 2. To the extent a Change in Control 
occurs as a result of the sale or other disposition of all or substantially 
all of the Company’s assets, then, on or prior to the closing date of such 
Change in Control, the Company shall deposit in an irrevocable grantor 
trust an amount of money equal to the severance payments and benefits that 
will be payable to Executive under this Section 7(b) in the event of a 
termination of employment by the Company without Cause or by Executive for 
Good Reason within two (2) years after such Change in Control; provided, 
that such grantor trust shall be designated to constitute an unfunded 
arrangement commonly referred to as a “rabbi trust” so that the Executive 
shall not be in constructive receipt of income or incur an economic benefit 
solely on account of the adoption or maintenance of the trust.


(a)    Termination by Company for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason
. If Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by 
Executive without Good Reason, the Company will pay Executive within thirty 
(30) days after the Date of Termination the Accrued Obligations; provided, 
however, the amounts described in Section 7(a)(i)(D) shall not be paid to 
Executive if Executive’s employment was terminated by the Company for Cause 
due to Executive’s misappropriation of Company funds.


(b)    Disability. During any period that Executive fails to perform 
Executive’s duties under this Agreement as a result of incapacity due to 
physical or mental illness, Executive will continue to receive his full 
Base Salary set forth in Section 4(a) until his employment is terminated 
pursuant to Section 5(b). If Executive’s employment is terminated due to 
Disability pursuant to Section 5(b), subject to Sections 7(f) and 10 below, 
the Company will pay Executive within thirty (30) days after the Date of 
Termination the Accrued Obligations, plus a pro rata share of the Annual 
Bonus for the fiscal year of the Company in which the Date of Termination 
occurs.


(c)    Death. If Executive’s employment is terminated by death, the Company 
will pay to Executive’s beneficiary, or personal or legal representatives 
or estate, as the case may be, within thirty (30) days after the Date of 
Termination the Accrued Obligations, plus a pro rata share of the Annual 
Bonus for the fiscal year of the Company in which the Date of Termination 
occurs.


(d)    Six-Month Delay. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, no compensation or benefits, including without limitation any 
severance payments or benefits payable under Section 7 hereof, shall be 
paid to Executive during the six (6)-month period following Executive’s 
Separation from Service if the Company determines that paying such amounts 
at the time or times indicated in this Agreement would be a prohibited 
distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of 
any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on 
the first business day following the end of such six (6)-month period (or 
such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under Section 409A of 
the Code without resulting in a prohibited distribution, including as a 
result of Executive’s death), the Company shall pay Executive a lump-sum 
amount equal to the cumulative amount that would have otherwise been 
payable to Executive during such period.


8.    Mitigation. Executive will not be required to mitigate amounts 
payable under this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and 
there will be no offset against amounts due Executive under this Agreement 
on account of subsequent employment except as specifically provided herein.




7

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


9.    Confidential Information; Non-Solicitation; Non-Competition.


(a)    Nondisclosure of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges 
that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential 
(i) all valuable and unique information, (ii) other information heretofore 
or hereafter acquired by the Company, or any affiliated entity and deemed 
by it to be confidential, and (iii) information developed or used by the 
Company or any affiliated entity relating to the business, operations, 
employees and customers of the Company or any affiliated entity including, 
but not limited to, any employee information (all such information 
described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, other than information 
which is known to the public or becomes known to the public through no 
fault of Executive, is hereinafter referred to as “Confidential 
Information”). The parties recognize that the services to be performed by 
Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique and that by 
reason of his employment by the Company after the date hereof, Executive 
has acquired and will acquire Confidential Information. Executive 
recognizes that all such Confidential Information is the property of the 
Company. Accordingly, at any time during or after the Term, Executive shall 
not, except in the proper performance of his duties under this Agreement, 
directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, 
disclose to any Person other than the Company, whether or not such Person 
is a competitor of the Company, and shall use his best efforts to prevent 
the publication or disclosure of any Confidential Information obtained by, 
or which has come to the knowledge of, Executive prior or subsequent to the 
date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may disclose to other 
Persons, as part of his occupation, information with respect to the Company 
or any affiliated entity, which (i) is of a type generally not considered 
by standards of the oil and natural gas industry to be proprietary, or (ii) 
is otherwise consented to in writing by the Company.






8

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(b)    Non-Solicitation. Executive shall not, during the Term or for the 
period of months equal to the product of 12 times the Severance Multiple 
following the Date of Termination (the “Covered Period”), either personally 
or by or through his/her agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements 
and whether for himself/herself or on behalf of any other person or entity, 
hire, solicit or seek to hire any employee or consultant of the Company or 
any affiliated entity, or in any other manner attempt, directly or 
indirectly, to persuade any such employee or consultant to discontinue 
his/her status of employment or consultancy with the Company or any 
affiliated entity or to become hired in any business or activities likely 
to be competitive with the Company’s or an affiliated entity’s business. 
Additionally, during the Covered Period, Executive shall not, for 
himself/herself or on behalf of any person or entity, directly or 
indirectly, solicit, divert or attempt to solicit or divert any customer of 
the Company or any affiliated entity for the purpose of causing such 
customer to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Company or 
any affiliated entity. Executive further agrees that, during the Covered 
Period, he/she will not, directly or indirectly, request or advise any 
customers of the Company or an affiliated entity to withdraw, curtail or 
cancel their business with the Company or any affiliated entity. For 
purposes of this Agreement, a “customer” of the Company or any affiliated 
entity shall mean those customers of the Company or an affiliated entity 
who held a deposit account or otherwise transacted business with the 
Company or an affiliated entity at any time within the twelve (12) months 
preceding termination of Executive’s employment. Nothing contained in this 
Agreement is intended to prohibit general advertising or solicitation not 
specifically directed at any or all of the Company’s or an affiliated 
entity’s customers or employees.


(c)    Non-Competition.


(i)    As part of the consideration for the compensation and benefits to be 
paid to Executive hereunder, to protect the trade secrets and Confidential 
Information of the Company and its customers and clients that have been and 
will be entrusted to Executive, the business goodwill of the Company and 
its subsidiaries that will be developed in and through Executive and the 
business opportunities that will be disclosed or entrusted to Executive by 
the Company and its subsidiaries, and as an additional incentive for the 
Company to enter into this Agreement, during the Covered Period, Executive 
shall not directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any other 
person or entity, manage, participate in, work for, consult with, render 
services for, or take an interest in (as an owner, stockholder, partner or 
lender) any Competitor in an area of Competing Business.


(ii)    For purposes of Section 9(c)(i):


(A)    “Competitor” means any business, company or individual which is in, 
or is actively seeking to be in the Competing Business.


(B)    “Competing Business” means the acquisition, exploration, 
exploitation, development, production and/or operation of oil and gas 
properties.



9

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(iii)    Executive acknowledges that each of the covenants of Section 
9(c)(i) are in addition to, and shall not be construed as a limitation 
upon, any other covenant provided in Section 9. Executive agrees that the 
scope of prohibited activities and time duration of each of the covenants 
set forth in Section 9(c)(i) are reasonable in nature and are no broader 
than are necessary to maintain the confidentiality and the goodwill of the 
Company’s proprietary and Confidential Information, plans and services and 
to protect the other legitimate business interests of the Company, 
including without limitation the goodwill developed by Executive with the 
Company’s customers, suppliers, licensees and business relations. It is 
also the intent of the Company and Executive that such covenants be 
construed and enforced in accordance with the changing activities, business 
and locations of the Company throughout the term of this covenant, whether 
before or after the Date of Termination. Executive agrees not to challenge 
the enforceability, scope or reasonableness of the covenants in Section 
9(c)(i). The covenants in Section 9(c)(i) are severable and separate, and 
the unenforceability of any specific covenant shall not affect the 
provisions of any other covenant. Moreover, in the event any court of 
competent jurisdiction shall determine that the scope or duration set forth 
are unreasonable, then it is the intention of the parties that such 
restrictions be enforced to the fullest extent which the court deems 
reasonable, and the Agreement shall thereby be reformed.


(iv)    If, during any portion of the Covered Period, Executive is not in 
compliance with the terms of Section 9(c)(i), the Company shall be entitled 
to, among other remedies, compliance by Executive with the terms of Section 
9(c)(i) for an additional period of time (i.e., in addition to the Covered 
Period) that shall equal the period(s) over which such noncompliance 
occurred.


(v)    Nothing in this Section 9(c) shall prohibit: (A) direct or indirect 
ownership of publicly traded securities which are issued by a Competitor 
involved in or conducting a Competing Business, provided that Executive, 
directly or indirectly, does not own more than 5% of the outstanding equity 
or voting securities of such Competitor; (B) ownership of royalty interests 
where Executive owns the surface of the land covered by the royalty 
interest and the ownership of the royalty interest is incidental to the 
ownership of such surface estate, provided that any such surface estate 
does not adjoin, or is not near to, any property ownership interest held 
directly or indirectly by the Company; (C) direct or indirect ownership of 
royalty interests or overriding royalty interests owned prior to the 
Effective Date; or (D) direct or indirect ownership of working interests or 
other interests in oil and gas owned prior to the Effective Date and 
disclosed by Executive to the Company in writing. It is the intent of the 
Company that during the Term of this Agreement Executive is not acquiring 
additional oil and gas interests, directly or indirectly.


(d)    Obligations of Executive Upon Termination. Upon termination of 
Executive’s employment for any reason, Executive shall return to the 
Company all documents and copies, including hard and electronic copies, of 
documents in his possession relating to any Confidential Information 
including, but not limited to, internal and external business forms, 
manuals, correspondence, notes and computer programs, and Executive shall 
not make or retain any copy or extract of any of the foregoing. In 
addition, Executive shall resign from all positions held with the Company 
or any affiliated entities.



10

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(e)    Remedies. Executive acknowledges and understands that Sections 9(a), 
(b), (c) and (d) and the other provisions of this Agreement are of a 
special and unique nature, the loss of which cannot be adequately 
compensated for in damages by an action at law, and that the breach or 
threatened breach of the provisions of this Agreement would cause the 
Company irreparable harm. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by 
Executive of the provisions of this Agreement, the Company shall be 
entitled to an injunction restraining him from such breach. Nothing 
contained in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting the Company 
from pursuing, or limiting the Company’s ability to pursue, any other 
remedies available for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by 
Executive. The provision of Section 12 hereof relating to arbitration of 
disputes shall not be applicable to the Company to the extent it seeks an 
injunction in any court to restrain Executive from violating Sections 9(a), 
(b), (c) and (d) hereof.


(f)    Continuing Operation. Except as specifically provided in this 
Section 9, the termination of Executive’s employment or of this Agreement 
will have no effect on the continuing operation of this Section 9.


(g)    Additional Related Agreements. Executive agrees to sign and to abide 
by the provisions of any additional agreements, policies or requirements of 
the Company which are reasonable and related to the subject of this Section 
9 which are in writing and are developed by the Company in the ordinary 
course of business.


10.    Release. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, it 
shall be a condition to Executive’s right to receive the amounts provided 
for in Section 7(a), 7(b) or 7(d) of this Agreement, that Executive will 
execute and deliver to the Company a release of claims in substantially the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Release”) within twenty-one (21) 
days following the Date of Termination and that Executive not revoke such 
release within seven (7) days thereafter. The form of the Release may be 
modified as needed to reflect changes in the applicable law or regulations 
that are needed to provide a legally enforceable and binding Release to all 
parties at the time of execution.


11.    Indemnification and Insurance. Executive shall be indemnified and 
held harmless by the Company during the term of this Agreement and 
following any termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever in 
the same manner as would any other key management employee of the Company 
with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to (a) the termination of 
this Agreement or (b) the termination of employment of Executive. In 
addition, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of six years 
following the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, 
Executive shall be covered by a Company held liability insurance policy, 
covering acts or omissions occurring prior to (i) the termination of this 
Agreement or (ii) the termination of employment of Executive.



11

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


12.    Arbitration; Legal Fees and Expenses. The parties agree that 
Executive’s employment and this Agreement relate to interstate commerce, 
and that any disputes, claims or controversies between Executive and the 
Company which may arise out of or relate to Executive’s employment 
relationship or this Agreement shall be settled by arbitration. This 
agreement to arbitrate shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Any 
arbitration shall be in accordance with the Rules of the American 
Arbitration Association and undertaken pursuant to the Federal Arbitration 
Act. Arbitration will be held in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma unless the parties 
mutually agree on another location. The decision of the arbitrator(s) will 
be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties agree 
that punitive, liquidated or indirect damages shall not be awarded by the 
arbitrator(s) unless such damages would have been awarded by a court of 
competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this agreement to arbitrate, however, 
shall preclude the Company from obtaining injunctive relief from a court of 
competent jurisdiction prohibiting any ongoing breaches by Executive of 
this Agreement including, without limitation, violations of Section 9. If 
any contest or dispute arises between the Company and Executive regarding 
any provision of this Agreement, the arbitrator may award to the prevailing 
party, the reasonable attorney fees, costs and expenses incurred by the 
prevailing party in connection with such contest or dispute.


13.    Maximum Payments by the Company.


(a)    It is the objective of this Agreement to maximize Executive’s Net 
After-Tax Benefit (as defined herein) if payments or benefits provided 
under this Agreement are subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the 
Code. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, in the event 
that any payment or benefit by the Company or otherwise to or for the 
benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or 
distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, 
including, by example and not by way of limitation, acceleration by the 
Company or otherwise of the date of vesting or payment or rate of payment 
under any plan, program, arrangement or agreement of the Company (all such 
payments and benefits, including the payments and benefits under Section 7 
hereof, being hereinafter referred to as the “Total Payments”), would be 
subject (in whole or in part) to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of 
the Code (the “Excise Tax”), then the cash severance payments shall first 
be reduced, and the non-cash severance payments shall thereafter be 
reduced, to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments 
shall be subject to the Excise Tax, but only if (i) the net amount of such 
Total Payments, as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of 
federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and 
after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal 
exemptions attributable to such reduced Total Payments), is greater than or 
equal to (ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction 
(but after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income 
taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which 
Executive would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and 
after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal 
exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total Payments).



12

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(b)    The Total Payments shall be reduced by the Company in the following 
order: (i) reduction of any cash severance payments otherwise payable to 
Executive that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (ii) reduction of 
any other cash payments or benefits otherwise payable to Executive that are 
exempt from Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payments 
attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payments with respect to any 
equity award with respect to the Company’s common stock that is exempt from 
Section 409A of the Code, (iii) reduction of any other payments or benefits 
otherwise payable to Executive on a pro-rata basis or such other manner 
that complies with Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payments 
attributable to the acceleration of vesting and payments with respect to 
any equity award with respect to the Company’s common stock that are exempt 
from Section 409A of the Code, and (iv) reduction of any payments 
attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payments with respect to any 
other equity award with respect to the Company’s common stock that are 
exempt from Section 409A of the Code.


(c)    For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the 
Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion of the 
Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which Executive shall have 
waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a “payment” 
within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into 
account, (ii) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account 
which, in the written opinion of independent auditors of nationally 
recognized standing (“Independent Advisors”) selected by the Company, does 
not constitute a “parachute payment” within the meaning of Section 
280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the 
Code) and, in calculating the Excise Tax, no portion of such Total Payments 
shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of Independent Advisors, 
constitutes reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within 
the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the “base 
amount” (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such 
reasonable compensation, and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any 
deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be 
determined by the Independent Advisors in accordance with the principles of 
Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. The costs of obtaining such 
determination shall be borne by the Company.



14.    Agreement Binding on Successors.


(a)    Company’s Successors.  No rights or obligations of the Company under 
this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except that the Company will 
require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, 
reorganization, sale, transfer of stock, consolidation or otherwise) to all 
or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to 
expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and 
to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no 
succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, “Company” means the 
Company as herein defined, and any successor to its or the Company’s 
business and/or assets (by merger, purchase or otherwise) which executes 
and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 14 or which 
otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement 
by operation of law.



13

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(b)    Executive’s Successors.  No rights or obligations of Executive under 
this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by Executive other than his 
rights to payments or benefits under this Agreement, which may be 
transferred only by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Upon 
Executive’s death, this Agreement and all rights of Executive under this 
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive’s 
beneficiary, or personal or legal representatives, or estate, to the extent 
any such person succeeds to Executive’s interests under this Agreement. In 
the event of Executive’s death or a judicial determination of his 
incompetence, reference in this Agreement to Executive shall be deemed, 
where appropriate, to refer to his estate or other legal representative(s). 
If Executive should die following his Date of Termination while any amounts 
would still be payable to him under this Agreement if he had continued to 
live, unless otherwise provided, all such amounts shall be paid in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement to his beneficiary or personal 
or legal representatives or estate.


15.    Notice. For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all 
other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered either personally or 
by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid, addressed as follows:


            If to Executive:
            At his last known address
            evidenced on the Company’s
            payroll records.

            If to the Company:
            Chaparral Energy, Inc.
            701 Cedar Lake Boulevard
            Oklahoma City, OK 73114

or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in 
writing in accordance with this Agreement, except that notices of change of 
address shall be effective only upon receipt.










16.    Section 409A.



14

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(a)    To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in 
accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury 
regulations and other interpretative guidance issued thereunder, including 
without limitation any such regulations or other such guidance that may be 
issued after the Effective Date (“Section 409A”). Notwithstanding any 
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that following 
the Effective Date, the Company determines in good faith that any 
compensation or benefits payable under this Agreement may not be either 
exempt from or compliant with Section 409A, the Company shall adopt such 
amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies or procedures 
(including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effective), 
or take any other commercially reasonable actions necessary or appropriate 
to (i) preserve the intended tax treatment of the compensation and benefits 
payable hereunder, to preserve the economic benefits of such compensation 
and benefits, and/or to avoid less favorable accounting or tax consequences 
for the Company and/or (ii) to exempt the compensation and benefits payable 
hereunder from Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Section 
409A and thereby avoid the application of penalty taxes thereunder; 
provided, however, that this Section 17(a) does not, and shall not be 
construed so as to, create any obligation on the part of the Company to 
adopt any such amendments, policies or procedures or to take any other such 
actions or to indemnify Executive for any failure to do so.


(b)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Executive 
acknowledges and agrees that in the event that any tax is imposed under 
Section 409A in respect to any compensation or benefits payable to 
Executive, whether under this Agreement or otherwise, then (i) the payment 
of such tax shall be solely Executive’s responsibility, (ii) neither the 
Company, its affiliates nor any of their respective past or present 
directors, officers, employees or agents shall have any liability for any 
such tax and (iii) Executive shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the 
greatest extent permitted under law, each of the foregoing from and against 
any claims or liabilities that may arise in respect of any such tax.


(c)    To the extent that any of the rights or potential rights to future 
payments under the Change of Control Severance Agreement constitute 
“nonqualified deferred compensation” (within the meaning of Section 409A), 
if any, the termination of such rights is undertaken in accordance with and 
as permitted under Internal Revenue Code Treasury Regulation § 
1.409A-3(j)(ix)(B).


17.    Withholding. All payments hereunder will be subject to any required 
withholding of federal, state and local taxes pursuant to any applicable 
law or regulation


18.    Miscellaneous. No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, 
modified, or waived unless agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and 
by a duly authorized officer of the Company. No waiver by either party of 
any breach by the other party of any condition or provision of this 
Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or 
conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. The respective 
rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall survive 
Executive’s termination of employment and the termination of this Agreement 
to the extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and 
obligations. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of 
this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oklahoma 
without regard to its conflicts of law principles.


19.    Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or 
provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability 
of any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force 
and effect.



15

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


20.    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same instrument.


21.    Section Headings. The section headings in this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only, and they form no part of this Agreement and 
will not affect its interpretation.


22.    Entire Agreement. Except as provided elsewhere herein and except for 
the other documents and agreements contemplated in accordance herewith, 
this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect 
to its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, 
covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, 
whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any 
party to this Agreement with respect to such subject matter, including, 
without limitation the Change of Control Severance Agreement.


23.    Further Assurances. The parties hereby agree, without further 
consideration, to execute and deliver such other instruments or to take 
such other action as may reasonably be required to effectuate the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement.



[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



16

 LA\2083111.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective the 
date first above written.



“COMPANY”


                                 CHAPARRAL ENERGY, INC.




                              By:
                              /s/ Mark A. Fischer
                               
                              Mark A. Fischer
                               
                              President & Chief Executive Officer





“EXECUTIVE”



                               
                              /s/ Dave Winchester
                               
                              Dave Winchester



17

 LA\2083111.2