 EX-10.22 2 d638429dex1022.htm EX-10.22
Exhibit 10.22
 
 
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 

 

FORM 10-K
 

 

(Mark One)
x 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
ACT OF 1934
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013
or
 
¨ 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
for the transition period from                      to                     
.
Commission file number 000-55119
 

 

AP GAMING HOLDCO, INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
 

 

 
Delaware 	  	46-3698600
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
  	
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)
6680 Amelia Earhart Court Las Vegas, NV 89119
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
(702) 722-6700
(Registrants telephone number, including area code)
Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share
(Title of Class)
 

 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, 
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes  ¨    No  x
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports 
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  ¨    No  ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ¨    No  ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically 
and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File 
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such 
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such 
files).    Yes  ¨    No  ¨
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 
405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, 
and will not be contained, to the best of registrants knowledge, in 
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in 
Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, 
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting 
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated 
filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
 
Large accelerated filer 	  	¨ 	   	Accelerated filer 	  	¨
Non-accelerated filer 	  	x  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 	
   	Smaller reporting company 	  	¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as 
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  ¨    No  x
Neither the registrants voting common stock nor its non-voting common 
stock are publicly traded, and accordingly have no market value as of June 
28, 2013, the last business day of the registrants most recently completed 
second fiscal quarter. As of March 24, 2014, there were 10,000,000 shares 
of the Registrants common stock, $.01 par value per share, outstanding.
 
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	

 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

   	  	1 	  
PART I 	  

 ITEM 1.

  	

 BUSINESS

   	  	3 	  

 ITEM 1A.

  	

 RISK FACTORS

   	  	14 	  

 ITEM 1B.

  	

 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

   	  	25 	  

 ITEM 2.

  	

 PROPERTIES

   	  	25 	  

 ITEM 3.

  	

 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

   	  	25 	  

 ITEM 4.

  	

 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

   	  	25 	  
PART II 	  

 ITEM 5.

  	

 MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

   	  	26 	  

 ITEM 6.

  	

 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

   	  	26 	  

 ITEM 7.

  	

 MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS

   	  	27 	  

 ITEM 7A.

  	

 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

   	  	42 	  

 ITEM 8.

  	

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

   	  	42 	  

 ITEM 9.

  	

 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
 DISCLOSURE

   	  	42 	  

 ITEM 9A.

  	

 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

   	  	43 	  

 ITEM 9B.

  	

 OTHER INFORMATION

   	  	43 	  
PART III 	  

 ITEM 10.

  	

 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

   	  	44 	  

 ITEM 11.

  	

 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

   	  	46 	  

 ITEM 12.

  	

 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
 STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

   	  	48 	  

 ITEM 13.

  	

 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

   	  	48 	  

 ITEM 14.

  	

 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

   	  	50 	  
PART IV 	  

 ITEM 15.

  	

 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

   	  	50 	  
  	

 SIGNATURES

   	  	53 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements include any statements that address future 
results or occurrences. In some cases you can identify forward-looking 
statements by terminology such as may, might, will, would, 
should, could or the negatives thereof. Generally, the words 
anticipate, believe, continue, expect, intend, estimate, 
project, plan and similar expressions identify forward-looking 
statements. In particular, statements about our expectations, beliefs, 
plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance contained in 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk 
Factors and Item 2. Financial InformationManagements Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include 
statements that are not historical facts, including statements concerning 
our possible or assumed future actions and business strategies.

We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, 
assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these 
expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such 
forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside 
of our control, which could cause our actual results, performance or 
achievements to differ materially from any results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These 
risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to:
 
  	 	  	our ability to develop and manage frequent introductions of 
innovative products;
 
  	 	  	changing economic conditions and other factors that adversely 
affect the casino and gaming industry, the play levels of our participation 
games, product sales and our ability to collect outstanding receivables 
from our customers;
 
  	 	  	the effect of our substantial indebtedness on our ability to raise 
additional capital to fund our operations, react to changes in the economy 
or our industry and make debt service payments;
 
  	 	  	changes in player and operator preferences in participation games, 
which may adversely affect demand for our products;
 
  	 	  	increased competition in the gaming industry;
 
  	 	  	changing regulations, new interpretations of existing laws, or 
delays in obtaining or maintaining required licenses or approvals, which 
may affect our ability to operate in existing markets or expand into new 
jurisdictions;
 
  	 	  	changes in the regulatory scheme governing tribal gaming impacting 
our games and Native American customers, which could adversely affect 
revenues;
 
  	 	  	legal and regulatory uncertainties of gaming markets, including, 
without limitation, the ability to enforce contractual rights on Native 
American land;
 
  	 	  	legislation in states and other jurisdictions which may amend or 
repeal existing gaming legislation;
 
  	 	  	decreases in our revenue share percentage in our participation 
agreements with customers;
 
  	 	  	slow growth in the establishment of new gaming jurisdictions, 
declines in the rate of replacement of existing gaming machines and 
ownership changes and consolidation in the casino industry;
 
  	 	  	our ability to realize satisfactory returns on money lent to new 
and existing customers to develop or expand gaming facilities or to acquire 
gaming positions in gaming facilities;
 
  	 	  	adverse local economic, regulatory or licensing changes in 
Oklahoma, the state in which the majority of our revenue has been derived, 
or material decreases in our revenue with our largest customer, which 
comprised approximately 34% of our gaming revenue for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2013;
 
  	 	  	inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property;
 
  	 	  	future claims of litigation or intellectual property infringement 
or invalidity, and adverse outcomes of those claims;
 
  	 	  	failure to attract, retain and motivate key employees;
 
  	 	  	the security and integrity of our systems and products;
 
  	 	  	losses due to technical problems or fraudulent activities related 
to our gaming machines and online operations;
 
  	 	  	product defects which could damage our reputation and our results 
of operations;
 
  	 	  	quarterly fluctuation of our business;
 
  	 	  	certain restrictive open source licenses requiring us to make the 
source code of some of our products available to third parties and 
potentially granting third parties certain rights to the software;
 
  	 	  	recently introduced or proposed smoking bans on smoking at our 
facilities that may adversely affect our operations;
 
  	 	  	upon receipt of all required governmental approvals, AP Gaming 
VoteCo, LLC will be the sole holder of our voting common stock, par value 
$0.01 per share (Common Stock) and may have conflicts of interest with us 
in the future or interests that differ from the interests of holders of our 
non-voting common stock;
 
  	 	  	failure of our suppliers to meet our performance and quality 
standards or requirements could result in additional costs or loss of 
customers;
 
  	 	  	risks related to casino operations which are conducted at the 
discretion of our customers;
 
  	 	  	risks related to operations in foreign countries and outside of 
traditional U.S. jurisdictions; and
 
  	 	  	the other factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements are made only as of the date of this Annual Report. We do not 
undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update any such 
statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any such 
statements to reflect future events or developments unless required by 
federal securities law. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not 
possible for us to predict all such factors.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
PART I
 
ITEM 1. 	BUSINESS.

Unless the context indicates otherwise, or unless specifically stated 
otherwise, references to the Company, AP Gaming, Successor, we, 
our and us refer to AP Gaming Holdco Inc. and its consolidated 
subsidiaries, including AGS Capital, LLC (AGS Capital) and AGS, LLC.


Overview

We are a leading designer and manufacturer of Class II gaming machines for 
the Native American gaming market with an emerging presence in a broad 
range of commercial markets in the United States. As of December 31, 2013, 
we had 8,563 gaming machines in 184 gaming facilities in 19 U.S. states, 
with 154 gaming facilities under revenue sharing agreements and 30 
facilities under daily fixed fee agreements. The majority of our systems 
are used by Native American gaming operators in both Class II and Class III 
environments, with a recent expansion into the Illinois video gaming 
terminal, or VGT, market. Our products include electronic gaming machines, 
server-based systems and back-office systems that are used by casinos and 
other gaming locations.

We currently derive substantially all of our gaming revenues from lease 
agreements whereby we place gaming machines and systems at a customers 
facility in return for either a share of the revenues that these games and 
systems generate or a daily fee, which we collectively refer to as 
participation agreements and as our participation model. For the year 
ended December 31, 2013, approximately 97% of our total revenue was 
recurring, generated from participation agreements and other licensing 
fees. We believe that our participation model provides our customers with 
distinct advantages. By leasing our gaming machines to customers, we enable 
our customers to introduce new games in their facilities with minimal cost 
and financial risk. Additionally, the participation model directly aligns 
our interests with our customers through a shared dependence on the games 
performance. We successfully grew our domestic installed base of 
participation gaming machines every year from 2003 to December 31, 2013, 
and we remain highly focused on continuing to expand our domestic installed 
base of participation gaming machines in both our current and new markets. 
We have also substantially increased the number of markets in which we have 
participation gaming machines, from four U.S. states in 2006 to 19 U.S. 
states as of December 31, 2013. We also have historically generated revenue 
from the sale of gaming machines and systems. We expect gaming machine 
sales and systems sales to continue to play a role in our business and 
complement our core participation model as we expand into new gaming 
markets.

Our focus has been in the Native American segment of the gaming market, 
particularly Class II gaming, with 5,789 Class II machines installed in 
over 97 facilities across eight states. We also believe that we have a 
strong market position within Class II games in Oklahoma. The Oklahoma 
Native American gaming market is the third largest gaming market in the 
United States, with gaming revenues of approximately $3.8 billion in 2012, 
according to the Oklahoma Indian Gaming Association. From 2004 to 2012, we 
nearly doubled our installed base of Class II machines and increased our 
Class II market share from 9.7% to 20.4%. Unlike Class III gaming, which 
requires a compact with the state, Native American tribes have the 
authority to operate an unlimited number of Class II games without 
executing a compact so long as the states permit bingo-style gaming. Class 
II games are an attractive option for Native American tribes because, among 
other things:
 
  	 	  	revenue from Class II gaming is not shared with the state;
 
  	 	  	there are no limits on the number of Class II gaming machines that 
may be operated in any one facility; and
 
  	 	  	a strong Class II offering improves a tribes position when 
negotiating a Class III compact and the related taxes it pays to the 
respective state, as it lessens the tribes reliance on Class III games.

We have significant technical expertise in catering to local tastes within 
fragmented markets and are thus positioned to be a leading supplier of 
Class III machines to Illinois recently regulated route-based market. The 
Illinois route-based market is the result of the Illinois Video Gaming Act, 
which legalizes licensed liquor businesses to have up to five gaming 
terminals in locations such as bars, restaurants, truck stops, and 
fraternal and veterans organizations. The video gaming terminals in these 
establishments are operated by route operators who generally have games in 
multiple locations. We provide the games to the route operators through a 
lease. In order to maximize operator and location revenue, we developed a 
new multi-game terminal called Gamblers Choice, which is offered with a 
portfolio of games that are well-suited to player preferences for the route 
operated segment. We are also working in conjunction with select route 
operators to acquire and consolidate undercapitalized routes across 
Illinois in exchange for long-term contractual rights to provide our gaming 
machines at a fixed daily fee. As of December 31, 2013, we had 1,174 
terminals operating in Illinois.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class III markets represent a large untapped opportunity for us. Over the 
last three years, we have aggressively secured licenses in key commercial 
markets. As a result of our investments, we have more than tripled our 
addressable markets to 776 casinos and 614,000 gaming machines. We recently 
placed Class III units in Nevada and Louisiana and expect to commence 
placement of Class III gaming machines in New Jersey and Mississippi in the 
near term. Our key initiatives for the Class III market include (i) 
building a proprietary platform to enable us to develop customized product 
solutions and (ii) developing unique game concepts (such as the It Pays to 
Know series of games, pachinko-based topper games such as Caribbean Pearls
, and engaging games with strong player appeal such as Blackbeards 
Treasure). We intend to focus on niche placements of these and other 
premium games to drive growth. As of December 31, 2013, we have 
successfully placed our gaming machines in 23 casinos with an average of 57 
games per location (excluding Oklahoma).

We have leveraged our leadership position in Class II content, our flexible 
technology platform that offers titles in both Class II and Class III 
formats, and our strong customer relationships to penetrate our core 
markets. Under our participation model, customers rely on us to select the 
mix of titles, maintain and service the equipment, and oversee promotional 
efforts for our titles. These dynamics foster strong long-term customer 
relationships, as demonstrated by the fact that our top ten participation 
model customers have been with us for an average of over eight years. In 
addition, our customer location retention rate as of December 31, 2013, was 
96%.

Within Native American and other segments of the gaming industry, we focus 
on providing content for the local player. We believe that locals-oriented 
markets have greater consistency and visibility in performance than larger 
destination markets and have strong growth characteristics. Based on our 
internal research, we believe local players visit casinos with high 
frequency and demonstrate strong loyalty to gaming titles. Locals-oriented 
markets have proven to be more resilient during economic downturns, and we 
believe we are well-positioned to benefit from gaming expansion as states 
with recently passed legislation such as Florida, Illinois, Maryland, 
Massachusetts, Ohio and Pennsylvania continue to legalize various forms of 
gaming. We believe our understanding of these locals-oriented markets, 
early focus on new market opportunities and market-specific strategies and 
products distinguish us from many of our competitors.

We have built a strong management team and increased our product 
development capability in order to capitalize on our attractive market 
position and growth opportunities in our current and new markets. In 
addition, we have significantly increased our pipeline of new titles 
through continued investment in internal content development capabilities 
and increased efforts on leveraging third-party developers. We believe our 
expanded content library consisting of our core and new titles will allow 
us to drive incremental revenue from our domestic installed base of 8,563 
gaming machines, gain additional placements in our current markets and 
penetrate new markets.


Business Strategy

We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new business 
strategies, products, services and technologies. We intend to pursue the 
following strategies as part of our overall business strategy:
 
  	 	  	Continue to expand our library of proprietary content. We will 
continue our focused efforts to develop games, both internally and through 
partnerships with third parties, tailored to our target markets. 
Investments in expanding our content have created a new title pipeline of 
28 games that we released in 2013 (22 of which were developed internally), 
which equals the 28 titles we brought to market from 2002 to 2010 combined. 
Our proprietary game library grew from nine active titles in 2011 to 87 
active titles at the end of 2013.
 
  	 	  	Improve yield on existing customer installed base by managing 
title mix. We believe that more effective management of the title mix 
across our domestic installed base of 8,563 participation gaming machines 
in 169 gaming facilities represents an opportunity to generate incremental 
earnings growth without requiring growth in our domestic installed base of 
participation gaming machines. In addition, we expect improved game 
performance will likely drive incremental gaming machine placements within 
our customers facilities.
 
  	 	  	Develop niche products for expansion into traditional gaming 
markets. With 979 casinos in 41 U.S. states as of December 31, 2013, and 
the replacement cycle on equipment at a cyclical low, we believe the market 
potential for new games is favorable. We will target the introduction of a 
small number of niche participation gaming machines to a large number of 
casinos. As of December 31, 2013, we are licensed to operate in 24 U.S. 
states, containing approximately 776 casinos in the aggregate.
 
  	 	  	Execute on contracted Illinois VGT rollout. We have significant 
technical expertise in catering to the local tastes within fragmented 
markets and are positioned to be one of the leading suppliers to Illinois 
recently regulated route gaming market. To target this nascent route-based 
market, we have developed new products and features, including games, 
titles and bonus features specifically for the Illinois VGT market and a 
statewide player reward program.
 
  	 	  	Continue expansion into Class III markets and increase penetration 
in Class II markets. We have a foothold of 1,600 Class III recurring 
revenue placements (excluding Illinois), and we plan to continue expanding 
in this market. Utilizing new, recently-issued gaming licenses, we expect 
to begin placing and selling Class III products in five new jurisdictions 
(Nevada, Mississippi, Louisiana, New Jersey and Connecticut). We also 
anticipate growing our presence in Class III markets where we currently 
operate, such as Oklahoma, Florida and California, by placing additional 
content from our expanding library of games in these states. In addition, 
we believe that our existing core Class II product offering is among the 
strongest in the industry today. We expect to continue gaining market share 
in existing Class II jurisdictions and are focused on penetrating newly 
licensed jurisdictions.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Company History

The Acquisition

We are a Delaware corporation that was formed in August 2013 to acquire, 
through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, 100% of the 
equity in AGS Capital, LLC (AGS Capital, Predecessor) from AGS 
Holdings, LLC (AGS Holdings).

On September 16, 2013, AGS Holdings, LLC, AGS Capital and AP Gaming 
Acquisition, LLC (AP Gaming Acquisition), an indirect wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company and an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, LLC 
(Apollo), entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (as subsequently 
amended and restated on December 3, 2013, the Acquisition Agreement). The 
Acquisition Agreement provided for the purchase of 100% of the equity of 
AGS Capital from AGS Holdings (the Acquisition) by AP Gaming Acquisition 
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $220.5 million. The 
Acquisition was consummated on December 20, 2013 (the Closing Date).

The Acquisition was financed in part by the Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities (as defined herein), which are comprised of the $155 million 
Term Facility and the $25 million Revolving Facility (each, as defined 
herein). AP Gaming I, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AP 
Gaming, is the borrower of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, which are 
guaranteed by AP Gaming Holdings, LLC (AP Gaming Holdings), AP Gaming I, 
LLCs direct parent company, and each of AP Gaming I, LLCs direct and 
indirect material wholly owned domestic subsidiaries including AGS Capital.


Predecessor History

In September 2005, AGS, LLC (AGS), a direct wholly owned subsidiary of 
AGS Capital, LLC, acquired Clapper Enterprises, Inc. and Worldwide Game 
Technology Corp., collectively referred to as CEI. Prior to 2002, CEI 
focused on the Class II market, utilizing new game and system software 
provided through its partnership with Bluberi. CEIs primary market was 
Oklahoma, which was a non-compacted, Class II-only Native American market 
at this time. From 2002 to 2004, CEI grew their installed base of 
participation gaming machines from several hundred to approximately 3,000, 
of which approximately 89% were located in Oklahoma, with the remaining 
machines located in New York, Wyoming and Texas. See Item 7. Managements 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
OperationsAcquisitions and Divestitures.

Our historical growth primarily has been accomplished by expanding our 
installed base of participation gaming machines through increased 
penetration of existing markets and the expansion into new markets. As of 
December 31, 2013, we had 8,563 gaming machines in 19 U.S. states. AGS 
Capital added the game sale model in 2008 to complement its participation 
strategy. In 2010, AGS Capital recruited a new CEO and several highly 
accomplished executives to its management team. In July 2010, AGS Capital 
reorganized its business by reducing staff and consolidating its field 
service operations to its Oklahoma facility which led to the closure of its 
Canoga Park, California facility and the closure of its Simpsonville, South 
Carolina facility. In January 2012, AGS Capital agreed to terminate its 
existing distribution agreement with Bluberi, which provided gaming content 
and software systems in exchange for certain royalties, and to acquire 
certain rights to gaming content and software systems covered thereunder.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Corporate Structure

The following chart summarizes our current corporate structure:
 
[LOGO]
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following chart summarizes our corporate structure upon receipt of all 
required governmental regulatory approvals:
 
[LOGO]


Apollo Overview

Founded in 1990, Apollo is a leading global alternative investment manager 
with offices in New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, 
Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai. As of December 31, 2013 and 
2012, Apollo had assets under management of $161 billion and $113 billion, 
respectively, invested in its private equity, capital markets and real 
estate businesses.

Apollo has a long history of successfully investing in leisure and 
site-based entertainment. Investments include resorts, cruise lines, 
gaming, spas, golf and restaurants. Apollo has a deep understanding and 
significant experience in the development / construction, marketing and 
cross-selling activities for these assets, as well as a broad network of 
industry professionals.

Apollo is currently invested in Caesars Entertainment Corporation, the 
worlds largest and most diversified casino-entertainment provider and the 
most geographically diverse U.S. casino-entertainment company with 61,900 
slot machines, Gala Coral Group, one of Europes pre-eminent betting and 
gaming businesses with 7,082 slot machines and three cruise line companies, 
Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises, with 
approximately 2,950 slot machines in the aggregate.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Our Operations

Under our participation agreements, we provide customers with gaming 
machines, systems software, computer hardware, signage and other equipment 
for operation within their gaming facilities. In return we receive a share 
of the revenue generated by these gaming machines and systems or a daily 
fee. The determination of whether our agreement results in a revenue share 
or daily fee arrangement is generally governed by local gaming 
jurisdictions. For our revenue share arrangements, we have historically 
shared between 15  20% of the revenues generated by the gaming machines. 
Under our participation agreements, we participate in selecting the mix of 
titles, maintain and service the equipment, and oversee certain promotional 
efforts. In support of our business and operations, we employ a 
professional staff including field service technicians, production, sales, 
account management, marketing, technology and game development, licensing 
and compliance, finance and administration.

Our field service technicians are responsible for installing, maintaining 
and servicing our player terminals and systems. Our field service operation 
including our call center, which operates 24 hours a day, seven days a 
week, is managed out of our Oklahoma facility. We can also access most of 
our gaming machines and systems remotely from approved remote locations to 
provide software updates and routine maintenance. In addition, our gaming 
machine and system production facility is also located in and managed out 
of Oklahoma.

Sales, account management and marketing are managed through our Oklahoma, 
Las Vegas and Illinois locations. Sales and account management oversees the 
customer relationship both at the individual location and corporate level 
and are responsible for developing new customer relationships. Account 
management is in charge of running on-site promotions and corporate 
sponsorship programs. In addition, our marketing team is in charge of 
general corporate marketing, including advertisements and participation at 
industry trade shows.

Our technology and game development division operates primarily out of our 
Toronto location and secondarily out of our Las Vegas location. We employ 
game developers, software and system programmers, project managers and 
other development and administrative staff that oversee our internal game 
development efforts and manage third party relationships.

Our legal, licensing and compliance division operates out of our Las Vegas 
and Oklahoma locations. Our licensing and compliance division oversees the 
application and renewal of our corporate gaming licenses, findings of 
suitability for key officers and directors and certification of our gaming 
equipment and systems for specific jurisdictions, as well as coordinating 
gaming equipment and software shipping and onsite and remote service of our 
equipment with gaming authorities.

Our finance and administration division is located in our corporate 
headquarters in Las Vegas. Finance and administration oversees financial 
reporting, cash management, human resources and other administrative and 
corporate functions.


Products

We provide our customers with gaming machines, systems software, computer 
hardware, signage and other equipment for operation within their gaming 
facilities.


Roadrunner Platform

We received regulatory approval for the Roadrunner platform in 2012. The 
Roadrunner platform represents a substantial advancement from our legacy 
Encore platform, both in terms of user interface and platform architecture. 
We designed Roadrunner to be a leading Class II gaming platform with the 
capability to port Class III outcomes within a Class II construct with 
limited degradation in game play. Since Roadrunner is able to run in both 
Class II and Class III formats, we are able to develop both Class II and 
Class III titles for the platform, and can also easily retrofit it to 
certain of our existing products.

Utilizing both in-house and third party providers, we have created a 
portfolio of new titles for the Roadrunner platform. The Roadrunner 
platform was designed with our revenue share model in mind, and title 
conversions can be executed by loading software off of a USB drive. 
Roadrunner is also compatible with downloadable conversions, however 
regulatory standards in most jurisdictions do not currently permit this 
technology.


Gaming Titles

Prior to 2010, we relied solely on external content providers, and 
currently approximately 85% of our installed base runs on externally 
developed platforms. We have strategically shifted our focus to create new 
internal content, however, and our research and development program has 
been the largest contributor to our new titles over the past two years. As 
a result, we expect internally generated content to be a larger source of 
our installed base going forward.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
We have four categories of gaming titles: Standard, Premium, Bluberi and 
Colossal. Our Standard and Premium products utilize internally produced 
content, while our Bluberi and Colossal products utilize externally 
produced content. We acquired rights to the Bluberi products and titles in 
2012 and also signed an exclusive distribution agreement with Colossal 
Gaming in 2012 for the California, Oklahoma, Washington, Florida, New York 
and Texas markets.


Core Titles

We partnered with Bluberi beginning in 2002 to develop our initial set of 
Class II games for release in the Oklahoma market. Under this agreement, we 
paid Bluberi a licensing fee equal to a percentage of revenues earned on 
titles placed in casinos that operated on Bluberis proprietary platform. 
This collaboration resulted in the development of successful core titles, 
such as Royal Reels, Cool Catz and Liberty 7s, which are among the top ten 
Class II games in the market today. These titles have historically been the 
highest gross earners in our product portfolio and as of December 31, 2013, 
represented 52% of our installed base and 61% of our total revenue. In May 
2012, we negotiated a purchase agreement with Bluberi for the licensing and 
royalty rights to Royal Reels, Cool Catz and Liberty 7s, among others. We 
believe that there is significant value in these brands, and we plan to 
leverage them through developing title extensions on the Roadrunner 
platform.


Roadrunner Titles

We continue to launch our Premium titles in three primary formats: 
mechanical wheel top box, mechanical pachinko top box and 42 vertical 
slant top. These self-merchandising cabinet formats are Premium in nature 
and atheistically appealing to the casino customer. The variety of formats 
allows for an appropriate level of experimentation of unique selling 
propositions within our product.

We have entered into licensing agreements with a number of top brands and 
are developing a series of trivia-based games which will be marketed as the 
It Pays to Know series. The brands include Ripleys Believe it or Not!, 
Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader? and Family Feud. For each brand, we 
intend to take to market at least two different products to maximize the 
potential of creating a hit franchise. In December 2012, we launched 
Blackbeards Treasure, a culmination of the unique bonus schemes, play 
mechanisms and game features developed for the Roadrunner platform. It 
represents the first game on the Roadrunner platform which will be featured 
in a Premium format.


Specialty Game Concepts

Our Diamond Lotto game has quickly become one of the leading grossing games 
in the state of Florida since its launch in 2009. To build on Diamond Lotto
s success and increase its presence in the Florida market, in the future 
we will be launching the Lottomania Multi-Game, featuring line extensions 
that include Shamrock Lotto, Great West Lotto, Ruby Lotto and Jewel Lotto. 
We plan to replicate the success of Diamond Lotto in other Class III gaming 
markets where we have a smaller footprint.

We introduced our Gamblers Choice multi-game unit, designed specifically 
for the Illinois VGT market, in September 2012. This unit runs on our 
Roadrunner platform and enables us to offer up to 24 titles per terminal, 
including traditional reel games, classic card games and specialty poker 
products in order to maximize operator and location revenue. We researched 
the market intensively to carefully create a portfolio of games that are 
well suited to player preferences for a route operated market. The 
resulting mix is a collection that includes several of our highest grossing 
titles as well as external content that was specifically licensed for use 
in the Illinois market. Among the offerings is Cherry Master, a game that 
we in-licensed and recreated for the Illinois VGT market.


Third Party Content

Our product strategy also involves title development utilizing independent 
design studios to create content on the new Roadrunner platform. In 
November 2011, we entered into an exclusive rights agreement to license 
five titles, with an option to expand, from Gametech Internationals video 
lottery terminal library for use in the Illinois market. We are also 
implementing the first of three titles that we acquired from Design Works 
Gaming, an independent studio based in Phoenix. The first of these titles 
is Armadillo Artie, which was launched in the third quarter of 2013.

In September 2012, we entered into an exclusive distribution agreement with 
Colossal Gaming to distribute Colossals Class II and Class III games in 
California, Florida, New York, Oklahoma, Texas and Washington. As part of 
the distribution agreement, we will provide sales and service for Colossal 
designed games. Colossals products offer a unique selling proposition with 
creatively designed oversized games. For example, the Big Red cabinet is 
over eight feet wide and we believe is one of the top games in both 
California and Oklahoma. More recently, we expanded our development 
agreement with Colossal to include three Colossal titles that will be 
developed on our GT5000 cabinet for sale or deployment in all jurisdictions 
where we are licensed.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Product Strategy

Our product strategy is to develop unique Premium product offerings and 
create our own product categories and subcategories featuring these Premium 
offerings. We will also test various unique game play methods on our 
Standard series of games which will also be used to manage yield in the 
existing installed base. Our growing library of new Standard titles 
provides us with a broader selection to actively manage our title mix and 
keep our installed base fresh with new popular content.

For Premium games, we intend to become the market leader in sub-categories 
wherever possible. For example, our It Pays to Know series of games will 
feature well-known brands such as Ripleys Believe it or Not!, Are You 
Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? and Family Feud. All games in the It Pays to 
Know series will also include a trivia bonus feature, which is unique to 
our games. We believe this strategy will allow us to maintain our market 
leadership within our Class II base in existing markets and to expand into 
Class III casinos in other key jurisdictions.


Manufacturing

We have a manufacturing agreement with Cole Kepro International, LLC (
Cole) to build our gaming cabinets. We believe we have limited 
concentration risk with Cole, since we own the rights to our cabinet 
designs and thus have the ability to change manufacturers in the event of a 
dispute. Cole is based in Las Vegas, Nevada and is owned by Kepro 
International, a large international manufacturing company with multiple 
manufacturing facilities. We believe our gaming cabinets can easily be 
designed at another of Kepros plants in the event of an unforeseen 
interruption at Coles Las Vegas plant.

Our gaming machine and system production facility is also located in and 
managed out of Oklahoma. Production at this facility includes assembling 
and refurbishing gaming machines (excluding gaming cabinets) and servers, 
parts support and purchasing. Field service technicians are located in 
various jurisdictions throughout the U.S. and are dispatched from a central 
call center located in our Oklahoma facility. They are responsible for 
installing, maintaining and servicing the player terminals and systems.

Manufacturing commitments are generally based on projected quarterly orders 
from customers. Due to uneven order flow from customers, component parts 
common to all gaming machines are purchased and assembled into a partial 
product that are inventoried to be able to quickly fill final customer 
orders.

We generally warrant our new gaming machines sold in the United States for 
a period of 365 days, while we warrant our gaming machines sold 
internationally for a period of 180 days to one year. Our warranty costs 
have not been significant.


Customers

We believe the quality and breadth of our customer base is a strong 
testament to the effectiveness and quality of our product offerings, 
technological innovation and customer service. At the core of our 
relationship with our customers is our participation model, which aligns 
our financial incentives with those of our customers through a shared 
dependence on the games performance. The combination of our 
customer-aligned participation model, quality customer service and strong 
game performance has allowed us to develop long-term relationships with our 
tribal and commercial casino customers. We have a strong customer location 
renewal rate, which averaged 96% as of December 31, 2013. Our top ten 
participation customers have been with us for an average of over eight 
years, and we believe that we maintain long-term relationships with key 
customer decision-makers. The combination of our customer-aligned 
participation model, attentive customer service and superior game 
performance has allowed us to develop long-term relationships with our 
tribal and commercial casino customers. As of December 31, 2013, we had 
8,563 gaming machines in 19 U.S. states.

Oklahoma is our largest market and our participation gaming machines in the 
state accounted for approximately 78% of our total revenue for the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2013. Our largest customer is the Chickasaw Nation, 
a Native American gaming operator in Oklahoma, which accounted for 
approximately 34% of our gaming revenue for the fiscal year ended December 
31, 2013. The revenues we earn from the Chickasaw Nation are derived from 
numerous agreements. One such agreement, which covers our leasing of 200 
units for the Winstar project, is scheduled to expire May 11, 2014, while 
the other agreements are scheduled to expire between 2015 and 2018. We have 
historically offered select existing and prospective customers financing 
for casino development and expansion projects in exchange for exclusive 
rights to a percentage of their floor space. In addition to our long-term 
relationships and contractual arrangements, the consistent demand for our 
titles from the loyal, repeat players of our titles further ensures our 
strong presence on our customers casino floors.

Within the Native American market, we provide both Class II and Class III 
games. We also serve customers in commercial, video lottery terminal, 
charity bingo and route-based markets.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Customer Contracts

We derive the majority of our gaming revenues from participation agreements 
whereby we place gaming machines and systems, along with our proprietary 
and other licensed game content, at a customers facility in return for a 
share of the revenues that these gaming machines and systems generate or a 
daily fee. We measure the performance of our domestic installed base of 
participation gaming machines on the net win per day per machine, often 
referred to as the win per day, or WPD. Under our participation agreements, 
we earn a percentage of the WPD of our domestic installed base of 
participation gaming machines. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, 
our average revenue share was 18.9% and the average WPD of our domestic 
installed base of participation gaming machines increased 3.6% compared to 
the prior year.

Our standard participation contracts run one to three years in duration and 
may contain auto-renewal provisions for an additional term. Our contracts 
generally specify the number of gaming machines and other equipment to be 
provided, revenue share, daily fee or other pricing, provisions regarding 
installation, training, service and removal of the machines, and other 
terms and conditions standard in the industry. In some circumstances, we 
enter into trial agreements with customer that provide a free or fee-based 
trial period during which the customer may use our gaming machines. Each 
trial agreement lays out the terms of payment should the customer decide to 
continue using our machines.

Our development or similar agreements in the Native American and other 
markets may involve both a loan or advance of funds and a gaming equipment 
lease agreement. These agreements are typically longer term contracts, 
ranging from four to ten years depending on the amount of financing 
provided, market and other factors. These contracts specify the amount and 
timing of the advances that we will provide, the uses of those funds, and 
target timing for the construction or remodeling of the gaming facility, if 
applicable. In addition, the contracts specify the repayment terms of the 
loans which vary by customer and agreement. Typical terms contained in 
these agreements include the percentage of the floor, minimum number of 
gaming machines, or percentage of the route operation allocated to us, the 
associated term or period of exclusivity for that allocation or number of 
gaming machines, minimum game performance thresholds, cure periods and 
resulting obligations, if any, and other general terms and conditions. 
Certain of these development agreements also contain a buyout option, which 
provides that upon written notice and payment of a buyout fee, the customer 
can terminate our floor space privileges. The IGRA states that a Native 
American tribe must have the sole proprietary interest in its gaming (25 
U.S.C. § 2710(b)(2)(A)). To the extent that any of our agreements with 
Native American tribes are deemed by the NIGC to create an impermissible 
proprietary interest, such agreements would need to be amended in order to 
be valid. To our knowledge, none of our current agreements with Native 
American tribes create an impermissible proprietary interest in Indian 
gaming. As of the consummation of the Acquisition, approximately $11.0 
million of the notes receivable remain with the Seller.

We generally make efforts to obtain waivers of sovereign immunity in our 
contracts with Native American customers. However, we do not always obtain 
these provisions and where we do they can be limited in scope. There is no 
guarantee that we will continue or improve our ability to get this term in 
future contracts. While we have not had any experience with contract 
enforceability vis-à-vis our Native American customers, we are cognizant of 
recent cases involving other parties dealing with waivers of sovereign 
immunity. Those cases put into question how sovereign immunity may be 
viewed by courts in the future. In the event that we enter into contracts 
with Native American customers in the future that do not contain a waiver 
of sovereign immunity, such contracts may be practically unenforceable.

Our game sale contracts are typical of those in the industry. They specify 
the general terms and conditions of the sale, equipment and services to be 
provided, as well as pricing and payment terms. In some cases, we provide 
the central server that is used to operate the purchased equipment on a 
lease and charge a fee per day based on the number of gaming machines 
connected to the server.


Research and Development

We conduct research and development through an internal team to develop new 
gaming systems and gaming content. Research and development costs consist 
primarily of salaries and benefits, travel and expenses and other 
professional services. We employ approximately 60 game developers, software 
and system programmers, project managers and other development and 
administrative staff that oversee internal game development efforts and 
manage third party relationships. The technology and game development 
division operates primarily out of our Toronto location as well as in Las 
Vegas.


Competition

We encounter intense competition from other designers, manufacturers and 
operators of electronic gaming machines and systems. Our competitors range 
from small, localized companies to large, multi-national corporations, 
several of which have substantial resources and market share.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Our competitors include, but are not limited to, International Game 
Technologies, or IGT, WMS Industries Inc., Bally Technologies, Inc., or 
Bally, Aristocrat Technologies Inc., or Aristocrat, Video Gaming 
Technologies, Inc., or VGT, Multimedia Games, Inc., or MGAM, Konami Co. 
Ltd., or Konami, and Cadillac Jack. Many of our competitors are large, 
well-established companies with substantially larger operating staffs and 
greater capital resources and have been engaged in the design, manufacture 
and operation of electronic gaming equipment business for many years. Some 
of these companies contain significant intellectual property including 
patents in gaming technology and hardware design, systems and game play and 
trademarks. In addition, the larger competitors contain significantly 
larger content portfolios and content development capability and resources, 
are licensed in markets throughout the United States, and have 
international distribution. Bally, IGT, Konami, and Aristocrat all have a 
presence in the back-office accounting and player tracking business which 
expands their relationship with casino customers. VGT, Cadillac Jack and 
MGAM are our primary competitors in the Class II market.

To compete effectively, we must, among other things, continue to develop 
high performing games for the Class II market, provide excellent service 
and support to our existing customers, effectively manage our installed 
base of participation gaming machines, expand our library of proprietary 
content, develop niche products with strong appeal to local players, be 
first to market in new non-traditional markets, implement effective 
marketing and sales functions, and offer competitive pricing and terms on 
our participation and sale agreements.


Intellectual Property

We have a combination of internally developed and third-party intellectual 
property, all of which we believe maintain and enhance our competitive 
position and protect our products. Such intellectual property includes 
owned or licensed patents, patent applications, trademarks and trademark 
applications in the United States and Canada. In addition, pursuant to our 
license agreements with third-party game developers, we license and 
distribute gaming software.


Seasonality

Seasonality

Historically, our operating results have been highest during the first 
quarter and lowest in our third and fourth quarters, primarily due to the 
seasonality of player demand. Our quarterly operating results may vary 
based on the timing of the opening of new gaming jurisdictions, the opening 
or closing of casinos, the expansion or contraction of existing casinos, 
approval or denial of our products and corporate licenses under gaming 
regulations, the introduction of new products, the seasonality of customer 
capital budgets, the mix of domestic versus international sales and the mix 
of lease and royalty revenue versus sales and service revenue.


Inflation

Our operations have not been, nor are they expected to be in the future, 
materially affected by inflation. However, our operational expansion is 
affected by the cost of hardware components, which are not considered to be 
inflation sensitive, but rather, sensitive to changes in technology and 
competition in the hardware markets. In addition, we expect to continue to 
incur increased legal and other similar costs associated with regulatory 
compliance requirements and the uncertainties present in the operating 
environment in which we conduct our business.


Employees

We employ a professional staff, including field service technicians, 
production, sales, account management, marketing, technology and game 
development, licensing and compliance, finance and administration, to 
support our business and operations. As of December 31, 2013, we had 214 
full-time employees in 11 different U.S. states and Toronto, Canada and no 
part-time employees. We are not a party to any collective bargaining 
agreements and have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages in the 
past.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Regulation and Licensing

We operate in numerous gaming jurisdictions, and our operations are subject 
to applicable federal, state, tribal and foreign governmental regulations 
as applicable in each of the gaming jurisdictions in which we operate. A 
significant portion of our operations take place at facilities conducting 
gaming activities on the tribal lands of Native American tribes resulting 
in our operations being subject to tribal and/or federal and sometimes 
state regulations depending on the classification of gaming being conducted 
in each such case as defined in the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, or IGRA. 
In states where commercial gaming has been legalized, our operations are 
conducted subject to the applicable law of each such state and applicable 
federal laws.

While the specific regulatory requirements of each state and tribal 
jurisdiction vary, gaming regulatory authorities typically require 
licenses, permits, findings of integrity and financial ability, and other 
forms of approval to conduct operations as a gaming equipment manufacturer 
and/or provider of gaming related services. It is common for regulators to 
require reporting and disclosure concerning our activities in other gaming 
jurisdictions, resulting in the possibility that business activities or 
disciplinary action against us in one jurisdiction could result in 
disciplinary action in other jurisdictions. In addition, our officers, key 
employees, directors, major stockholders and, in some cases, equity holders 
and lenders are also each subject to licensure and/or suitability findings 
in connection with our operations. If regulators in any jurisdiction in 
which we conduct business determine that any officer, key employee, 
director, major stockholder (or other person or entity affiliated with us 
and subject to regulatory scrutiny under the regulations of such 
jurisdiction) is unsuitable to participate in the gaming industry in such 
jurisdiction, then we could be required to terminate our relationship with 
such person. In addition, many jurisdictions require our products to be 
tested for compliance with the jurisdictions regulations prior to our 
being permitted to distribute our products.

Our officers, key employees and operational entities have obtained or 
applied for all required government licenses, permits, registrations, 
findings of suitability, and approvals necessary to manufacture and 
distribute gaming products in all jurisdictions where we currently do 
business. In most jurisdictions, even once licensed or approved, we remain 
under the ongoing obligation to keep the applicable gaming regulators 
informed of any material changes in the information provided to regulators 
as part of the licensing and approval process, and all licenses and 
approvals must be periodically renewed, in some cases as often as annually. 
In connection with any initial application or renewal of a gaming license 
or approval, we (and any individual required to submit to background review 
or licensure in connection with our application or renewal) are typically 
required to make broad and comprehensive disclosures concerning our 
business, including our finances, ownership and corporate structure, 
operations, compliance controls and business relationships. We must 
regularly report changes in our officers, key employees and other licensed 
positions to applicable gaming regulators. Gaming regulators typically have 
the right to disapprove any change in position by one of our officers, 
directors, or key employees, or require us to suspend or dismiss officers, 
directors, or other key employees and cause us to sever relationships with 
other persons or entities who refuse to file appropriate applications, or 
whom are found to be unsuitable.

Certain gaming jurisdictions in which we are licensed may prohibit us from 
making a public offering of our securities without their prior approval. 
Similarly, changes in control of a licensee through merger, consolidation, 
acquisition of assets or stock, management or any form of takeover 
typically cannot occur without the prior approval of applicable gaming 
regulators. Such regulators may also require controlling stockholders, 
officers, directors, and other persons or entities having a material 
relationship or involvement with the entity proposing to acquire control, 
to be investigated, and licensed as part of the approval process relating 
to the transaction.

Gaming regulators often have the power to investigate the holders of our 
debt or equity securities. If any holder of our debt or equity securities 
is found unsuitable by any gaming regulator in a jurisdiction in which we 
conduct business, our licensure or approval to conduct business in such 
jurisdiction could be subject to non-renewal, suspension or forfeiture.

Most gaming jurisdictions impose fees and taxes that are payable by us in 
connection with our application, maintenance and renewal of our licensure 
or our approval to conduct business.


Federal Registration

The Gambling Devices Act of 1962 makes it unlawful for a person to 
manufacture, transport, or receive gaming devices, or components across 
interstate lines unless that person has first registered with the Attorney 
General of the U.S. Department of Justice. This act also imposes gambling 
device identification and record keeping requirements. Violation of this 
act may result in seizure and forfeiture of the equipment, as well as other 
penalties. As an entity involved in the manufacture and transportation of 
gaming devices, we are required to register annually.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Native American Gaming

The rules for Native American gaming were established in 1988 under the 
IGRA. Under the IGRA, gaming activities conducted by federally recognized 
Native American tribes are segmented into three classes of gaming 
activities:

Class I. Class I gaming represents traditional forms of Native American 
gaming as part of, or in connection with, tribal ceremonies or celebrations 
(e.g., contests and games of skill) and social gaming for minimal prizes. 
Class I gaming is regulated only by individual Native American tribes. We 
do not participate in any Class I gaming activities.

Class II. Class II gaming involves the game of chance commonly known as 
bingo (whether or not electronic, computer, or other technological aids are 
used in connection therewith to facilitate play) and if played in the same 
location as the bingo, pull tabs, punch board, tip jars, instant bingo, and 
other games similar to bingo. Class II gaming also includes non-banked card 
games, that is, games that are played exclusively against other players 
rather than against the house or a player acting as a bank. However, the 
definition of Class II gaming specifically excludes slot machines or 
electronic facsimiles of Class III games. Class II gaming is regulated by 
the National Indian Gaming Commission (the NIGC) and the laws of the 
Native American tribe conducting such gaming. Subject to the detailed 
requirements of the IGRA, federally recognized Native American tribes are 
typically permitted to conduct Class II gaming on Indian lands pursuant to 
tribal ordinances approved by the NIGC.

Class III. Class III gaming includes all other forms of gaming that are 
neither Class I nor Class II and includes a broad range of traditional 
casino games such as slot machines, blackjack, craps and roulette, as well 
as wagering games and electronic facsimiles of any game of chance. The IGRA 
generally permits Native American tribes to conduct Class III gaming 
activities on reservation lands subject to the detailed requirements of the 
IGRA, including NIGC approval of the Native American tribes gaming 
ordinance and the entering into of a compact between the Native American 
tribe and the state in which the Native American tribe intends to conduct 
Class III gaming activities on its trust lands.

The IGRA is administered by the NIGC and the Secretary of the U.S. 
Department of the Interior. The NIGC has authority to issue regulations 
related to tribal gaming activities, approve tribal ordinances for 
regulating gaming, approve management agreements for gaming facilities, 
conduct investigations and monitor tribal gaming generally. The IGRA is 
subject to interpretation by the NIGC and may be subject to judicial and 
legislative clarification or amendment. The gaming ordinance of each Native 
American tribe conducting gaming under the IGRA and the terms of any 
applicable tribal/state compact establish the regulatory requirements under 
which we must conduct business on Native American tribal lands.

Under the IGRA, the NIGCs authority to approve gaming related contracts is 
limited to management contracts and collateral agreements related to 
management contracts. A management contract includes any agreement 
between a Native American tribe and a contractor if such contract or 
agreement provides for the management of all or part of a gaming operation. 
To the extent that any of our agreements with Native American tribes are 
deemed to be management contracts, such agreements would require the 
approval of the NIGC in order to be valid. To our knowledge, none of our 
current agreements with Native American tribes qualify as management 
contracts under the IGRA.

In addition, as discussed above under CustomersCustomer Contracts, to 
the extent that any of our agreements with Native American tribes are 
deemed by the NIGC to create an impermissible proprietary interest, such 
agreements would need to be amended in order to be valid. To our knowledge, 
none of our current agreements with Native American tribes create an 
impermissible proprietary interest in Indian gaming.


International Regulation

Certain foreign countries permit the importation, sale, and operation of 
gaming equipment in casino and non-casino environments. Some countries 
prohibit or restrict the payout feature of the traditional slot machine or 
limit the operation and the number of slot machines to a controlled number 
of casinos or casino-like locations. Each gaming machine must comply with 
the individual countrys regulations. Certain jurisdictions do not require 
the licensing of gaming machine operators and manufacturers.
 
ITEM 1A. 	RISK FACTORS.

The following risk factors should be considered carefully in addition to 
the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This 
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve 
risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from 
those contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause 
such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below as 
well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If 
any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial 
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely 
affected.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Our success in the competitive gaming industry depends in large part on our 
ability to develop and manage frequent introductions of innovative 
products. If we are unable to successfully and frequently introduce 
innovative products, we may be at a competitive disadvantage to our 
competitors, which could negatively impact our business.

The gaming industry is characterized by dynamic customer demand and 
technological advances. As a result, we must continually introduce and 
successfully market new themes and technologies in order to remain 
competitive and effectively stimulate customer demand.

There is no assurance that our investments in research and development will 
lead to successful new technologies or timely new products. We invest 
heavily in product development in various disciplines from hardware, 
software and firmware engineering to game design, video, multimedia, 
graphics and sound. Because our newer products are generally more 
technologically sophisticated than those we have produced in the past, we 
must continually refine our production capabilities to meet the needs of 
our product innovation. If we cannot efficiently adapt our manufacturing 
infrastructure to meet the needs of our product innovations, or if we are 
unable to make upgrades in our production capacity in a timely manner, our 
business could be negatively impacted.

Our customers will generally accept a new product if it is likely to 
increase operator profits. The amount of operator profits primarily depends 
on consumer play levels, which are influenced by player demand for our 
products. There is no assurance that our new products will attain this 
market acceptance or that our competitors will not more effectively 
anticipate or respond to changing customer preferences. In addition, any 
delays by us in introducing new products on schedule could negatively 
impact our operating results by providing an opportunity for our 
competitors to introduce new products and gain market share ahead of us.

Our business is vulnerable to changing economic conditions and to other 
factors that adversely affect the casino industry, which have negatively 
impacted and could continue to negatively impact the play levels of our 
participation games, our product sales and our ability to collect 
outstanding receivables from our customers.

Demand for our products and services depends largely upon favorable 
conditions in the casino industry, which is highly sensitive to casino 
patrons disposable incomes and gaming activities. Discretionary spending 
on entertainment activities could further decline for reasons beyond our 
control, such as continued negative economic conditions, natural disasters, 
acts of war or terrorism or transportation disruptions, including as a 
result of adverse weather conditions. Any prolonged or significant decrease 
in consumer spending on entertainment activities could result in reduced 
play levels on our participation games, causing our cash flows and revenues 
from a large share of our recurring revenue products to decline. 
Unfavorable economic conditions have also resulted in a tightening in the 
credit markets, decreased liquidity in many financial markets, and 
significant volatility in the credit and equity markets.

Furthermore, the extended economic downturn has impacted and could continue 
to impact the ability of our customers to purchase new gaming equipment or 
make timely payments to us. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, 
additional provisions for bad debt related to credit concerns on certain 
receivables.

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise 
additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to 
changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from making debt 
service payments.

We have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness. As of December 
31, 2013, after giving effect to the Acquisition, we had approximately 
$160.5 million of outstanding indebtedness.

Our substantial indebtedness could have significant effects on our 
business. For example, it could:
 
  	 	  	make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial 
obligations, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our 
debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, 
could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our 
indebtedness;
 
  	 	  	increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry 
and competitive conditions;
 
  	 	  	reduce the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital 
and capital expenditures, because we will be required to dedicate a 
substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of 
principal and interest on our indebtedness;
 
  	 	  	limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in 
our business and the industry in which we operate;
 
  	 	  	place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors 
that are less highly leveraged and that, therefore, may be able to take 
advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting; 
and
 
  	 	  	limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in 
the agreements governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability 
to borrow additional funds or dispose of assets.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Demand for our products and the level of play of our products could be 
adversely affected by changes in player and operator preferences.

As a supplier of gaming machines, we must offer themes and products that 
appeal to gaming operators and players. Our revenues are dependent on the 
earning power and life span of our games. We therefore face continuous 
pressure to design and deploy new and successful game themes and 
technologically innovative products to maintain our revenue and remain 
competitive. If we are unable to anticipate or react timely to any 
significant changes in player preferences, the demand for our gaming 
products and the level of play of our gaming products could decline. 
Further, our products could suffer a loss of floor space to table games or 
other more technologically advanced games, we could fail to meet certain 
minimum performance levels, or operators may reduce revenue sharing 
arrangements with us, each of which could negatively impact our sales and 
financial results. In addition, general changes in consumer behavior, such 
as reduced travel activity or redirection of entertainment dollars to other 
venues, could result in reduced demand and reduced play levels for our 
gaming products.

The gaming industry is intensely competitive. If we are unable to compete 
effectively, our business could be negatively impacted.

Competition among manufacturers of electronic gaming equipment and systems 
is intense. Competition in our industry is primarily based on the amount of 
profit our products generate for our customers, together with cost savings, 
convenience and other benefits. We compete through the appeal of game 
content and features to the end player, the features and functionality of 
our hardware and software products, and the service and support we provide. 
Our competitors range from small, localized companies to large, 
multi-national corporations. Many of our competitors are large, 
well-established companies with substantially larger operating staffs and 
greater capital resources and have been engaged in the design, manufacture 
and operation of electronic gaming equipment business for many years. Some 
of these companies own significant intellectual property, including patents 
in gaming technology and hardware design, systems and game play and 
trademarks. In addition, our larger competitors may have significantly 
larger content portfolios and content development capability and resources, 
are licensed in markets throughout the United States, and have 
international distribution.

Obtaining space and favorable placement on casino gaming floors is also a 
competitive factor in our industry. In addition, the level of competition 
among equipment providers has increased significantly due to, among other 
factors, cutbacks in capital spending by casino operators resulting from 
the economic downturn and decreased player spend. In select instances, we 
may pay for the right to place gaming machines on a casinos floor and 
increased fee requirements from such casino operators may greatly reduce 
our profitability.

In addition, we face competition from other segments of the gaming 
industry, including internet gambling, which is currently illegal in the 
United States, and state lotteries. There can be no assurance that new 
technologies or markets, such as legalized internet gambling, will not 
emerge that will increase these competitive pressures.

Our ability to operate in our existing markets or expand into new 
jurisdictions could be adversely affected by changing regulations, new 
interpretations of existing laws, and difficulties or delays in obtaining 
or maintaining required licenses or approvals.

We operate only in jurisdictions where gaming is legal. The gaming industry 
is subject to extensive governmental regulation by U.S. federal, state and 
local governments, as well as Native American tribal governments, and 
foreign governments. While the regulatory requirements vary by 
jurisdiction, most require:
 
  	 	  	licenses and/or permits;
 
  	 	  	documentation of qualifications, including evidence of financial 
stability;
 
  	 	  	other required approvals for companies who design, assemble, 
supply or distribute gaming equipment and services; and
 
  	 	  	individual suitability of officers, directors, major stockholders, 
key employees and business partners.

Any license, permit, approval or finding of suitability may be revoked, 
suspended or conditioned at any time. We may not be able to obtain or 
maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals, or 
could experience delays related to the licensing process which could 
adversely affect our operations and our ability to retain key employees.

To expand into new jurisdictions, in most cases we will need to be 
licensed, obtain approvals of our products and/or seek licensure of our 
officers, directors, major equity holders, key employees or business 
partners and potentially lenders. If we fail to obtain a license required 
in a particular jurisdiction for our games and gaming machines, hardware or 
software or have such
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
license revoked, we will not be able to expand into, or continue doing 
business in, such jurisdiction. Any delays in obtaining or difficulty in 
maintaining regulatory approvals needed for expansion within existing 
markets or into new jurisdictions can negatively affect our opportunities 
for growth. In addition, the failure of our officers, directors, key 
employees or business partners or lenders to obtain or receive licenses in 
one or more jurisdictions may require us to modify or terminate our 
relationship with such officers, directors, key employees or business 
partners or forego doing business in such jurisdiction.

Although we plan to maintain our compliance with applicable laws as they 
evolve, there can be no assurance that we will do so and that law 
enforcement or gaming regulatory authorities will not seek to restrict our 
business in their jurisdictions or institute enforcement proceedings if we 
are not compliant. Moreover, in addition to the risk of enforcement action, 
we are also at risk of loss of business reputation in the event of any 
potential legal or regulatory investigation whether or not we are 
ultimately accused of or found to have committed any violation. A negative 
regulatory finding or ruling in one jurisdiction could have adverse 
consequences in other jurisdictions, including with gaming regulators. 
Furthermore, the failure to become licensed, or the loss or conditioning of 
a license, in one market may have the adverse effect of preventing 
licensing in other markets or the revocation of licenses we already 
maintain.

Further, changes in existing gaming regulations or new interpretations of 
existing gaming laws may hinder or prevent us from continuing to operate in 
those jurisdictions where we currently do business, which would harm our 
operating results. In particular, the enactment of unfavorable legislation 
or government efforts affecting or directed at manufacturers or gaming 
operators, such as referendums to increase gaming taxes or requirements to 
use local distributors, would likely have a negative impact on our 
operations.

Many jurisdictions also require extensive personal and financial disclosure 
and background checks from persons and entities beneficially owning a 
specified percentage (typically 5% or more) of our equity securities and 
may require the same from our lenders. The failure of these beneficial 
owners or lenders to submit to such background checks and provide required 
disclosure could jeopardize our ability to obtain or maintain licensure in 
such jurisdictions.

Our revenues are vulnerable to the impact of changes to the Class II 
regulatory scheme.

Our Native American tribal customers that operate Class II games under the 
IGRA are subject to regulation by the NIGC. The NIGC is currently 
conducting consultations with industry participants regarding Native 
American gaming activities, including the clarification of regulations 
regarding Class II gaming machines. It is possible that any such changes in 
regulations, when finally enacted, could cause us to modify our Class II 
games to comply with the new regulations, which may result in our products 
becoming less competitive. Any required conversion of games pursuant to 
changing regulatory schemes could cause a disruption to our business. In 
addition, we could lose market share to competitors who offer games that do 
not appear to comply with published regulatory restrictions on Class II 
games and therefore offer features not available in our products.

Our ability to effectively compete in Native American gaming markets is 
vulnerable to legal and regulatory uncertainties, including the ability to 
enforce contractual rights on Native American land.

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, we derived approximately 99.6% 
of our revenue from participation agreements with Native American gaming 
operators. Because federally recognized Native American tribes are 
independent governments with sovereign powers, subject to the IGRA, Native 
American tribes can enact their own laws and regulate gaming operations and 
contracts. Native American tribes maintain their own governmental systems 
and often their own judicial systems and have the right to tax persons and 
enterprises conducting business on Native American lands. Native American 
tribes also often have the right to require licenses and to impose other 
forms of regulation and regulatory fees on persons and businesses operating 
on their lands. In the absence of a specific grant of authority by 
Congress, U.S. states may regulate activities taking place on Native 
American lands only if the Native American tribe has a specific agreement 
or compact with the state. Our contracts with Native American tribal 
customers normally provide that only certain provisions, if any, will be 
subject to the governing law of the state in which a Native American tribe 
is located. However, these choice-of-law clauses may not always be 
enforceable.

Further, Native American tribes generally enjoy sovereign immunity from 
lawsuits similar to that of the individual U.S. states and the United 
States. Before we can sue or enforce contract rights with a Native American 
tribe, or an agency or instrumentality of a Native American tribe (for 
example, to collect revenue pursuant to our participation agreements or 
foreclose on financed gaming machines), the Native American tribe must 
effectively waive its sovereign immunity with respect to the matter in 
dispute, which we are not always able to obtain. Without a limited waiver 
of sovereign immunity, or if such waiver is held to be ineffective, we 
could be precluded from judicially enforcing any rights or remedies against 
a Native American tribe, including the right to enter Native American lands 
to retrieve our property in the event of a breach of contract by the tribe 
that is party to the disputed contract. Even if the waiver of sovereign 
immunity by a Native American tribe is deemed effective, there could be an 
issue as to the forum in which a lawsuit can be brought against the Native 
American tribe.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Federal courts are courts of limited jurisdiction and generally do not have 
jurisdiction to hear civil cases relating to Native American tribes and we 
may be unable to enforce any arbitration decision effectively. In addition, 
courts have held that certain laws of general application, such as the 
United States patent, trademark and trade secret laws, are not binding on 
Native American tribes absent a binding waiver of sovereign immunity. While 
we have not had any experience with contract enforceability vis-à-vis our 
Native American customers, we are cognizant of recent cases involving other 
parties dealing with waivers of sovereign immunity. Those cases put into 
question how sovereign immunity may be viewed by courts in the future.

Our agreements with Native American tribes are often subject to review by 
regulatory authorities. For example, our development agreements may be 
subject to review by the NIGC and any such review could require substantial 
modifications to our agreements or result in the determination that we have 
a proprietary interest in a Native American tribes gaming activity, which 
could materially and adversely affect the terms on which we conduct our 
business. The NIGC may also reinterpret applicable laws and regulations, 
which could affect our agreements with Native American tribes.

Government enforcement, regulatory action, judicial decisions and proposed 
legislative action have in the past affected, and will likely continue to 
affect, our business, operating results and prospects. Regulatory action 
against our customers or equipment on Native American tribal lands or in 
other markets could result in machine seizures and significant revenue 
disruptions, among other adverse consequences. Moreover, Native American 
tribal policies and procedures, as well as tribal selection of gaming 
vendors, are subject to the political and governance environment within the 
Native American tribe. Changes in tribal leadership or tribal political 
pressure can affect our business relationships within Native American 
markets.

State compacts with our existing Native American tribal customers to allow 
Class III gaming could reduce demand for our Class II games and our entry 
into the Class III market may be difficult as we compete against larger 
companies in the tribal Class III market.

Certain of our Class II Native American tribal customers have entered into 
compacts with the states in which they operate to permit the operation of 
Class III games. While we seek to also provide Class III alternatives in 
these markets, we believe the number of our Class II game machine 
placements in those customers facilities could decline, and our operating 
results could be materially and adversely affected. As our Native American 
tribal customers continue to transition to gaming under compacts with the 
state, we continue to face significant uncertainty in the market that makes 
our business in these states difficult to manage and predict and we may be 
forced to compete with larger companies that specialize in Class III 
gaming. We believe the establishment of state compacts depends on a number 
of political, social, and economic factors that are inherently difficult to 
ascertain. Accordingly, although we attempt to closely monitor state 
legislative developments that could affect our business, we may not be able 
to timely predict if or when a compact could be entered into by one or more 
of our Native American tribal customers. For example, in Oklahoma, the 
continued introduction of Class III games since the passage of the tribal 
gaming compact in 2004 may put pressure our revenue and unit market share 
and our revenue share percentages and may result in a shift in the market 
from revenue share arrangements to a for sale model.

The percentage of gaming revenue we receive pursuant to our participation 
agreements with our Native American tribal customers has, on average, 
decreased in recent years and may continue to decrease in the future.

The percentage of gaming revenue we receive pursuant to our participation 
agreements, or our participation rates, with our Native American tribal 
customers has, on average, decreased in recent years, negatively affecting 
our profit margins. There can be no assurance that participation rates will 
not decrease further in the future. In addition, our Native American tribal 
customers may adopt policies or insist upon additional business terms 
during the renewal of our existing participation agreements that negatively 
affect the profitability of those relationships. In addition, any 
participation agreements we may enter into in the future with new customers 
or in new jurisdictions may not have terms as favorable as our existing 
participation agreements.

Slow growth in the development of new gaming jurisdictions or the number of 
new casinos, declines in the rate of replacement of existing gaming 
machines and ownership changes and consolidation in the casino industry 
could limit or reduce our future prospects.

Demand for our new participation gaming machine placements and game sales 
is partially driven by the development of new gaming jurisdictions, the 
addition of new casinos or expansion of existing casinos within existing 
gaming jurisdictions and the replacement of existing gaming machines. The 
establishment or expansion of gaming in any jurisdiction typically requires 
a public referendum or other legislative action. As a result, gaming 
continues to be the subject of public debate, and there are numerous active 
organizations that oppose gaming. There can be no assurances that new 
gaming jurisdictions will be established in the future or that existing 
jurisdictions will expand gaming and, to the extent states such as Illinois 
delay, reverse or alter planned expansions in gaming, our growth strategy 
could be negatively impacted.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
To the extent new gaming jurisdictions are established or expanded, we 
cannot guarantee we will be successful penetrating such new jurisdictions 
or expanding our business in line with the growth of existing 
jurisdictions. As we enter into new markets, we may encounter legal and 
regulatory challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which 
could result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues or costs 
associated with the new market opportunity. If we are unable to effectively 
develop and operate within these new markets, then our business, operating 
results and financial condition would be impaired. Furthermore, as we 
attempt to generate new streams of revenue by placing our participation 
gaming machines with new customers we may have difficulty implementing an 
effective placement strategy for jurisdictional specific games. Our failure 
to successfully implement an effective placement strategy could cause our 
future operating results to vary materially from what management has 
forecast.

We are currently in the process of entering the emerging Illinois VGT 
market. The Illinois VGT market is still developing and operates pursuant 
to a unique regulatory structure. For example, while the state legislature 
in Illinois has passed laws permitting VGTs, municipalities and counties 
have the power to opt out of the VGT legislation and ban VGTs in their 
respective municipality or unincorporated areas within their respective 
county or repeal bans if they already exist to allow VGTs. As of the date 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe approximately 151 
municipalities and six counties have chosen to opt out of the VGT 
legislation and ban VGTs in their respective municipality or 
unincorporated areas within their respective county. Furthermore, the City 
of Chicago is required to affirmatively allow VGTs in order for 
establishments within Chicago to operate VGTs on their premises since its 
ordinances currently prohibit VGTs. As of the date of this Annual Report 
on Form 10-K, Chicago has not affirmatively allowed VGTs and 
establishments within Chicago are not permitted to operate VGTs on their 
premises. While we believe Chicago will allow VGTs in the future, we 
cannot guarantee this will happen or that other municipalities or counties 
will not choose to opt out of the VGT legislation and ban VGTs in their 
respective municipality or unincorporated areas within their respective 
county. We cannot guarantee that the Illinois VGT market will develop into 
a viable gaming market or that our business model will be as effective in 
the Illinois VGT market as we currently project or as effective as in other 
jurisdictions in which we operate. If the Illinois VGT market does not 
develop or our business model is not as effective as projected, we may not 
be able to capitalize on our investments in Illinois and our Illinois 
business may not be profitable.

In addition, the construction of new casinos or expansion of existing 
casinos fluctuates with demand, general economic conditions and the 
availability of financing. The rate of gaming growth in North America has 
decelerated and machine replacements are at historically low levels. Slow 
growth in the establishment of new gaming jurisdictions or delays in the 
opening of new or expanded casinos and continued declines in, or low levels 
of demand for, machine replacements could reduce the demand for our 
products and our future profits. Our business could be negatively affected 
if one or more of our customers is sold to or merges with another entity 
that utilizes more of the products and services of one of our competitors 
or that reduces spending on our products or causes downward pricing 
pressures. Such consolidations could lead to order cancellations, a slowing 
in the rate of gaming machine replacements, or require our current 
customers to switch to our competitors products, any of which could 
negatively impact our results of operations.

We may not realize satisfactory returns on money lent to new and existing 
customers to develop or expand gaming facilities or to acquire gaming 
routes.

We enter into agreements to provide financing for construction, expansion, 
or remodeling of gaming facilities, primarily in the State of Oklahoma, and 
also have agreements in other jurisdictions, such as Illinois, where we 
provide loans and advances to route operators to acquire location contracts 
and fund working capital. Under these agreements, we secure long-term 
contracts for game placements under either a revenue share or daily fee 
basis in exchange for the loans and advances. We may not, however, realize 
the anticipated benefits of any of these strategic relationships or 
financings as our success in these ventures is dependent upon the timely 
completion of the gaming facility, the placement of our player terminals, 
and a favorable regulatory environment.

These activities may result in unforeseen operating difficulties, financial 
risks, or required expenditures that could adversely affect our liquidity. 
In connection with one or more of these transactions, and to obtain the 
necessary funds to enter these agreements, we may need to extend secured 
and unsecured credit to potential or existing customers that may not be 
repaid, incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to 
repay, or incur other contingent liabilities.

The failure to maintain controls and processes related to billing and 
collecting accounts receivable or the deterioration of the financial 
condition of our customers could negatively impact our business. As a 
result of these agreements, the collection of notes receivable has become a 
matter of greater significance. While we believe the increased level of 
these specific receivables has allowed us to grow our business, it has also 
required direct, additional focus of and involvement by management. 
Further, and especially due to the current downturn in the economy, some of 
our customers may not pay the notes receivable when due.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 34% of our 
gaming revenue was derived from one customer and approximately 78% of our 
revenue was generated from gaming operations in the state of Oklahoma.

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 78% of our total 
revenue was derived from gaming operations in Oklahoma, and approximately 
34% of our gaming revenue was from one Native American gaming tribe in that 
state. The significant concentration of our revenue in Oklahoma means that 
local economic, regulatory and licensing changes in Oklahoma may adversely 
affect our business disproportionately to changes in national economic 
conditions, including adverse economic declines or slower economic recovery 
from prior declines. While we continue to seek to diversify the markets in 
which we operate, changes to our business, operations, game performance and 
customer relationships in Oklahoma, due to changing gaming regulations or 
licensing requirements, higher taxes, increased competition, declines in 
market revenue share percentages or otherwise, could have a material and 
adverse effect on or financial condition and results of operations. In 
addition, changes in our relationship with our largest customer, including 
a decrease in revenue share, removal of gaming machines or non-renewal of 
contracts, could have a material and adverse effect on our financial 
condition and results of operations.

Moreover, neighboring states such as Kansas, Texas and Arkansas have passed 
or could pass gaming legislation, which could take market share from 
Oklahoma gaming facilities or otherwise negatively impact the Oklahoma 
gaming market and, as a result, negatively impact our business.

We may be unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property.

Protection of our proprietary processes, methods and other technology is 
important to our business. We generally rely on the patent, trademark and 
trade secret laws of the United States and certain other countries in which 
our products are produced or sold, as well as licenses and nondisclosure 
and confidentiality agreements, to protect our intellectual property 
rights. The patent, trademark and trade secret laws of some countries may 
not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws 
of the United States. At least one federal court has held that United 
States patent, trademark and trade secret laws of general application are 
not binding on Native American tribes absent a binding waiver of sovereign 
immunity.

A significant portion of our revenue is generated from products that use or 
incorporate certain intellectual property, and our operating results could 
be negatively impacted if we are unsuccessful in protecting these rights 
from infringement. In addition, some of our games and features are based on 
trademarks, patents and other intellectual property licensed from third 
parties. Our future success may depend upon our ability to develop, obtain, 
retain and/or expand licenses for popular products and underlying 
intellectual property rights on reasonable terms in a competitive market, 
which may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or may not be 
available at all. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand existing 
licenses, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the games 
or gaming machines that use the licensed technology or bear the licensed 
marks.

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain trademark protection 
for the names or symbols under which we market our products and to obtain 
patent protection for our proprietary content and technologies. We may not 
be able to build and maintain goodwill in our trademarks or obtain 
trademark or patent protection, and there can be no assurance that any 
trademark, copyright or issued patent will provide competitive advantages 
for us, or that our intellectual property will not be successfully 
challenged or circumvented by competitors. Additionally, any issued patents 
that cover our proprietary technology may not provide us with sufficient 
protection or be commercially beneficial to us. The issuance of a patent is 
not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability. The U.S. federal 
courts or equivalent national courts or patent offices elsewhere may 
invalidate our patents or find them unenforceable. Competitors may also be 
able to design around our patents. If we are unable to protect our patented 
technologies, we may not be able to commercialize our technologies, 
products or services and our competitors could commercialize our 
technologies.

We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect certain 
proprietary knowledge and we generally enter into confidentiality 
agreements with certain of our employees and independent contractors 
regarding our trade secrets and proprietary information. However, there can 
be no guarantees that every employee and consultant will execute these 
agreements or that our employees and consultants will not breach these 
agreements. If these agreements are breached, it is unlikely that the 
remedies available to us will be sufficient to compensate us for the 
damages suffered. Additionally, despite various confidentiality agreements 
and other trade secret protections, our trade secrets and proprietary 
know-how could become known to, or independently developed by, competitors. 
Moreover, if our competitors independently develop equivalent knowledge, 
methods or know-how, it will be more difficult for us to enforce our rights 
and our business could be harmed.

We have a limited ability to prevent others from creating materially 
similar products. Despite our efforts to protect these proprietary rights, 
unauthorized parties may try to copy our gaming products, business models 
or systems, use certain of our confidential information to develop 
competing products, or develop independently or otherwise obtain and use 
our gaming products or technology, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on our business.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
We may be subject to claims of intellectual property infringement or 
invalidity and adverse outcomes of litigation could adversely affect our 
operating results.

Competitors and others may infringe on our intellectual property rights, or 
may allege that we have infringed on their intellectual property rights. 
Monitoring infringement and misappropriation of intellectual property can 
be difficult and expensive, and we may not be able to detect infringement 
or misappropriation of our proprietary rights. We may also incur 
significant litigation expenses protecting our intellectual property or 
defending third-party intellectual property claims. These expenses could 
have an adverse effect on our future cash flows and results of operations. 
Although we carry general liability insurance, our insurance does not cover 
potential claims of this type. If we are found to infringe on the rights of 
others we could be required to re-design or discontinue offering certain 
products or systems, to pay damages or to purchase a license to use the 
intellectual property in question from its owner, which may not be 
available on reasonable terms, or at all. Litigation can also distract 
management from the day-to-day operations of our business. There can be no 
assurances that certain of our products will not be determined to have 
infringed upon a third-party patent.

In addition, any of our current or future patents or patent applications, 
or those of our licensors, could face other challenges, such as 
interference proceedings, opposition proceedings and re-examination 
proceedings. Any such challenge, if successful, could result in the 
invalidation of, or in a narrowing of the scope of, any such current or 
future patents or patent applications. Any such challenges, regardless of 
their success, would likely be time-consuming and expensive to defend and 
resolve, and would divert management time and attention.

Failure to attract, retain and motivate key employees may adversely affect 
our ability to compete.

Our success depends largely on recruiting and retaining talented employees. 
The market for qualified, licensable executives and highly skilled, 
technical workers, such as content developers, is intensely competitive. 
The loss of key employees or an inability to hire a sufficient number of 
technical workers could limit our ability to develop successful products, 
cause delays in getting new products to market, cause disruptions to our 
customer relationships or otherwise adversely affect our business.

States and other jurisdictions may amend or repeal gaming enabling 
legislation which could materially impact our business.

States and other jurisdictions may amend or repeal gaming enabling 
legislation which could materially impact our business. Changes to gaming 
enabling legislation could increase our operating expenses and compliance 
costs or decrease the profitability of our operations. Repeal of gaming 
enabling legislation could result in losses of capital investments and 
revenue and limit future growth opportunities. For example, recently, 
charity gaming facilities in Alabama were forced to close due to regulatory 
uncertainties in the market pertaining to the legality of electronic bingo 
games which negatively impact our revenue and ability to collect on 
receivables. If any jurisdiction in which we operate were to repeal gaming 
enabling legislation, there could be no assurance that we could 
sufficiently increase our revenue in other markets to maintain operations 
or service our existing indebtedness.

Our business competes on the basis of the security and integrity of our 
systems and products.

We believe that our success depends, in part, on providing secure products 
and systems to our vendors and customers. Attempts to penetrate security 
measures may come from various combinations of customers, retailers, 
vendors, employees and others. Our ability to monitor and ensure the 
quality of our products is periodically reviewed and enhanced. Similarly, 
we assess the adequacy of our security systems to protect against any 
material loss to any of our customers and the integrity of the product to 
end-users. There can be no assurance that our business will not be affected 
by a security breach or lapse, which could have a material adverse impact 
on our results of operations, business or prospects.

Our information technology and other systems are subject to cyber security 
risk including misappropriation of customer information or other breaches 
of information security.

We rely on information technology and other systems to maintain and 
transmit customer financial information, credit card settlements, credit 
card funds transmissions, mailing lists and reservations information. Our 
information and processes are exposed to the ever-changing threat of 
compromised security, in the form of a risk of potential breach, system 
failure, computer virus, or unauthorized or fraudulent use by customers, 
company employees, or employees of third party vendors. The steps we take 
to deter and mitigate these risks may not be successful, and any resulting 
compromise or loss of data or systems could adversely impact, operations or 
regulatory compliance and could result in remedial expenses, fines, 
litigation, and loss of reputation, potentially impacting our financial 
results.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Our gaming machines may experience losses due to technical problems or 
fraudulent activities.

Our success depends on our ability to avoid, detect, replicate and correct 
software and hardware anomalies and fraudulent manipulation of our gaming 
machines. We incorporate security features into the design of our gaming 
machines and other systems, which are designed to prevent us, our customers 
and patrons of our gaming machines from being defrauded. We also monitor 
our software and hardware to avoid, detect and correct any technical 
errors. However, there can be no guarantee that our security features or 
technical efforts will continue to be effective in the future. If our 
security systems fail to prevent fraud or if we experience any significant 
technical difficulties, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
Additionally, if third parties breach our security systems and defraud 
patrons of our gaming machines, or if our hardware or software experiences 
any technical anomalies, our customers and the public may lose confidence 
in our gaming machines and operations, or we could become subject to legal 
claims by our customers or to investigation by gaming authorities.

Our gaming machines have experienced anomalies and fraudulent manipulation 
in the past. Games and gaming machines may be replaced by casinos and other 
gaming machine operators if they do not perform according to expectations, 
or may be shut down by regulators. The occurrence of anomalies in, or 
fraudulent manipulation of, our gaming machines may give rise to claims for 
lost revenues and related litigation by our customers and may subject us to 
investigation or other action by gaming regulatory authorities, including 
suspension or revocation of our gaming licenses or other disciplinary 
action.

Although our network is private, it is susceptible to outages due to fire, 
floods, power loss, break-ins, cyberattacks and similar events. We have 
multiple site back-up for our services in the event of any such occurrence. 
Despite our implementation of network security measures, our servers are 
vulnerable to computer viruses and break-ins. Similar disruptions from 
unauthorized tampering with our computer systems in any such event could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and 
financial condition. Adverse weather conditions, particularly flooding, 
tornadoes, heavy snowfall and other extreme weather conditions often deter 
our customers end users from traveling, or make it difficult for them to 
frequent the sites where our games are installed. If any of those sites 
experienced prolonged adverse weather conditions, or if the sites in 
Oklahoma, where a significant number of our games are installed, 
simultaneously experienced adverse weather conditions, our results of 
operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely 
affected.

We could face risks associated with, or arising out of, environmental, 
health and safety laws and regulations.

We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations 
that (i) regulate certain activities and operations that may have 
environmental or health and safety effects, such as the use of regulated 
materials in the manufacture of our products by third parties or our 
disposal of materials, substances or wastes, (ii) impose liability for 
costs of cleaning up, and damages to natural resources from, past spills, 
waste disposals on and off-site, or other releases of hazardous materials 
or regulated substances, and (iii) regulate workplace safety. Compliance 
with these laws and regulations could increase our and our third-party 
manufacturers costs and impact the availability of components required to 
manufacture our products. Violation of these laws may subject us to 
significant fines, penalties or disposal costs, which could negatively 
impact our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. We 
could be responsible for the investigation and remediation of environmental 
conditions at currently or formerly operated or leased sites, as well as 
for associated liabilities, including liabilities for natural resource 
damages, third party property damage or personal injury resulting from 
lawsuits that could be brought by the government or private litigants, 
relating to our operations, the operations of facilities or the land on 
which our facilities are located. We may be subject to these liabilities 
regardless of whether we lease or own the facility, and regardless of 
whether such environmental conditions were created by us or by a prior 
owner or tenant, or by a third party or a neighboring facility whose 
operations may have affected such facility or land. That is because 
liability for contamination under certain environmental laws can be imposed 
on current or past owners or operators of a site without regard to fault. 
We cannot assure you that environmental conditions relating to our prior, 
existing or future sites or those of predecessor companies whose 
liabilities we may have assumed or acquired will not have a material 
adverse effect on our business.

If our products contain defects, our reputation could be harmed and our 
results of operations adversely affected.

Some of our products are complex and may contain undetected defects. The 
occurrence of defects or malfunctions in one or more of our products could 
result in financial losses for our customers and in turn termination of 
leases, cancellation of orders, product returns and diversion of our 
resources. Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of or 
delay in market acceptance of our products and loss of revenue.

Our business is subject to quarterly fluctuation.

Historically, our operating results have been highest during the first 
quarter and lowest in our third and fourth quarters, primarily due to the 
seasonality of player demand. Our quarterly operating results may vary 
based on the timing of the opening of new gaming jurisdictions, the opening 
or closing of casinos, the expansion or contraction of existing casinos, 
approval or denial of our products and corporate licenses under gaming 
regulations, the introduction of new products, the seasonality of customer 
capital budgets, the mix of domestic versus international sales and the mix 
of lease and royalty revenue versus sales and service revenue. As a result, 
our operating results could be volatile, particularly on a quarterly basis.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some of our products contain open source software which may be subject to 
restrictive open source licenses, requiring us to make our source code 
available to third parties and potentially granting third parties certain 
rights to the software.

Some of our products contain open source software which may be subject to 
restrictive open source licenses. Some of these licenses may require that 
we make our source code governed by the open source software licenses 
available to third parties and/or license such software under the terms of 
a particular open source license, potentially granting third parties 
certain rights to our software. We may incur legal expenses in defending 
against claims that we did not abide by such licenses. If our defenses are 
unsuccessful, we may be enjoined from distributing products containing such 
open source software, be required to make the relevant source code 
available to third parties, be required to grant third parties certain 
rights to the software, be subject to potential damages or be required to 
remove the open source software from our products. Any of these outcomes 
could disrupt our distribution and sale of related products and adversely 
affect our business.

Recently introduced or proposed smoking bans at customer facilities may 
adversely impact our revenues.

Some U.S. jurisdictions have recently introduced or proposed smoking bans 
in public venues, including casinos, which may reduce player traffic in the 
facilities of our current and prospective customers, which may reduce 
revenues on our participation gaming machines or impair our future growth 
prospects and therefore may adversely impact our revenues in those 
jurisdictions. Other participants in the gaming industry have reported 
declines in gaming revenues following the introduction of a smoking ban in 
jurisdictions in which they operate and we cannot predict the magnitude or 
timing of any decrease in revenues resulting from the introduction of a 
smoking ban in any jurisdiction in which we operate.

We are controlled by AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC, which may have conflicts of 
interest with us in the future and may have interests that differ from the 
interests of holders of our common stock.

Currently, all of our outstanding shares of common stock are owned by 
Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. Since our initial issuance of shares of our 
common stock to Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P., we restructured our common 
stock into two classes: Common Stock and non-voting common stock. Upon 
receipt of all required governmental regulatory approvals, all of our 
shares of Common Stock, which represent 100% of our voting interests, will 
be owned by AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC, an entity owned and controlled by Marc 
Rowan and David Sambur. Messrs. Rowan and Sambur will have the power to 
control our affairs and policies, the election of our board of directors, 
the appointment of management, the entering into of mergers, sales of 
substantially all of our assets and other extraordinary transactions.

Once Messrs. Rowan and Sambur control and so long as they continue to 
control our Common Stock and control the election of our board of 
directors, which currently consists of Mr. Sambur, they will have the 
authority, subject to the terms of the agreements that govern our 
outstanding debt, to issue additional shares of stock, implement share 
repurchase programs, declare dividends, pay advisory fees and make other 
decisions, and they may have an interest in our doing so. Their interests 
could conflict with the interests of holders of our non-voting common stock 
in material respects. Furthermore, Mr. Rowan is an affiliate of Apollo, 
which is in the business of making investments in companies and may from 
time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly 
or indirectly with us, as well as businesses that represent major customers 
of our businesses. Accordingly, once Mr. Rowan controls and so long as he 
continues to control our outstanding Common Stock, Apollos interests could 
also conflict with our interests or the interests of holders of our 
non-voting common stock in material respects.

We are dependent on our suppliers and any failure of these parties to meet 
our performance and quality standards or requirements could cause us to 
incur additional costs or lose customers.

The manufacturing, assembling and designing of our electronic gaming 
machines depends upon a continuous supply of raw materials, such as source 
cabinets, which we currently source primarily from one supplier. If our 
current supplier is unable to deliver these items in the quantity required 
or in accordance with our standards of quality and we are unable to find an 
alternative supplier in a timely fashion or on reasonable terms, we may not 
be able to meet the demands of our customers or our contractual 
obligations, which would adversely affect our results of operations and 
business.

Casino operations are conducted at the discretion of our customers.

Our casino customers are responsible for the operations of their facilities 
and are not required to consult us or take our advice on their operations, 
marketing, facility layout, gaming floor configuration, or promotional 
initiatives. Further, our customers are solely responsible for safety and 
security at their facilities. Our customers have in the past, and will in 
the future, remodel and expand their facilities. Our operating and 
financial results could suffer if our machines are not a part of an
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
optimized facility layout or gaming floor configuration, are not supported 
by effective marketing or promotional initiatives or are scheduled to be 
out of service during a facility remodeling, or our customers facilities 
are closed or not visited because of end-users concern for safety, a lack 
of amenities, or other factors.

The risks related to operations in foreign countries and outside of 
traditional U.S jurisdictions could negatively affect our results.

We operate in jurisdictions outside of the United States, principally in 
Canada and on tribal lands of Native American tribes. The developments 
noted below, among others, could adversely affect our financial condition 
and results of operations:
 
  	 	  	social, political or economic instability;
 
  	 	  	additional costs of compliance with international laws or 
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;
 
  	 	  	tariffs and other trade barriers;
 
  	 	  	fluctuations in foreign exchange rates outside the United States;
 
  	 	  	adverse changes in the creditworthiness of parties with whom we 
have significant receivables or forward currency exchange contracts;
 
  	 	  	expropriation, nationalization and restrictions on repatriation of 
funds or assets;
 
  	 	  	difficulty protecting our intellectual property;
 
  	 	  	recessions in foreign economies;
 
  	 	  	difficulties in maintaining foreign operations;
 
  	 	  	changes in consumer tastes and trends;
 
  	 	  	acts of war or terrorism; and
 
  	 	  	U.S. government requirements for export.

We are continuing to improve our internal controls over financial 
reporting.

We are not currently required to comply with the SEC rules that implement 
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), 
and are therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the 
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that 
purpose. Upon becoming a public company, we will be required provide an 
annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over 
financial reporting commencing with our second annual report on Form 10-K. 
Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to audit 
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until 
after we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in the 
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act). At such time, 
our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that 
is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our 
internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed or 
operating.

We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply 
only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable 
to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to 
investors.

We are an emerging growth company, and, for as long as we continue to be an 
emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from 
various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not 
to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being 
required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit 
our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive 
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions 
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive 
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not 
previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five 
years following the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form 10. 
We will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) 
the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the 
effectiveness of our registration statement on Form 10, (ii) the first 
fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are $1.0 billion or more, (iii) 
the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued 
more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities or (iv) the end 
of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by 
non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as of the end of the second quarter of 
that fiscal year. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock 
less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors 
find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce 
future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common 
stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile.

Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new 
or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to 
private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of 
this accommodation allowing for delayed adoption of new or revised 
accounting standards, and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or 
revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not 
emerging growth companies.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
We intend to continue to improve our internal controls over financial 
reporting and ensure we are able to produce accurate and timely financial 
statements. However, no assurance can be given that our actions will be 
successful.
 
ITEM 1B. 	UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

Not applicable.
 
ITEM 2. 	PROPERTIES.

We currently lease the following properties:
 
Location 	   	Size 	 

 727 Overhead Drive, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

   	  	60,000 sq. ft. 	  

 6680 Amelia Earhart Court, Las Vegas, Nevada

   	  	23,153 sq. ft. 	  

 905 Irving Park Road, Itasca, Illinois

   	  	20,680 sq. ft. 	  

 8820 Jane Street, Building B, Concord, Ontario, Canada

   	  	8,500 sq. ft. 	  

 1200 NW 63rd Street, Suite 300, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

   	  	3,750 sq. ft. 	  

 2555 Marshall Road, Suite E, Biloxi, Mississippi

   	  	350 sq. ft. 	  

Our leases for our facilities in Itasca, Illinois and at 727 Overhead Drive 
in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma are set to expire by the end of 2015. Our office 
in Concord, Ontario is currently operating under a month-to-month lease. A 
new lease is being negotiated, and the Company expects the new lease to be 
executed in the near future. In addition, our facilities in Biloxi, 
Mississippi and at 1200 NW 63rd Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma are 
currently operating under month-to-month leases. We currently do not own 
any real property.
 
ITEM 3. 	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

We are party to various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary 
course of business. We do not believe the outcome of such disputes or legal 
actions will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, 
results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
 
ITEM 4. 	MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not applicable.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

Market Information

We have issued 10,000,000 shares of our common stock to Apollo Gaming 
Holdings, L.P. After such issuance, we restructured our common stock into 
two classes: Common Stock and non-voting common stock. Upon receipt of all 
required governmental regulatory approvals, Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. 
will exchange its 10,000,000 shares of our common stock for 10,000,000 
shares of our non-voting common stock, and all of our Common Stock will be 
issued to AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC. There is currently no established public 
trading market for our Common Stock or our non-voting common stock, and 
there are no plans, proposals, arrangements or understandings with any 
person with regard to the development of a trading market in our Common 
Stock or our non-voting common stock.


Holders

Please see Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and 
Management and Related Stockholder Matters for disclosure regarding the 
holders of our Common Stock and our non-voting common stock.


Distributions

Upon receipt of all required governmental regulatory approvals, we will 
exchange the current 10,000,000 shares of common stock held by Apollo 
Gaming Holdings, L.P. for 10,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock, and 
we will issue all of our Common Stock to AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC. Other than 
this distribution, we do not make, and do not anticipate making in the 
foreseeable future, any distributions on our Common Stock or our non-voting 
common stock. The agreements that govern our outstanding indebtedness, 
including the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, restrict our ability to 
declare or make distributions on our Common Stock or our non-voting common 
stock, and our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation 
specifically prohibits holders of our Common Stock from receiving dividends 
or any other distributions.


Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

On August 30, 2013, in anticipation of our acquisition of AGS Capital, we 
issued 100 shares of our initial common stock to Apollo Gaming Holdings, 
L.P. See Item 1. Business-The Acquisition. 10,000,000 shares of our 
common stock were subsequently issued to Apollo Gaming Holdings L.P. Our 
third amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes up to 
100 shares of Common Stock and up to 30,000,000 shares of non-voting common 
stock par value $0.01 per share. These transactions were exempt from 
registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, as they were 
transactions by an issuer that did not involve a public offering of 
securities. Upon receipt of all required governmental regulatory approvals, 
we will exchange the current 10,000,000 shares of common stock held by 
Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. for 10,000,000 shares of non-voting common 
stock, and we will issue all 100 shares of our Common Stock to AP Gaming 
VoteCo, LLC.
 
ITEM 6. 	SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

The Company along with its subsidiaries shown in Item 1. 
Business-Corporate Structure, were formed for the purpose of acquiring 
100% of the equity interests of AGS Capital, LLC. Accordingly, the selected 
financial data presented below has been derived from the data of the 
Company as of December 31, 2013 and for the period from December 21, 2013 
through December 31, 2013 (the Successor Period) and the data of the 
Predecessor for the period from January 1, 2013 through December 20, 2013 
(the Predecessor Period) and as of and for the years ended December 31, 
2012 and 2011. The selected financial data of the Company presented below 
has been derived from the audited financial statements as of December 31, 
2013 and for the Successor Period included elsewhere in this Annual Report 
on Form 10-K. The selected financial data of the Predecessor presented 
below for the Predecessor Period and as of December 31, 2012, and for the 
years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 has been derived from the audited 
financial statements of the Predecessor included elsewhere in this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K. The selected financial data as of December 31, 2011 
has been derived from our 2011 audited financial statements, which are not 
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The selected financial data set forth below is qualified in its entirety 
by, and should be read in conjunction with, Item 7Managements Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the 
audited financial statements, the notes thereto and other financial and 
statistical information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 
10-K. The historical results set forth below do not indicate results 
expected for any future periods. Our future results of operations will be 
subject to significant business, economic, regulatory and competitive 
uncertainties and contingencies, some of which are beyond our control.
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Period from December 21,
2013 through 	  	  	Period from January 1,
2013 through 	  	  	Year Ended December 31, 	 
  	   	December 31, 2013 	  	  	December 20, 2013 	  	  	2012 	  	  	2011 	
 

 Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	 	

   Revenues

   	$ 	1,953,032 	   	  	$ 	56,429,864 	   	  	$ 	58,555,107 	   	  	$ 	
59,645,822 	  

   Loss from operations

   	  	(7,622,149 	)  	  	  	(12,176,166 	)  	  	  	(30,446,750 	)  	  	  	
(1,998,074 	) 

   Net loss

   	  	(8,155,697 	)  	  	  	(42,548,969 	)  	  	  	(40,210,985 	)  	  	  	
(7,612,442 	) 

   Total comprehensive loss

   	  	(8,156,967 	)  	  	  	(42,516,961 	)  	  	  	(40,154,507 	)  	  	  	
(7,660,938 	) 

 Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Net loss attributable to AP Gaming Holdco Inc.

   	  	(0.82 	)  	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 
  	   	Successor 	  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	  	  	   	As of December 31, 	 
  	   	As of December 31, 2013 	  	   	2012 	  	  	2011 	 
  	

 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Total assets

   	  	254,795,856 	   	   	  	125,566,686 	   	  	  	128,603,185 	  

   Total liabilities

   	  	162,952,823 	   	   	  	127,507,665 	   	  	  	151,077,175 	  

   Total stockholders equity/members deficit

   	  	91,843,033 	   	   	  	(1,940,979 	)  	  	  	(22,473,990 	) 


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

Overview

We are a leading designer and manufacturer of Class II gaming machines for 
the Native American market, with an emerging presence in a broad range of 
commercial markets in the United States. As of December 31, 2013, we had 
8,563 gaming machines in 19 U.S. states, with 154 gaming facilities under 
revenue sharing agreements and 30 facilities under fee per day agreements. 
The majority of our systems are used by Native American gaming operators in 
both Class II and Class III environments, with a recent expansion into the 
Illinois VGT Market. Our products include electronic gaming machines, 
server-based systems and back-office systems that are used by casinos and 
other gaming locations. We currently derive substantially all of our gaming 
revenues from lease agreements whereby we place gaming machines and systems 
at a customers facility in return for either a share of the revenues that 
these machines and systems generate or a daily fee, which we collectively 
refer to as participation agreements and as our participation model.


Business Outlook

During 2008 and 2009, and into 2010, the poor macro-economic environment 
had a negative impact on consumer discretionary spending. As a result, the 
U.S. gaming industry experienced its first ever year-over-year declines in 
gross gaming revenue in 2008 and 2009. While the recessionary pressures 
were felt in most markets, the core destination markets of the Las Vegas 
Strip and Atlantic City were among the hardest hit due to the negative 
effects of both the recession and increased regional competition, while 
other commercial markets and the Native American markets were not as 
adversely impacted. During 2010, we began to see improvements in regional 
commercial gaming jurisdictions, which have continued through the fourth 
quarter of 2013.

We believe the current economic environment presents multiple opportunities 
for our business. We believe the improving economy should lead to increases 
in consumer discretionary spending, which should in turn drive higher 
revenues in existing gaming locations. In addition, state budget deficits 
have ballooned and many states with fiscal difficulties are turning to 
gaming as a source of revenue enhancement, which we believe presents us 
with continued long-term growth opportunities.

We believe our participation model offers an attractive value proposition 
to casino and other facility operators; especially in the current economic 
environment. By leasing our gaming machines to customers, we enable our 
customers to introduce new games in their facilities with minimal cost and 
financial risk. In addition, our selective use of development agreements to 
secure incremental game placements under long-term contracts provides 
customers with additional capital to help expand their operations.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Key Drivers of Our Business

Our total revenues are impacted by the following key factors:
 
  	 	  	the amount of money spent by consumers on our domestic revenue 
share installed base;
 
  	 	  	the amount of the daily fee on our participation gaming machines;
 
  	 	  	the selling price of our machines;
 
  	 	  	our revenue share percentage with customers;
 
  	 	  	the capital budgets of our customers;
 
  	 	  	the level of replacement of existing electronic gaming machines in 
existing casinos;
 
  	 	  	expansion of existing casinos;
 
  	 	  	development of new casinos;
 
  	 	  	opening of new gaming jurisdictions both in the United States and 
internationally;
 
  	 	  	our ability to obtain and maintain gaming licenses in various 
jurisdictions;
 
  	 	  	the relative competitiveness and popularity of our electronic 
gaming machines compared to competitive products offered in the same 
facilities; and
 
  	 	  	general macro-economic factors, including levels of and changes to 
consumer disposable income and personal consumption spending.

Our expenses are impacted by the following key factors:
 
  	 	  	fluctuations in the cost of labor relating to productivity;
 
  	 	  	overtime and training;
 
  	 	  	fluctuations in the price of components for gaming equipment;
 
  	 	  	fluctuations in energy prices;
 
  	 	  	changes in the cost of obtaining and maintaining gaming licenses; 
and
 
  	 	  	fluctuations in the level of maintenance expense required on 
gaming equipment.

Variations in our selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG&A, 
are primarily due to changes in employment and salaries and related fringe 
benefits.


Basis of Presentation

References to Successor refer to the Company on or after December 21, 
2013. References to Predecessor refer to AGS Capital, LLC on or before 
December 20, 2013. The accompanying consolidated statements of operations 
and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity/members deficit 
and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013 are presented for two 
periods: January 1, 2013 through December 20, 2013 (the Predecessor 
Period) for the Predecessor and December 21, 2013 through December 31, 
2013 (the Successor Period) for the Company. The Predecessor Period 
reflects the historical accounting basis in the Predecessors assets and 
liabilities, while the Successor Period reflects assets and liabilities at 
fair value by allocating the Companys enterprise value to its assets and 
liabilities pursuant to accounting guidance related to business 
combinations.

Because we conducted no business prior to December 20, 2013, we have 
presented the results of the Predecessor for the years ended December 31, 
2012 and 2011 for comparison purposes. We refer to our year ended December 
31, 2013 results as 2013 Combined, derived from the summation of the 
results of AP Gaming for the Successor Period and AGS Capital for the 
Predecessor Period. The discussion of our results of operations contains a 
comparison of our results for the 2013 Combined period and the results for 
the Predecessor for the year ended December 31, 2012. The application of 
accounting guidance related to business combinations did not materially 
affect the Companys continuing operations; however the 2013 Combined and 
year ended December 31, 2012 may yield results that are not fully 
comparable on a period-by-period basis, particularly with respect to 
depreciation, amortization, interest income and interest expense. The 
combined presentation does not comply with generally accepted accounting 
principles in the United States (GAAP) or with the rules of the SEC for 
pro forma presentation; however, it is presented because we believe it is 
the most meaningful comparison of our results between periods.

Our financial presentation also includes a number of other operating 
subsidiaries AGS Capital owns or has owned in the past. AGS Partners LLC, 
or Partners, was formed on June 22, 2006, and on June 29, 2006, Partners 
acquired certain assets of Aurora Gaming, Inc., Integrity Gaming, Inc. and 
Integrity Gaming Nevada, LLC, collectively referred to as Integrity. BOL 
Finance, LLC, or BOL, was formed by AGS Capital on August 8, 2008, to 
finance distributors operating in Louisiana. It was
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
capitalized through a note payable to AGS Capital. American Gaming Systems 
Toronto, Ltd., or AGST, was formed on July 11, 2008, and capitalized 
through debt and equity contributions from AGS Capital. AGST acquired 
certain assets of Gametronics, Inc. and Phone-Sweeps, Inc., collectively 
referred to as Gametronics on November 10, 2008. AGS Illinois, LLLP, or 
AGSIL, was formed in April 2010 to be our operating subsidiary for 
operation in Illinois. AGS Financing Corp., or AGS Finance, was formed on 
March 17, 2011 for the purpose of acting as a co-obligor in certain 
financing transactions. Promotional Marketing LLC, or Promotional, was 
formed on August 22, 2008. As of January 19, 2011, BOL and Promotional were 
merged into AGS, LLC. Additional information on our acquisitions and 
divestitures is included below in Acquisitions and Divestitures.


Acquisitions and Divestitures

Acquisition by AP Gaming Acquisition, LLC (Successor)

On September 16, 2013, we entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (as 
subsequently amended and restated on December 3, 2013, the Acquisition 
Agreement) with AP Gaming Acquisition, LLC (AP Gaming Acquisition), an 
affiliate of Apollo for approximately $220.5 million. The Acquisition 
Agreement provided for the acquisition of 100% of the equity of AGS 
Capital, LLC from AGS Holdings, LLC by funds affiliated with Apollo. The 
Acquisition was consummated on December 20, 2013. See Item 1. BusinessThe 
Acquisition.


Bluberi Transaction (Predecessor)

On January 9, 2012, we entered into a definitive agreement (the 
Definitive Agreement) with Bluberi Gaming Technologies, Inc., or Bluberi, 
pursuant to which the we agreed to terminate our existing distribution 
agreement with Bluberi (the Existing Distribution Agreement) and to 
purchase all of Bluberis right, title and interest in certain game titles 
covered by the Existing Distribution Agreement (the Bluberi Transaction
). In connection therewith, we agreed to pay $22.8 million to Bluberi and 
to enter into a five-year service agreement with Bluberi for which we will 
pay Bluberi a $2.0 million servicing fee paid ratably over the term of the 
service agreement and a one-time $1.0 million performance-based bonus. 
According to the Definitive Agreement, $3.5 million was due to Bluberi upon 
execution of the Definitive Agreement and $19.3 million was due no later 
than February 28, 2012 subject to certain restrictions as defined. At our 
option, payment of the $19.3 million could be extended one month by paying 
$2.5 million no later than February 28, 2012 and could be extended an 
additional month by paying $2.5 million no later than March 31, 2012, with 
both payments applying to the $19.3 million balance. On March 27, 2012, an 
addendum to the Definitive Agreement was executed which eliminated the 
payment due on March 31, 2012 and replaced it with payments of $500,000 due 
March 30, 2012, April 6, 2012, April 13, 2012, April 20, 2012, and April 
27, 2012. On May 11, 2012, we made our final payment in accordance with the 
Definitive Agreement and its addendum.


Long-Term Debt

Concurrent with the consummation of the Acquisition, on the Closing Date we 
entered into our senior secured credit facilities, which consist of a $155 
million term loan facility (the Term Facility) and a $25 million 
revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility and, together with the 
Term Loan Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities). AP Gaming I, 
LLC (the Borrower), a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of AP Gaming, is 
the borrower under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Citigroup 
Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc. acted as joint 
lead arrangers and joint bookrunners for the Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities. The proceeds of the Term Facility were used by the Borrower, 
together with the proceeds of the equity contribution and other sources of 
funds, to pay the consideration for the Acquisition, to refinance the 
Companys existing credit facilities and to pay the costs and expenses of 
the Acquisition and other related transactions. The proceeds of the 
Revolving Facility will be used by the Borrower from time to time for 
general corporate purposes and other purposes agreed to with the lenders. 
The Term Facility will mature on the seventh anniversary of the Closing 
Date, and the Revolving Facility will mature on the fifth anniversary of 
the Closing Date. The Term Facility requires scheduled quarterly payments 
in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 
term loans, with the balance due at maturity. Borrowings under the Senior 
Secured Credit Facilities are expected to bear interest at a rate equal to, 
at the Borrowers option, either LIBOR or the base rate, subject to an 
interest rate floor plus an applicable margin rate. In addition, on a 
quarterly basis, the Borrower is required to pay each lender under the 
Revolving Facility a commitment fee in respect of any unused commitments 
thereunder at a rate of 0.50% per annum. A portion of the proceeds from the 
Term Facility was used to repay all amounts outstanding under the Term 
Loans as defined below.

The Senior Secured Credit Facilities are guaranteed by AP Gaming Holdings, 
the Borrowers material, wholly owned domestic subsidiaries (subject to 
certain exceptions) and AP Gaming NV, LLC, and are secured by a pledge by 
AP Gaming Holdings of the Borrowers equity interest directly held by AP 
Gaming Holdings and a pledge of substantially all of the existing and 
future property and assets of the Borrower and the subsidiary guarantors 
and AP Gaming NV, LLC, subject to certain exceptions. The Senior Secured 
Credit Facilities require that the Borrower maintain a maximum net first 
lien leverage
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ratio set at a maximum of 5.5 to 1 beginning with the first quarter ending 
June 30, 2014. The Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain limitations on 
additional indebtedness, guarantees, incurrence of liens, investments and 
distributions, as defined. The Senior Secured Credit Facilities also 
contain customary events of default included in similar financing 
transactions, including, among others, failure to make payments when due, 
default under other material indebtedness, breach of covenants, breach of 
representations and warranties, involuntary or voluntary bankruptcy, and 
material judgments.

On August 15, 2012, AGS Capital entered into a $130 million senior secured 
credit agreement with UBS Securities, LLC (the Term Loans). Under this 
credit agreement, AGS Capital borrowed $115 million as an Initial Term Loan 
and utilized the proceeds to repay all amounts outstanding under the May 
14, 2007 credit agreement and fund operations. The agreement also included 
a $15 million Delayed Draw Term Loan commitment, of which $7.5 million was 
freely available to us and was drawn on October 25, 2012, with the 
remaining $7.5 million draw subject to certain criteria. The Term Loans 
accrued interest at LIBOR or base rate, at our election, subject to an 
interest rate floor plus an applicable margin rate. Aggregate principal 
amounts of the Term Loans were payable in quarterly installments equal to 
1.25% of the outstanding balance beginning September 30, 2014, with the 
final installment payable at August 15, 2016. Concurrent with the 
consummation of the Acquisition, a portion of the net proceeds from the 
Senior Secured Credit Facilities was used to repay in full the amounts 
outstanding under the Term Loans, which totaled approximately $137.9 
million in repaid principal, accrued and unpaid interest, breakage fees and 
the applicable prepayment penalty. During the Predecessor Period the 
Predecessor recognized a $14.7 million loss on debt retirement which 
consists of a $6.2 million prepayment penalty, a $8.2 million write-off of 
unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts and a $0.3 million payment 
for breakage fees.

In October 2013, AGS Capital entered into financing agreements to purchase 
450 gaming machines from various third party suppliers for lease to a 
company that operates and service slot routes in Illinois. The agreements 
require monthly payments of interest and principle and have terms ranging 
from 24 to 36 months and carry an interest rate from 8.0% to 8.5%. The 
amounts due under these financing agreement were paid in full in connection 
with the Acquisition.

In January 2014, we entered into a financing agreement to purchase certain 
gaming devises and/or systems and related equipment in the amount of $2.7 
million. The agreement requires monthly payments commencing 90 days from 
the date of delivery with a term of 36 months at an annual fixed interest 
rate of 7.5%.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Results of Operations

The following tables set forth certain selected audited consolidated 
financial data for the periods indicated:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Period from
December 21, 2013
through December 31, 	  	  	Period from
January 1, 2013
through December 20, 	  	  	Year Ended December 31, 	 
  	   	2013 	  	  	2013 	  	  	2012 	  	  	2011 	 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

 Gaming revenue

   	$ 	1,953,032 	   	  	$ 	54,076,877 	   	  	$ 	54,029,397 	   	  	$ 	
52,659,644 	  

 Gaming revenueother

   	  	   	   	  	  	795,266 	   	  	  	3,762,752 	   	  	  	4,270,598 	  

 Equipment sales

   	  	   	   	  	  	1,557,721 	   	  	  	762,958 	   	  	  	2,715,580 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Total revenues

   	  	1,953,032 	   	  	  	56,429,864 	   	  	  	58,555,107 	   	  	  	
59,645,822 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Operating expenses

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

 Gaming operating expenses

   	  	251,418 	   	  	  	9,099,428 	   	  	  	11,515,204 	   	  	  	
16,091,095 	  

 Cost of equipment sales

   	  	   	   	  	  	893,478 	   	  	  	395,181 	   	  	  	1,060,693 	  

 Loss on disposition of assets

   	  	   	   	  	  	394,645 	   	  	  	450,858 	   	  	  	175,626 	  

 General and administrative

   	  	866,851 	   	  	  	16,092,065 	   	  	  	14,349,749 	   	  	  	
13,345,198 	  

 Selling and marketing

   	  	58,165 	   	  	  	3,154,234 	   	  	  	3,442,549 	   	  	  	
3,345,540 	  

 Phantom unit compensation

   	  	   	   	  	  	542,514 	   	  	  	653,596 	   	  	  	929,140 	  

 Impairment of long lived assets

   	  	   	   	  	  	3,364,090 	   	  	  	2,711,412 	   	  	  	803,506 	  

 Impairment of intangibles

   	  	   	   	  	  	1,720,864 	   	  	  	3,686,414 	   	  	  	   	  

 Impairment of goodwill

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	18,678,970 	   	  	  	   	  

 Write downs and other charges

   	  	7,469,101 	   	  	  	4,377,820 	   	  	  	3,663,886 	   	  	  	
2,249,436 	  

 Depreciation and amortization

   	  	929,646 	   	  	  	28,966,892 	   	  	  	29,454,038 	   	  	  	
23,643,662 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Total operating expenses

   	  	9,575,181 	   	  	  	68,606,030 	   	  	  	89,001,857 	   	  	  	
61,643,896 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Loss from operations

   	  	(7,622,149 	)  	  	  	(12,176,166 	)  	  	  	(30,446,750 	)  	  	  	
(1,998,074 	) 

 Interest expense

   	  	485,226 	   	  	  	17,116,458 	   	  	  	10,269,667 	   	  	  	
5,832,937 	  

 Interest income

   	  	   	   	  	  	(1,409,915 	)  	  	  	(439,140 	)  	  	  	(512,299 	
) 

 Loss on debt retirement

   	  	   	   	  	  	14,661,127 	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

 Other (income) expenses, net

   	  	(6,125 	)  	  	  	5,133 	   	  	  	(66,292 	)  	  	  	293,730 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Net loss before income taxes

   	$ 	(8,101,250 	)  	  	$ 	(42,548,969 	)  	  	$ 	(40,210,985 	)  	  	$ 	
(7,612,442 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 


Combined Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to the Year Ended December 
31, 2012

Total Revenues

Total revenues were $58.4 million for the 2013 Combined period compared to 
$58.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, which represents a 
decrease of $0.2 million, or 0.8%. Gaming revenues were $55.8 million for 
the 2013 Combined period compared to $54.0 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2012, which represents an increase of $1.7 million, or 3.2%. 
The decrease in total revenue was primarily a result of the termination of 
a software license agreement on March 29, 2013; partially offset by the 
increase in gaming revenues. The increase in gaming revenue was primarily a 
result of transitioning from predominantly participation based revenue to 
more lease based revenue, including the addition of an entirely new lease 
market when we expanded our operations into Illinois.


Operating Expenses

Gaming operating expenses. Total gaming operating expenses were $9.4 
million for the 2013 Combined period compared to $11.5 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2012, which represents a decrease of $2.2 million, or 
18.8%. The decrease in gaming operating expenses was primarily a result of 
the consummation of the Bluberi transaction in May 2012, which reduced 
Bluberi commissions by approximately $3.0 million in 2013 and $0.4 million 
capitalization of certain production costs during 2013 that did not occur 
in 2012; partially offset by an increase facility specific fees and 
commission fees.

Cost of equipment sales. Cost of equipment sales was $0.9 million for the 
Combined Period compared to $0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 
2012, which represents an increase of $0.5 million, or 126.1%. The increase 
is due to an increase in equipment sales.

Loss on disposition of assets. Loss on disposition of assets was $0.4 
million for the 2013 Combined period compared to $0.5 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2012, which represents a decrease of $0.1 million, or 
12.4%.
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
General and administrative. General and administrative costs were $17.0 
million for the 2013 Combined period compared to $14.4 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2012, which represents an increase of $2.6 million, or 
18.2%. The increase is due to legal fees of $1.2 million related to an 
arbitration proceeding with a customer, legal fees of $0.4 million related 
to the filing of our registration statement, as well an increase in payroll 
costs; partially offset by a decrease in licensing fees related to initial 
licensing of new jurisdictions expensed in 2012.

Selling and marketing. Selling and marketing costs were relatively 
consistent at $3.2 million for the 2013 Combined period and $3.4 million 
for the year ended December 31, 2012.

Phantom unit compensation. Phantom unit compensation expense was $0.6 
million for the 2013 Combined period compared to $0.7 million for year 
ended December 31, 2012, which represents a decrease of $0.1 million, or 
17.0%. The expense represents the recognition of the change in the fair 
value of the phantom units that vested during the two periods.

Impairment of long lived assets. Impairment of long-lived assets represents 
an impairment loss for obsolete gaming machines. The impairment charge was 
$3.4 million for the 2013 Combined period compared to $2.7 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2012, which represents an increase of $0.7 million, 
or 24.1%.

Impairment of intangibles. Impairment of intangibles was $1.7 million for 
the 2013 Combined period compared to $3.7 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2012, which represents a decrease of $2.0 million, or 53.3%. 
The 2013 Combined period amount relates to a lease incentive associated 
with a long-term lease with a gaming operator in Illinois entered into in 
2010 for which the lease was amended in September 2013. The 2012 amount 
related to adjusting our net carrying value of the cashless gaming system 
licenses required to operate certain gaming machines. The remaining amount 
related to customer agreements and internally developed software associated 
with a licensing agreement held by AGS Toronto, which we terminated in 
March 2013.

Impairment of goodwill. Impairment of goodwill was $0 and $18.7 million for 
the 2013 Combined period and the year ended December 31, 2012, 
respectively. The 2012 impairment, which accounted for the entire balance, 
was primarily the result of actual results not meeting our long-term 
operating plan.

Write downs and other charges. Write downs and other charges were $11.8 
million and $3.7 million for the 2013 Combined period and the year ended 
December 31, 2012, respectively, which represents an increase of $8.1 
million, or 218.9%. The majority of the 2013 Combined period costs related 
to transaction expenses incurred with respect to the Acquisition. The 
amounts for 2012 consist of $3.5 million of debt-related costs related to 
our prior credit facility, which was paid off with the proceeds of the Term 
Loans, and other costs incurred for unsuccessful financing transactions, 
and $0.2 million for consulting fees paid to a related party.

Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization was $29.9 
million for the 2013 Combined period compared to a $29.5 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2012, which represents an increase of $0.4 million, 
or 1.4%.


Other (Income) Expense, net

Interest expense. Interest expense was $17.6 million for the 2013 Combined 
period and $10.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, which 
represents an increase of $7.3 million, or 70.9%. The increase in interest 
expense was primarily due to the increased interest rate for the new credit 
agreement entered into in August 2012.

Interest income. Interest income was $1.4 million for the 2013 Combined 
period compared to $0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The 
increase in interest income was primarily the result of additional interest 
recognized on the loans to the gaming operators in the Illinois VGT market 
partially offset by a decrease in the outstanding principal amount of our 
other development agreement notes receivable generating interest income.

Loss on debt retirement. Loss on debt retirement was $14.7 million for the 
2013 Combined period compared to $0 for the year ended December 31, 2012, 
which represents an increase of $14.7 million. The expense for the 2013 
Combined period consisted of a $6.5 million early termination penalty, $4.2 
million in deferred financing costs and $4.0 in debt discount related to 
the new credit facility entered into in 2012 that was paid off as part of 
the Acquisition.


Year Ended December 31, 2012 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2011

Total Revenues

Total revenues were $58.6 million for 2012 compared to $59.6 million for 
2011, which represents a decrease of $1.0 million, or 1.7%. Gaming revenues 
were $54.0 million for 2012 compared to $52.7 million for 2011, which 
represents an increase of $1.3 million, or 2.5%. The increase in gaming 
revenue was primarily a result of an increase in the install base of
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
leased games, which yielded a higher fee per day compared to participation 
games. Equipment sales were $0.8 million for 2012 compared to $2.7 million 
for 2011, which represents a decrease of $1.9 million, or 71.9%. The 
decrease in equipment sales was primarily due to our decision to focus on 
the recurring revenue portion of our business rather than game sales, which 
resulted in fewer units being sold in 2012 compared to 2011. We prefer the 
recurring revenue model due to the predictability of revenues and 
associated cash flows that game sales do not offer since many of the 
underlying contracts in our recurring revenue business are multi-year in 
nature.


Operating Expenses

Gaming operating expenses. Total gaming operating expenses were $11.5 
million for 2012 compared to $16.1 million for 2011, which represents a 
decrease of $4.6 million, or 28.6%. The decrease in gaming operating 
expenses was primarily a result of the consummation of the Bluberi 
transaction in May 2012. Bluberi commissions were $3.2 million in 2012 
compared to $7.8 million in 2011.

Cost of equipment sales. Cost of equipment sales were $0.4 million for 2012 
compared to $1.1 million for 2011, which represents a decrease of $0.7 
million, or 62.7%. The decrease in cost of equipment sales was primarily a 
result of fewer equipment sales as described above.

Loss on disposition of assets. Loss on disposition of assets was $0.5 
million for 2012 compared to $0.2 million for 2011, which represents an 
increase of $0.3 million, or 156.7%. The loss for 2012 represents two 
material dispositions, while the 2011 loss was primarily a result of a loss 
on the sale of gaming equipment in the fourth quarter of 2011 and the loss 
on written off gaming equipment in Mexico partially offset by the return of 
gaming equipment by the state of Alabama which was previously written off.

General and administrative. General and administrative costs were $14.4 
million for 2012 compared to $13.3 million for 2011, which represents a 
increase of $1.1 million, or 7.5%. The increase in general and 
administrative costs for 2012 was due primarily to an increase in research 
and development and payroll costs.

Selling and marketing. Selling and marketing costs were $3.4 million for 
2012 compared to $3.3 million for 2011, which represents an increase of 
$0.1 million, or 2.9%. The increase in selling and marketing costs was 
primarily a result of higher commission expense partially offset by lower 
general selling costs.

Phantom unit compensation. Phantom unit compensation expense was $0.7 
million for 2012 compared to $0.9 million for 2011, which represents a 
decrease of $0.2 million or 29.7%. The 2012 costs represent the recognition 
of the change in the fair value of the phantom units that vested during 
2012.

Impairment of long lived assets. Impairment of long-lived assets represents 
an impairment loss for obsolete gaming machines. The impairment was $2.7 
million for 2012 compared to $0.8 million for 2011, which represents an 
increase of $1.9 million, or 237.4%. The increase is primarily due to a 
greater number of gaming machine we do not expect to use for future 
deployments resulting from our decision to focus on newer cabinet models.

Impairment of intangibles. Impairment of intangibles was $3.7 million for 
2012, $2.9 million of which related to adjusting our net carrying value of 
the cashless gaming system licenses required to operate certain gaming 
machines. The remaining amount related to customer agreements and 
internally developed software associated with a licensing agreement held by 
AGS Toronto, which we terminated in March 2013. There was no impairment for 
intangibles in 2011.

Impairment of goodwill. Impairment of goodwill was $18.7 million for 2012. 
The 2012 impairment, which accounted for the entire balance, was primarily 
the result of actual results not meeting our long-term operating plan. 
There was no impairment for goodwill in 2011.

Write downs and other charges. Write downs and other charges were $3.7 
million for 2012 compared to $2.2 million for 2011, which represents an 
increase of $1.5 million, or 68.2%. The amounts for 2012 consist of $3.5 
million of debt-related costs related to our prior credit facility, which 
was paid off with the proceeds of the Term Loans, and other costs incurred 
for unsuccessful financing transactions, and $0.2 million for consulting 
fees paid to a related party. The 2011 costs solely relate to unsuccessful 
financial transactions.

Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense was 
$29.5 million for 2012 compared to $23.6 million for 2011, which represents 
an increase of $5.9 million, or 25.0%. The increase in depreciation was 
primary related to additional costs for new gaming machines including the 
new deployments for Illinois VGT market. The increased amortization expense 
was primarily a result of the amortization of the intangible associated 
with the Bluberi transaction that was completed in May 2012 as well as an 
increase in internally developed software, partially offset by certain 
intangibles that were fully amortized in 2012.
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other (Income) Expenses

Interest expense. Interest expense was $10.3 million for 2012 compared to 
$5.8 for 2011, which represents an increase of $4.5 million, or 76.1%. The 
increase in interest expense was primarily related to the increased 
interest rate for the Term Loans, which we entered into in August 2012.

Interest income. Interest income was $0.4 million for 2012 compared to $0.5 
million for 2011, which represents a decrease of $0.1 million. The decrease 
in interest income was primarily the result of a decrease in the 
outstanding principal amount of our development agreement notes receivable 
generating interest income. Of the $12.4 million of notes receivable as of 
December 31, 2012, $10.1 million is related to loans to gaming operators in 
the Illinois VGT market. Of the $10.1 million for Illinois we are 
recognizing interest income on $0.8 million which is a percentage basis of 
live units to expected total deployments.

Other. We recorded other income of $0.1 million for 2012 compared to other 
expenses of $0.3 million for 2011, primarily as a result of a change in 
foreign currency exchange.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

We expect that primary ongoing liquidity requirements will be for capital 
expenditures, working capital, debt servicing, game development and other 
customer acquisition activities. We expect to finance these liquidity 
requirements through a combination of cash on hand and cash flows from 
operating activities.

As of December 31, 2013, we had $21.7 million in cash and cash equivalents 
and $160.5 million of outstanding indebtedness (not including the 
discount), under our existing Term Facility and other long-term debt 
agreements. At December 31, 2013 we had no amounts drawn on our Revolving 
Facility. As of December 31, 2012, the Predecessor had $6.5 million in cash 
and cash equivalents and $122.9 million of outstanding indebtedness (not 
including the discount), which consisted of $122.5 million of outstanding 
indebtedness under Term Loans, and a $0.4 million note payable to 
Aristocrat.

Concurrent with the consummation of the Acquisition, on December 20, 2013 
(the Closing Date) we entered into our senior secured credit facilities, 
which consist of a $155 million Term Facility and a $25 million Revolving 
Facility. AP Gaming I, LLC (the Borrower), a wholly owned indirect 
subsidiary of AP Gaming, is the borrower under the Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities 
(USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Nomura Securities 
International, Inc. acted as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners for 
the Senior Secured Credit Facilities.

The proceeds of the Term Facility were used by the Borrower, together with 
the proceeds of the equity contribution and other sources of funds, to pay 
the consideration for the Acquisition, to refinance the Companys existing 
credit facilities and to pay the costs and expenses of the Acquisition and 
other related transactions. The proceeds of the Revolving Facility will be 
used by the Borrower from time to time for general corporate purposes and 
other purposes agreed to with the lenders.

The Term Facility will mature on the seventh anniversary of the Closing 
Date, and the Revolving Facility will mature on the fifth anniversary of 
the Closing Date. The Term Facility requires scheduled quarterly payments 
in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 
term loans, with the balance due at maturity. Borrowings under the Senior 
Secured Credit Facilities are expected to bear interest at a rate equal to, 
at the Borrowers option, either LIBOR or the base rate, subject to an 
interest rate floor plus an applicable margin rate. In addition, on a 
quarterly basis, the Borrower is required to pay each lender under the 
Revolving Facility a commitment fee in respect of any unused commitments 
thereunder at a rate of 0.50% per annum.

The Senior Secured Credit Facilities are guaranteed by AP Gaming Holdings, 
the Borrowers material, wholly owned domestic subsidiaries (subject to 
certain exceptions) and AP Gaming NV, LLC, and are secured by a pledge by 
AP Gaming Holdings of the Borrowers equity interest directly held by AP 
Gaming Holdings and a pledge of substantially all of the existing and 
future property and assets of the Borrower and the subsidiary guarantors 
and AP Gaming NV, LLC, subject to certain exceptions. The Senior Secured 
Credit Facilities require that the Borrower maintain a maximum net first 
lien leverage ratio set at a maximum of 5.5 to 1 beginning with the first 
quarter ending June 30, 2014. The Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain 
limitations on additional indebtedness, guarantees, incurrence of liens, 
investments and distributions, as defined. The Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities also contain customary events of default included in similar 
financing transactions, including, among others, failure to make payments 
when due, default under other material indebtedness, breach of covenants, 
breach of representations and warranties, involuntary or voluntary 
bankruptcy, and material judgments.

Based on our current business plan, we believe that our existing cash 
balances, cash generated from operations and availability under the 
Revolving Facility will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs 
for at least the next twelve months and that we will be in compliance with 
the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, including the maximum net first lien
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
leverage ratio for the quarters ended June 30, 2014, September 30, 2014 and 
December 31, 2014. However, our future cash requirements could be higher 
than we currently expect as a result of various factors. Our ability to 
meet our liquidity needs could be adversely affected if we suffer adverse 
results of operations, or if we violate the covenants and restrictions to 
which we are subject under the credit facility. Additionally, our ability 
to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities is subject to 
general economic, political, regulatory, financial, competitive and other 
factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash 
flow from operations, and future borrowings may not be available to us 
under our existing credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to 
pay our service or repay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity 
needs, and we may be required to seek additional financing through credit 
facilities with other lenders or institutions or seek additional capital 
through private placements or public offerings of equity or debt 
securities.

The following table summarizes our historical cash flows:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Period from
December 21, 2013
through December 31,
2013 	  	  	Period from
January 1, 2013
through December 20,
2013 	  	  	Year Ended
December 31, 2012 	 

 Cash Flow Information:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

   	$ 	(8,625,741 	)  	  	$ 	10,889,878 	   	  	$ 	18,849,508 	  

   Net cash used in investing activities

   	  	(216,301,793 	)  	  	  	(28,894,285 	)  	  	  	(51,776,140 	) 

   Net cash provided by financing activities

   	  	243,448,201 	   	  	  	14,323,261 	   	  	  	28,806,374 	  

   Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents

   	  	(49,856 	)  	  	  	406,777 	   	  	  	(121,069 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

   	$ 	18,470,811 	   	  	$ 	(3,274,369 	)  	  	$ 	(4,241,327 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 


Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

The Company has historically produced a loss from operations due mainly to 
the capital nature of the business and the resulting depreciation and 
amortization expense. For the Successor Period, net cash used in operating 
activities included an $8.2 million loss primarily attributed to $7.5 
million payment in write downs and other charges for fees related to the 
Acquisition. During the Predecessor Period and for the years ended December 
31, 2012 and 2011, the net operating losses were further impacted by the 
impairments that were recorded. Net cash provided by operating activities 
was $10.9 million for the Predecessor Period compared to $18.8 million for 
the year ended December 31, 2012, representing a decrease of $7.9 million. 
The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in income from operating 
activities, excluding non-cash expenses, and a payment of $2.1 million on 
the Phantom unit plan offset by a $5.2 million increase in working capital.


Net cash used in investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities for the Successor Period was $216.3 
million, which consisted of $215.0 million in cash paid for the Acquisition 
and $1.0 million for gaming equipment, vehicles and other equipment 
purchases. Net cash used in investing activities for the Predecessor Period 
was $28.9 million compared to $51.8 million during the year ended December 
31, 2012, representing a decrease of $22.9 million. The decrease is 
primarily due to a decrease in purchases of intangible assets of $18.5 
million, as $19.9 million was spend last year on the Bluberi transaction, 
and a reduction in advances to customers of $6.0 million offset by an 
increase in purchases of gaming equipment, vehicles and other equipment of 
$1.1 million and an increase in software development of $0.8 million.


Net cash provided by financing activities

Net cash provided by financing activities for the Successor period, was 
$243.4 million which consisted of $100.0 million in proceeds from the 
issuance of common stock and $150.3 million in net proceeds from the 
issuance of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, offset by $6.9 million 
paid in deferred loan costs. Net cash provided by financing activities for 
the Predecessor Period was $14.3 million compared to $28.8 million provided 
by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2012, 
representing a decrease of $14.5 million. The decrease in net cash provided 
by financing activities was primarily due to a significant decrease of 
approximately $109.8 million in borrowing in the Predecessor Period 
compared to 2012 offset by a member contribution of $144.1 million in the 
Predecessor Period compared to a $50.7 million member contribution in 2012.


Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We do not maintain any off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, 
obligations or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or others 
that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on 
our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or 
expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital 
resources.
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make 
decisions based upon estimates, assumptions and factors we consider 
relevant to the circumstances. Such decisions include the selection of 
applicable accounting principles and the use of judgment in their 
application, the results of which impact reported amounts and disclosures. 
Changes in future economic conditions or other business circumstances may 
affect the outcomes of our estimates and assumptions. Accordingly, actual 
results could differ materially from those anticipated.

We believe that the following critical accounting policies and underlying 
estimates and judgments involve a higher degree of complexity than others 
do:

Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if:
 
  	 	  	It requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time 
the estimate was made, and
 
  	 	  	Changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have 
been selected could have a material impact on our consolidated results of 
operation or financial condition.


Revenue Recognition

The majority of our gaming revenue is recurring and generated under 
participation agreements whereby we provide electronic gaming machines and 
systems in return for a percentage these gaming machines generate or a 
daily licensing fee. Under these arrangements, we generally retain 
ownership of the gaming equipment installed at customer facilities and are 
responsible for providing ongoing maintenance and support of the equipment. 
Certain arrangements require a portion of the revenue generated by our 
equipment to be set aside to be used to fund facility-specific marketing, 
advertising, promotions and service. These amounts are offset against 
revenue. We record revenue from our participation agreements based on the 
revenue generated by our machines during the reporting period factoring in 
the specified revenue share percentage for each customer. We record revenue 
from daily fee agreements based on the number of operating machine days 
during the reporting period multiplied by the specified daily fee per 
gaming unit or other denominator specified in the contracts.

Revenues from the stand-alone product sales or separate accounting units 
are recorded when:
 
  	 	  	persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
 
  	 	  	the sales price is fixed and determinable;
 
  	 	  	delivery has occurred and services have been rendered; and
 
  	 	  	collectability is probable.

The Company believes that the sale of its machines, and installation, 
training, service and removal thereof do not meet all the criteria in ASC 
605-25-25-5. The Company believes the criteria in paragraph 5(a) is met 
because its customers buy gaming machines of similar functionality and 
configuration from other suppliers in the Companys industry, while the 
Company believes the criteria in paragraph 5(c) is not met because it does 
not offer a general right of return and installation and training is 
performed typically or within a day of the delivery of the machine to the 
customer. The majority of the Companys lease agreements includes a 
requirement for the Company to service games should failures occur. The 
cost related to the servicing of these machines is expensed as incurred and 
is not significant compared to the total revenue generated from the lease 
contract. Further, the Company does not offer the servicing of machines 
(i.e., extended warranties) as a separate deliverable to customers as a 
matter of practice.


Notes Receivable and Development Agreements

We enter into development agreements to provide financing for the 
construction of new gaming facilities or the expansion of existing 
facilities. The agreements generally come in two forms. The first is in the 
form of a loan or note receivable. Interest income is recognized on the 
repayment of the notes based on the stated rate or, if not stated 
explicitly in the development agreement, on an imputed interest rate. If 
the interest rate is to be imputed, a discount to the note receivable and a 
corresponding intangible is recorded. The intangible is recognized in the 
financial statements as a contract right under development agreement and 
amortized on a straight-line basis as a reduction in revenue over the term 
of the agreement (Assumption #1). The second is in the form of an advance 
that is not expected to be repaid. These advances are accounted for as 
customer rights and amortized over the term of the agreement on a 
straight-line basis as a reduction in revenue. In both scenarios, the 
customer generally allocates to us a certain percentage of the floor or 
specified number of electronic gaming machines to be placed by us in the 
facility under a long-term equipment lease agreement whereby we receive a 
share of the revenues generated by our games or a fixed daily fee per game. 
Certain agreements contain performance standards for our gaming terminals 
that could allow the facility to reduce a portion of our guaranteed floor 
space. In the event a portion of the guaranteed floor space is reduced, the 
Company would recognize an impairment of the associated intangible. For our 
note
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
receivables, terms regarding repayment of our loans or advances vary by 
agreement. In some agreements, we are repaid out of the incremental 
facility revenue or profit generated by the expansion in proportion to the 
amount of the overall funding we provided. It is also typical to have 
agreements where our loans or advances are repaid based on fixed monthly 
payments or other amortization schedule. Interest income related to notes 
receivable is recorded as interest income over the life of the note 
receivable and any related fees or costs to establish the notes are charged 
to general and administrative as incurred in the Consolidated Statement of 
Operations and Comprehensive Loss. We have not sold our notes receivable to 
third parties, so we do not have any off-balance sheet liabilities for 
factored receivables.

The Company assesses the impairment of notes whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate the carry value may not be realized. Impairment is 
measured based on the present value of the expected future cash flows and 
is recorded as bad debt expense in the period of assessment (Assumption 
#2). For the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 31, 2012 and 
2011, the Predecessor recorded an impairment of notes of approximately $0.1 
million, $0 and $0, respectively.

The Company monitors the credit quality of its notes receivable by 
reviewing an aging of related customer invoices. Invoices are considered 
past due if a scheduled payment is not received within agreed upon terms. 
The Company also reviews a variety of other relevant qualitative 
information such as collection experience, economic conditions and specific 
customer financial conditions to evaluate credit risk in recording the 
allowance for doubtful accounts or as an indicator of an impaired loan.

The Company accrues interest, if applicable, on its notes receivables per 
the terms of the agreement. Interest is not accrued on notes considered 
past due, or individual amounts that the Company has determined and 
specifically identified as not collectible. Interest recognition will 
resume once the notes are not considered past due.

Notes and the related allowance are charged off when we have exhausted all 
efforts of collection and the it is deemed uncollectible.

Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #1: Intangibles that result from 
our notes receivable and development agreements are generally amortized 
over the life of the contract, using the straight-line method of 
amortization, which is recorded as a reduction of revenue generated from 
the gaming facility. We use a straight-line amortization method, as a 
pattern of future benefits cannot be readily determined.

Effect if Different Assumptions used for Assumption #1: While we believe 
that the use of the straight-line method of amortization is the best way to 
account for the intangible that results from our notes receivable and 
development agreement activity, the use of an alternative method could have 
a material effect on the amount recorded as a reduction to revenue in the 
current reporting period.

Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #2: We estimate cash flows 
directly associated with the use of the intangible assets to test 
recoverability and remaining useful lives based upon forecasted product 
revenues and cash flows. In developing estimated cash flows, we incorporate 
assumptions regarding future performance, including estimations of win per 
day and estimated units. When the carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted 
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the 
asset, we then compare the carrying amount to its current fair value. We 
recognize an impairment loss if the carrying amount is not recoverable and 
exceeds its fair value.

Effect if Different Assumptions used for Assumption #2: Impairment testing 
requires judgment, including estimations of cash flows, and determinations 
of fair value. While we believe our estimates of future revenues and cash 
flows are reasonable, different assumptions could materially affect the 
measurement of useful lives, recoverability and fair value. If actual cash 
flows fall below initial forecasts, we may need to record additional 
amortization and/or impairment charges.


Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts related to our accounts 
receivable and notes receivable that have been deemed to have a high risk 
of collectability. We review our accounts receivable and notes receivable 
on a monthly basis to determine if any receivables will potentially be 
uncollectible. We analyze historical collection trends and changes in our 
customers payment patterns, customer concentration and credit worthiness 
when evaluating the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts 
(Assumption #1). A large percentage of receivables are with Native American 
tribes that have their casinos and gaming operations in the state of 
Oklahoma, and we have concentrations of credit risk with several tribes. 
Despite the industry, geographic and customer concentrations related to our 
receivables, due to our historical experience with receivable collections, 
management considers credit risk to be minimal with respect to accounts 
receivable. We include any receivable balances that are determined to be 
uncollectible in our overall allowance for doubtful accounts. Changes in 
our assumptions or estimates reflecting the collectability of certain 
accounts could materially affect our allowance for both trade and notes 
receivable.
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #1: We estimate our allowance for 
doubtful accounts based on historical collection trends, changes in our 
customers payment patterns, customer concentration and credit worthiness.

Effect if Different Assumptions used for Assumption #1: Recording an 
allowance for doubtful accounts requires judgment. While we believe our 
estimates are reasonable, if actual cash collections fall below our 
expectations, we may need to record additional bad debt expense.


Inventories

Inventories consist primarily of parts and supplies that are used to repair 
and maintain machinery and equipment, as well as gaming equipment under 
construction or held for sale. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost 
or market. Cost of inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out 
(FIFO) method for all components of inventory. We regularly review 
inventory quantities and update estimates for the net realizable value of 
inventories to identify excess or obsolete inventory. This process includes 
examining the carrying values of parts and ancillary equipment in 
comparison to the current fair market values for such equipment (less costs 
to sell or dispose). Some of the factors involved in this analysis include 
the overall levels of our inventories, the current and projected demand 
including forecasted lease and sales levels for such products (Assumption 
#1), the projected markets for such products and the costs required to 
lease or sell the products, including refurbishment costs. Inventory is 
also subject to technical obsolence.

Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #1: Our estimates of net 
realizable value of inventory take into account projected usage including 
lease and sales levels that will utilize the existing inventory to assist 
in determining the net realizable value of the inventory at a balance sheet 
date. If inventory has no projected usage, it is written down to current 
market values (less costs to sell and dispose).

Effect if Different Assumptions used for Assumption #1: Although we believe 
our estimate of inventory usage are reasonable, different assumptions could 
materially affect the inventories net realizable value. If actual inventory 
usage is lower than our projections, additional inventory write-downs may 
be required.


Gaming Equipment, Vehicles and Other Equipment

The cost of gaming equipment consisting of gaming machines, servers and 
other support equipment as well as vehicles and other equipment, are 
depreciated over their estimated useful lives, generally using the 
straight-line method for financial reporting. We annually evaluate the 
estimated lives used to depreciate assets (Assumption #1). We measure 
recoverability of assets to be held and used by comparing the carrying 
amount of an asset to future cash flows expected to be generated by the 
asset (Assumption #2). Our policy is to record an impairment, when 
necessary, for excess or obsolete gaming machines on hand that we do not 
expect to be used. Impairments are based upon several factors, including 
estimated forecast of gaming terminal demand for placement into casinos.

Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #1: The carrying value of the 
asset is determined based upon managements assumptions as to the useful 
life of the asset, where the assets are depreciated over the estimated life 
on a straight line basis over five years.

Effect if different assumptions used for Assumption #1: While we believe 
the useful lives that we use are reasonable, different assumptions could 
materially affect the carrying value of the assets, as well as the 
depreciation expense recorded.

Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #2: We estimate cash flows 
directly associated with the use of the gaming equipment to test 
recoverability and remaining useful lives based upon forecasted product 
revenues and cash flows. In developing estimated cash flows, we incorporate 
assumptions regarding future performance, including estimations of win per 
day and estimated units. When the carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted 
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the 
asset, we then compare the carrying amount to its current fair value. We 
recognize an impairment loss if the carrying amount is not recoverable and 
exceeds its fair value.

Effect if Different Assumptions used for Assumption #2: Impairment testing 
requires judgment, including estimations of cash flows, and determinations 
of fair value. While we believe our estimates of future revenues and cash 
flows are reasonable, different assumptions could materially affect the 
measurement of useful lives, recoverability and fair value. If actual cash 
flows fall below initial forecasts, we may need to record additional 
amortization and/or impairment charges.


Intangible Assets, other than goodwill

The Company reviews its identifiable intangible assets for impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying 
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates 
definite-lived intangible assets for impairment based on the ability of the 
asset to generate cash flows in excess of its carrying amount, using an 
undiscounted cash flow analysis (Assumption #1). If the undiscounted cash 
flows are not sufficient to recover the assets carrying amount, impairment 
is recorded to the extent the fair value of the definite-lived intangible 
asset exceeds its carrying value.
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The brand name intangible asset has an indefinite useful life. We do not 
amortize the brand name intangible, but instead test for possible 
impairment at least annually or when circumstances warrant. We perform a 
qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the 
fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. If we believe, as 
a result of our qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not 
that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount, the 
quantitative impairment test is required.

We group our definite-lived intangible assets at the lowest level for which 
identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other 
assets and liabilities. The Company groups our identifiable intangible 
assets and reviews them for impairment according to the groupings below:
 
  	 	  	Contract rights under development agreements, customer 
relationships and agreements  Contract rights under development agreements 
relate to the discounts on development note receivables loans that have 
been extended to customers at no interest rate in exchange for a fixed 
number of gaming terminal placements in the customers facility. The 
Company receives a fixed percentage of those gaming terminals win per day 
over the term of the agreement or a daily fee per gaming terminal. Contract 
rights under development agreements are amortized over the term of the 
agreement as a reduction in revenue. Our impairment analysis incorporates 
reviewing the future expected revenues and cash flows under the respective 
contracts in comparison to the underlying net book value of the associated 
intangible. Customer relationships and agreements represent the cash 
advances to customers that are not expected to be repaid in exchange for a 
fixed number of gaming terminal placements in the customers facility. The 
Company receives a fixed percentage of those gaming terminals win per day 
over the term of the agreement or a daily fee per gaming terminal. Customer 
relationships and agreements are amortized over the term of the agreement 
as a reduction in revenue. Our impairment analysis incorporates the 
reviewing future expected revenues and cash flows with these related 
customer under the respective contracts in comparison to the underlying net 
book value of the associated intangible;
 
  	 	  	Third-party licenses  these intangibles represent the rights to 
license third party gaming titles that the Company has purchased for use in 
its gaming terminals. Third-party licenses are amortized to operating 
expense over the shorter of the term of the license or the expected life of 
the titles, whichever is shorter. Our impairment analysis incorporates the 
future expected revenues and cash flows of the title or gaming titles in 
comparison to their underlying net book value of the associated intangible;
 
  	 	  	Internally developed gaming software  these intangibles represent 
software development costs that are capitalized once technological 
feasibility has been established and are amortized when the software is 
placed into service. Any subsequent software maintenance costs, such as bug 
fixes and subsequent testing, are expensed as incurred. Discontinued 
software development costs are expensed when the determination to 
discontinue is made. Software developments costs are amortized over the 
expected life of the title or group of titles, if applicable, to 
amortization expense.
 
  	 	  	Purchased software  these intangibles represent the license to 
operate the ticket-in-ticket-out (TITO) technology associated with many 
of the Companys gaming terminals. These costs are amortized over the 
expected life of the underlying gaming terminal. These TITO intangible 
assets are included with a gaming terminal and are not transferrable to 
other gaming terminals once placed into service; therefore, our impairment 
analysis is incorporated with our review for impairment of the underlying 
gaming terminal. We evaluate the future revenues and cash flows associated 
with the underlying gaming terminal in comparison to the underlying net 
book value of the gaming terminal and associated TITO intangible asset.

The Company reviews its definite-lived intangible assets for impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying 
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Examples of such events or 
changes in circumstances include the following:
 
  	 	  	Contract rights under development agreements, customer 
relationships and customer agreements (1) other than temporary decrease in 
revenue and cash flows associated with a particular customer (2) reduction 
in amount of gaming terminal placements in the customers facility;
 
  	 	  	Third-party licenses  other than temporary decreases in revenue 
and cash flows associated with a gaming title or group of gaming titles;
 
39

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 	  	Internally developed gaming software  other than temporary 
decreases in revenue and cash flows associated with a gaming title or group 
of gaming titles; and
 
  	 	  	Purchase software  other than temporary decreases in revenue and 
associated cash flow associated with a specific gaming terminal.

Impairment is reviewed at a minimum on a quarterly basis. If indicators 
exist which causes the Company to perform an interim impairment test, the 
Company will compare the estimated undiscounted cash flows to the carrying 
value to determine if these cash flows are sufficient to recover the 
intangible assets carrying amount. If the undiscounted cash flows are 
insufficient, an impairment loss is measured to the extent the fair value 
of the asset is less than its carrying amount. The Predecessor recognized 
an impairment charge of approximately $1.7 million, $3.7 million and $0 for 
the Predecessor Period and the years end December 31, 2012 and 2011, 
respectively.

Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #1: We estimate cash flows 
directly associated with the use of the intangible assets to test 
recoverability and remaining useful lives based upon forecasted product 
revenues and cash flows. In developing estimated cash flows, we incorporate 
assumptions regarding future performance, including estimations of win per 
day and estimated units. When the carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted 
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the 
asset, we then compare the carrying amount to its current fair value. We 
recognize an impairment loss if the carrying amount is not recoverable and 
exceeds its fair value.

Effect if Different Assumptions used for Assumption #1: Impairment testing 
requires judgment, including estimations of cash flows, and determinations 
of fair value. While we believe our estimates of future revenues and cash 
flows are reasonable, different assumptions could materially affect the 
measurement of useful lives, recoverability and fair value. If actual cash 
flows fall below initial forecasts, we may need to record additional 
amortization and/or impairment charges.


Goodwill

We perform an annual goodwill impairment test on September 30 and between 
annual tests if indicators of impairment exist, such as a significant 
adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate, an adverse 
action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, or a loss 
of key personnel. The first step of the two-step annual impairment test 
involves comparing the fair value of the Companys reporting unit with its 
aggregate carrying value, including goodwill. The Company determines the 
fair value of its reporting unit using the income approach (discounted cash 
flow method) (Assumption #1). If the carrying amount of the reporting unit 
exceeds its fair value, the Company performs the second step of the annual 
impairment test to determine the amount of goodwill impairment loss. The 
second step of the annual impairment test involves comparing the implied 
fair value of the reporting units goodwill with the carrying value of that 
goodwill.

Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #1: In the first step of the 
goodwill impairment test, we estimate the fair value our reporting unit and 
compare that to the carrying value. Fair value is based upon forecasted 
product revenues and cash flows. In developing estimated cash flows, we 
incorporate assumptions regarding future performance, including estimations 
of win per day and estimated units. When the carrying amount exceeds fair 
value, we then compare the carrying amount of goodwill to the implied fair 
value of goodwill. We recognize an impairment loss if the carrying amount 
is exceeds the implied fair value.

Effect if Different Assumptions used for Assumption #1: Impairment testing 
requires judgment, including estimations of cash flows, and determinations 
of fair value. While we believe our estimates of future revenues and cash 
flows are reasonable, different assumptions could materially affect the 
measurement of useful lives, recoverability and fair value. If actual cash 
flows fall below initial forecasts, we may need to record additional 
amortization and/or impairment charges.


Income Taxes

We account for income taxes under accounting guidance for income taxes, 
whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future 
tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement 
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective 
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted 
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those 
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under the 
accounting guidance, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a 
change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the 
enactment date. Future tax benefits are recognized to the extent that 
realization of those benefits is considered more likely than not and a 
valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets which do not 
meet this threshold.
 
40

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Costs of Computer Software

Internally developed gaming software is accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 
985-20, Costs of Software to Be Sold, Leased or Marketed, and is stated at 
cost, which is amortized over the estimated useful lives of the software, 
generally using the straight-line method (Assumption #1). Software 
development costs are capitalized once technological feasibility has been 
established and are amortized when the software is placed into service. Any 
subsequent software maintenance costs, such as bug fixes and subsequent 
testing, are expensed as incurred. Discontinued software development costs 
are expensed when the determination to discontinue is made. Software 
developments costs are amortized over the expected life of the title or 
group of titles, if applicable, to amortization expense.

On a quarterly basis, we compare the net book value of our internally 
developed computer software to the net realizable value on a product by 
product basis. The net realizable value is determined based upon certain 
assumptions, including the expected future revenues and net cash flows of 
the gaming titles or group of gaming titles utilizing that software, if 
applicable (Assumption #2). For the year ended December 31, 2012, the 
Predecessor recognized an impairment charge of approximately $0.8 million 
for internally developed costs that related to a licensing agreement held 
by AGS Toronto, which the Company terminated in March 2013. These assets 
have no future value and were written off accordingly.

Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #1: Internally developed gaming 
software intangibles are generally amortized over the expected life of the 
product, using the straight-line method of amortization, to amortization 
expense. We use a straight-line amortization method, as the associated 
revenue from our revenue share or daily fee arrangements is relatively 
consistent over the life of the product.

Effect if Different Assumptions used for Assumption #1: While we believe 
that the use of the straight-line method of amortization is the best way to 
account for the internally developed gaming software intangible, if the 
timing of actual revenues varies from forecasted revenues, our estimate and 
timing of the amortization may have to be altered.

Assumptions/Approach used for Assumption #2: We estimate the revenues and 
net cash flows from our internally developed software intangible on a 
product by product basis to compare net book value to net realizable value. 
In developing estimated revenues and cash flows, we incorporate assumptions 
regarding future performance, including estimations of win per day and 
estimated units. When the carrying amount exceeds the net realizable value, 
the excess is written off.

Effect if Different Assumptions used for Assumption #2: Determining net 
realizable value requires judgment, including estimations of forecasted 
revenue and cash flows. While we believe our estimates of future revenues 
and cash flows are reasonable, different assumptions could materially 
affect the measurement of net realizable value.


Research and Development

We conduct research and development activities primarily to develop new 
gaming platforms and gaming content. These research and development costs 
consist primarily of salaries and benefits and are expensed as incurred. 
Once the technological feasibility of a project has been established, 
capitalization of development costs begins until the product is available 
for general release. Research and development expenses were approximately 
$28,000, $1.9 million, $2.1 million and $1.8 million for the Successor 
Period, the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 31, 2012 and 
2011, respectively, and are included as a component of general and 
administrative expense.


Contingencies

We assess our exposures to loss contingencies, including claims and legal 
proceedings, and accrue a liability if a potential loss is considered 
probable and the amount can be estimated. Significant judgment is required 
in both the determination of probability and the determination as to 
whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. Because of uncertainties 
related to these matters, if the actual loss from a contingency differs 
from our estimate, there could be a material impact on our results of 
operations or financial position. Operating expenses associated with 
contingencies, including legal fees, are expensed when incurred.
 
41

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contractual Obligations

The following table contains information on our contractual obligations and 
commitments as of December 31, 2013:
 
  	   	  	  	   	Payments Due by Period 	 
  	   	Total 	  	   	Less
than
1 year 	  	   	2-3 years 	  	   	4-5 years 	  	   	More than
5 years 	 

 Long term debt

   	$ 	160,531,000 	   	   	$ 	1,550,000 	   	   	$ 	3,100,000 	   	   	$ 	
3,100,000 	   	   	$ 	152,781,000 	  

 Estimated interest payment

   	  	103,397,482 	   	   	  	14,606,771 	   	   	  	28,816,473 	   	   	  	
28,195,978 	   	   	  	31,778,260 	  

 Operating leases

   	  	930,541 	   	   	  	440,490 	   	   	  	490,051 	   	   	  	   	   	
   	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

   Total

   	$ 	264,859,023 	   	   	$ 	16,597,261 	   	   	$ 	32,406,524 	   	   	
$ 	31,295,978 	   	   	$ 	184,559,260 	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 


Recently Issued Accounting Standards

In July 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an 
accounting standards update that amends the presentation requirements of an 
unrecognized tax benefit when a loss or other carryforward exists. The 
update would require the netting of unrecognized tax benefits against a 
deferred tax asset for a loss or other carryforward that would apply in 
settlement of the uncertain tax positions. The effective date for this 
update is for the annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 
2013. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, of adopting 
this statement on its consolidated financial statements.

In July 2012, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) issued 
Accounting Standards Update 2012-02, IntangiblesGoodwill and Other (Topic 
350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment, (ASU 
2012-02). ASU 2012-02 amends the guidance in Accounting Standards 
Codification 350-302 on testing indefinite-lived intangible assets, other 
than goodwill, for impairment by allowing an entity to perform a 
qualitative impairment assessment before proceeding to the two-step 
impairment test. If the entity determines, on the basis of qualitative 
factors, that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is 
not more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50 percent) 
impaired, the entity would not need to calculate the fair value of the 
asset. In addition, ASU 2012-02 does not amend the requirement to test 
these assets for impairment between annual tests if there is a change in 
events or circumstances; however, it does revise the examples of events and 
circumstances that an entity should consider in interim periods. ASU 
2012-02 is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for 
fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012, with early adoption being 
permitted. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on 
our financial position or results of operations.
 
ITEM 7A. 	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

Interest Rates. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate risk 
associated with our long-term debt, which accrues interest at variable 
rates. The Senior Secured Credit Facilities accrue interest at LIBOR or the 
base rate, at our election, subject to an interest rate floor plus an 
applicable margin rate.

In connection with the development agreements we enter into with some of 
our customers, we provide financing for the construction of new gaming 
facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, which are generally 
required to be repaid. As a result of these notes receivable, we are 
subject to market risk with respect to interest rate fluctuations.

Any material increase in prevailing interest rates could cause us to incur 
significantly higher interest expense. These factors have not increased 
significantly, therefore no significant changes have been made in our 
strategies to manage any of these exposures. We evaluate our exposure to 
market risk by monitoring interest rates in the market place.
 
ITEM 8. 	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

The information required by this item is contained in the financial 
statements listed in Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.
 
42

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM 9A. 	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management has evaluated the 
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and 
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) 
as of December 31, 2013. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, our disclosure controls 
and procedures are effective to ensure information is recorded, processed, 
summarized and reported within the periods specified in the Securities and 
Exchange Commissions rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated 
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding 
required disclosure.

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial 
Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will 
prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well 
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, 
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the 
design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource 
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to 
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no 
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control 
issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent 
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be 
faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error and mistake. 
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some 
persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of 
controls.

The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain 
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no 
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under 
all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions or because the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent 
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error 
or fraud may occur and may not be detected.


Managements Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

This Annual Report does not include a report of managements assessment 
regarding internal control over financial reporting as the Company is a 
newly public company. Further, an attestation report of the Companys 
independent registered public accounting firm is not included as 
non-accelerated filers are exempt from the auditor attestation requirement 
of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


Changes in Internal Controls

No change in our internal control over financial reporting as such term is 
defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) occurred during the year ended 
December 31, 2013 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
 
ITEM 9B. 	OTHER INFORMATION.

Apollo has provided notice to us that, as of October 24, 2013, certain 
investment funds managed by affiliates of Apollo beneficially owned 
approximately 22% of the limited liability company interests of CEVA 
Holdings, LLC (CEVA). Under the limited liability company agreement 
governing CEVA, certain investment funds managed by affiliates of Apollo 
hold a majority of the voting power of CEVA and have the right to elect a 
majority of the board of CEVA. CEVA may be deemed to be under common 
control with us, but this statement is not meant to be an admission that 
common control exists. As a result, it appears that we are required to 
provide disclosures as set forth below pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran 
Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (ITRA) and Section 
13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange 
Act).

Apollo has informed us that CEVA has provided it with the information below 
relevant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act. The disclosure below does 
not relate to any activities conducted by us and does not involve us or our 
management. The disclosure relates solely to activities conducted by CEVA 
and its consolidated subsidiaries. We have not independently verified or 
participated in the preparation of the disclosure below.

Through an internal review of its global operations, CEVA has identified 
the following transactions in an Initial Notice of Voluntary 
Self-Disclosure that CEVA filed with the U.S. Treasury Department Office of 
Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) on October 28, 2013. CEVAs review is 
ongoing. CEVA will file a further report with OFAC after completing its 
review.
 
43

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The internal review indicates that, in February 2013, CEVA Freight Holdings 
(Malaysia) SDN BHD (CEVA Malaysia) provided customs brokerage for export 
and local haulage services for a shipment of polyethylene resin to Iran 
shipped on a vessel owned and/or operated by HDS Lines, also an SDN. The 
revenues and net profits for these services were approximately $779.54 USD 
and $311.13 USD, respectively. In September 2013, CEVA Malaysia provided 
customs brokerage services for the import into Malaysia of fruit juice from 
Alifard Co. in Iran via HDS Lines. The revenues and net profits for these 
services were approximately $227.41 USD and $89.29 USD, respectively.

These transactions violate the terms of internal CEVA compliance policies, 
which prohibit transactions involving Iran. Upon discovering these 
transactions, CEVA promptly launched an internal investigation, and is 
taking action to block and prevent such transactions in the future. CEVA 
intends to cooperate with OFAC in its review of this matter.

At the time these transactions occurred, the Company was not an affiliate 
of CEVA.


PART III
 
ITEM 10. 	DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

Set forth below are the names, ages, positions, and biographical 
information of the executive officers of AGS Capital and the executive 
officers and director of the Company.


AGS Capital
 

Name

   	Age 	   	
Position

 David Lopez

   	39 	   	Chief Executive Officer

 Robert Miodunski (1)

   	62 	   	Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

 Curt Mayer

   	45 	   	Chief Financial Officer

 Ken Bossingham

   	49 	   	Chief Operating Officer

 Paul Lofgren (2)

   	52 	   	Vice President of Business Development

 Victor Gallo

   	47 	   	General Counsel, Compliance Officer and Vice President, 
Regulatory Affairs

 Olaf Vancura

   	46 	   	Vice President of Game Development
 
(1) 	Mr. Miodunski retired as our chairman, chief executive officer and 
president effective February 3, 2014.
(2) 	Mr. Lofgren is no longer an employee of AGS Capital, effective 
February 14, 2014.


AP Gaming
 

Name

   	Age 	   	
Position

 David Lopez

   	39 	   	Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary

 Curt Mayer

   	45 	   	Treasurer

 David Sambur

   	33 	   	Director

The following are brief biographies describing the backgrounds of the 
executive officers of AGS Capital and the executive officers and director 
of the Company.

David Lopez. Mr. Lopez has served as the Chief Executive Officer of AGS 
Capital and Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary of AP Gaming 
since February 3, 2014. Mr. Lopez most recently served as President and 
Chief Executive Officer of Global Cash Access, Inc., which he joined in May 
2012. Prior to his role at Global Cash Access, Inc., Mr. Lopez served as 
Chief Operating Officer of Shuffle Master Inc. from November 2010 until May 
2012. Mr. Lopez joined Shuffle Master Inc. in February 1998 and held 
various positions within the organization during his 14-year tenure, 
including Interim CEO, Executive Vice President, President of the Americas, 
Vice President of Product Management, as well as serving as a member of its 
Board of Directors from November 2010 until May 2012. Mr. Lopez is a 
graduate of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas with a B.S. in Business 
Administration.

Robert Miodunski. Mr. Miodunski served as our Chairman, Chief Executive 
Officer and President of AGS Capital from July 2010 until his retirement, 
effective February 3, 2014. He previously served as President and Chief 
Executive Officer of
 
44

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alliance Gaming (nka Bally Technologies, Inc.) from 1999 to 2004. From 
fiscal year 2000 through 2004, Alliance Gaming grew its revenue from 
continuing operations from $184.0 million to $476.6 million and operating 
income from $5.8 million to $88.8 million. Prior to his tenure at Bally, 
Mr. Miodunski was President of United Coin Machine Co., a subsidiary of 
Bally Technologies, Inc. Mr. Miodunskis previous experience also includes 
service as President of Mulholland Harper, a national sign company, several 
vice president positions with Federal Sign, a subsidiary of Federal Signal, 
and a number of managerial positions within the semiconductor industry. Mr. 
Miodunski received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of 
Missouri and an MBA from the University of Dallas.

Curt Mayer. Mr. Mayer has served as the Chief Financial Officer of AGS 
Capital since July 2011 and the Treasurer of AP Gaming since February 
2014. From February 2011 to July 2011, he served as Chief Financial Officer 
of Skywire Media, Inc., a startup in the mobile technology sector. From May 
2007 to November 2010, Mr. Mayer served as Corporate Vice-President of 
Finance for Station Casinos, Inc. Prior to his tenure at Station Casinos, 
Mr. Mayer served as Chief Financial Officer for Black Gaming, LLC from May 
2002 to May 2007. From July 1992 to May 2002, Mr. Mayer was employed by the 
accounting firm of Arthur Andersen, LLP, most recently as a Senior Audit 
Manager. From 1995 to 2002, Mr. Mayer worked in the firms Las Vegas office 
providing audit services to the hospitality and gaming industry. Mr. Mayer 
obtained his CPA license in the state of Pennsylvania.

Ken Bossingham. Mr. Bossingham has served as our Chief Operating Officer 
since January 2013. He previously spent 12 years with Atronic Americas, LLC 
as Senior Vice President of Sales and Chief Operating Officer, leading them 
through the GTECH acquisition in 2008. After the acquisition, Mr. 
Bossingham served as Vice President and General Manager North American 
Casino for GTECH/Spielo until his departure in 2013. Mr. Bossingham has 
also held senior management positions in the gaming space with JCM Global 
and Aristocrat Technologies. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from 
Moorhead State University and an MBA from Idaho State University.

Paul Lofgren. Mr. Lofgren served as our Vice President of Business 
Development from October 2010 to February 14,2014. He is the founder and 
President of Redhorse Advisory Group, which provides expertise and 
resources to gaming clients seeking to introduce new products, enter new 
markets or improve performance. Previously, he was Executive Vice President 
of Bally Technologies, Inc. where he led the Gaming Division and Worldwide 
Business Development of the company. In this position, Mr. Lofgren managed 
over 800 employees with operations in over 250 jurisdictions. Mr. Lofgren 
received his Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting from 
the University of San Diego.

Victor Gallo. Mr. Gallo joined us in February 2010 as Vice President, 
Licensing and Compliance and Compliance Officer and currently serves as our 
General Counsel, Compliance Officer and Vice President, Regulatory Affairs. 
Previously, Mr. Gallo was General Counsel and Vice President of Business 
Development for Youbet.com, and Vice President of Legal and Compliance and 
Corporate Counsel for Konami Gaming. Mr. Gallo has also worked as an 
attorney in private practice, and as an active duty captain in the Air 
Force Judge Advocate General Corps. Mr. Gallo received his Bachelor of 
Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Southern 
California and a Juris Doctor from the University of the Pacific.

Olaf Vancura. Dr. Vancura has served as our Vice President for Game 
Development since October 2010. Previously, Dr. Vancura was Vice President 
of Game Development and Chief Creative Officer of Mikohn Gaming. Dr. 
Vancura is the chief architect of the popular strategy-based Yahtzee and 
Battleship lines of casino games, as well as the trivia-based Ripleys 
Believe It or Not! casino games. He has also acquired and created unique 
casino game content for national brands such as Garfield, Monopoly, Clue, 
Trivial Pursuit and Wink Martindale. On multiple occasions, Dr. Vancuras 
games have received game-design Most Innovative awards and been featured 
on the covers of major gaming publications and two of Dr. Vancuras gaming 
machine titles were voted #1 and #3 Most Innovative Games of the Year by 
readers of Strictly Slots magazine. He was the named inventor on over 60 
national (and additional international) patents related to gaming. Dr. 
Vancura holds a Ph.D in physics from Johns Hopkins University, served a 
post-doctoral fellowship at Harvard University and was a member of the 
Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.

David Sambur. Mr. Sambur has served as a member of the Board of AP Gaming 
since November 2013. Mr. Sambur is a Partner of Apollo, having joined in 
2004. Mr. Sambur has experience in financing, analyzing, investing in 
and/or advising public and private companies and their board of directors. 
Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Sambur was a member of the Leveraged Finance 
Group of Salomon Smith Barney Inc. from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Sambur serves on 
the board of directors of Caesars Entertainment, Caesars Acquisition 
Company, Verso Paper Corp., Momentive Performance Materials Holdings LLC, 
Momentive Performance Materials Inc. and Momentive Specialty Chemicals Inc. 
Mr. Sambur graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Emory 
University with a BA in Economics. Mr. Samburs executive leadership 
experience, including his service on the board of several companies, and 
financial expertise is a valuable asset to the Board.
 
45

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM 11. 	EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

Summary Compensation Table

The following table discloses compensation for our fiscal year ending 
December 31, 2013 (Fiscal 2013) received by Messrs. Miodunski, Mayer and 
Lofgren, each of whom was a named executive officer during Fiscal 2013.
 
Name and Principal Position 	   	Year 	  	   	Salary ($) 	  	   	Bonus ($) 	
  	   	Stock
Awards
($) 	  	   	Option
Awards
($) 	  	   	Non-Equity
Incentive Plan
Compensation
($) 	  	   	All Other
Compensation
($)(1) 	  	   	Total ($) 	 

 Robert Miodunski,
 Former President and Chief
 Executive Officer

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
   	  	2013 	   	   	  	340,385 	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	
   	   	   	  	834,000 	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	1,174,385 	  
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	

 

 

 

 Curt Mayer,
 Chief Financial Officer

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
   	  	2013 	   	   	  	275,000 	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	
   	   	   	  	315,000 	   	   	  	11,331 	   	   	  	601,331 	  
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	

 

 

 

 Paul Lofgren
 Vice President, Business
 Development and Sales

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
   	  	2013 	   	   	  	275,000 	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	
   	   	   	  	265,000 	   	   	  	9,215 	   	   	  	549,215 	  
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	

 

 

 
 
(1) 	Amounts represent the Companys matching contribution under our 401(k) 
Plan.


Grants of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal 2013

The following Grants of Plan-Based Awards table provides information 
concerning awards granted in Fiscal 2013 to our named executive officers. 
No equity awards were granted to our named executive officers during Fiscal 
2013.
 
  	   	Estimated Possible Payouts Under 	 
  	   	Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) 	 
Name 	   	Threshold
($) 	  	   	Target
($) 	  	   	Maximum
($) 	 

 Robert Miodunski

   	  	   	   	   	  	170,192 	   	   	  	340,385 	  

 Curt Mayer

   	  	   	   	   	  	137,500 	   	   	  	275,000 	  

 Paul Lofgren

   	  	   	   	   	  	137,500 	   	   	  	275,000 	  
 
(1) 	This reflects the target and maximum payouts to our named executive 
officers pursuant to the 2013 Managerial Incentive Plan with respect to 
services performed for the Company during Fiscal 2013.


Employment Agreements with Named Executive Officers

Robert Miodunski

On June 2, 2010, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Robert 
Miodunski, pursuant to which he was appointed Chairman of the Advisory 
Board and Interim President / Chief Executive Officer of AGS. Mr. 
Miodunskis employment agreement was amended November 28, 2011 and again on 
March 21, 2013 to change his position to President/ Chief Executive Officer 
of AGS and Chairman of the Advisory Board until the earlier of his 
four-year anniversary with AGS, the hiring of a new President/CEO (at which 
time he would remain as Chairman) or a change in control of ownership of 
AGS. Mr. Miodunskis annual base salary is $450,000 and he is eligible for 
an annual bonus to be paid in cash based on our attainment of financial 
results and earnings targets. Mr. Miodunski also received a one-time 
signing bonus of $100,000, to be credited against his bonuses earned, if 
any, in either 2010 or 2011. In accordance with his employment agreement, 
Mr. Miodunski was granted phantom equity units. Effective April 1, 2013, 
Mr. Miodunski adopted a three-day work schedule, and his base salary was 
pro-rated accordingly to $300,000 per year. His annual performance bonus 
potential was also reduced pro rata by 60%.


Curt Mayer

On June 23, 2011, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Curt 
Mayer, pursuant to which he was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Mr. 
Mayers employment agreement was amended on March 18, 2013 to, among other 
things, increase his severance to nine months base salary. Mr. Mayers 
annual base salary is $275,000 and he is eligible for an annual bonus to be 
paid in cash based on our attainment of financial results and earnings 
targets. In accordance with his employment agreement, Mr. Mayer was granted 
profits interests that represent a percentage of the gains in equity value 
of the Company in the event of a sale.
 
46

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Paul Lofgren

On September 28, 2010, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. 
Paul Lofgren, pursuant to which he was appointed Vice President of Business 
Development. Mr. Lofgrens base salary is $275,000 and he is eligible for 
an annual commission bonus to be paid in cash based on sales and game 
placements signed after Mr. Lofgrens employment commences. Mr. Lofgren 
also received a one-time signing bonus of $50,000. In accordance with his 
employment agreement, Mr. Lofgren was granted profits interests that 
represent a percentage of the gains in equity value of the Company in the 
event of a sale.


Outstanding Equity Awards as of Fiscal Year End 2013

In connection with the Acquisition, all outstanding equity awards, which 
represent phantom units granted under the AGS Holdings, LLC Phantom Unit 
Plan, immediately vested, resulting in a $2.1 million payment made in the 
Predecessor Period under the terms of the plan. None of our named executive 
officers had any outstanding equity awards as of the Fiscal Year End 2013.


Option Exercises and Stock Vested
 
  	   	Option Awards 	  	   	Stock Awards 	 
Name 	   	Number of
Shares
Acquired
on
Exercise 	  	   	Value
Realized
on
Exercise 	  	   	Number of
Shares
Acquired
on Vesting 	  	   	Value
Realized
on
Vesting 	 

 Robert Miodunski (1)

   	  	400 	   	   	$ 	750,000 	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	  

 Curt Mayer (1)

   	  	100 	   	   	$ 	225,000 	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	  

 Paul Lofgren (1)

   	  	100 	   	   	$ 	225,000 	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	  
 
(1) 	The phantom units represented a contractual right to receive a 
percentage of the equity value of the Company in excess of the strike 
price, in the event of a change of control. A change of control was deemed 
to have occurred upon the consummation of the Acquisition, and as a result, 
all outstanding unvested phantom units immediately vested and all 
outstanding phantom units were settled for the cash payment shown above.


Pension Benefits

We do not maintain any defined benefit pension plan for the benefit of our 
named executive officers.


Nonqualified Deferred Compensation

We do not maintain any nonqualified deferred compensation plan for the 
benefit of our named executive officers.


Payments Upon Termination and Change of Control

Pursuant to each named executive officers employment agreement, upon the 
termination of his employment by the Company without Cause, the Company 
would provide cash severance equal to six months base salary to Mr. 
Miodunski, nine months base salary to Mr. Mayer and 12 months base salary 
to Mr. Lofgren. Cause in the employment agreements with each of Messrs. 
Miodunski, Mayer and Lofgren includes (i) failure to correct 
underperformance after written notification from, in the case of Mr. 
Miodunski, the Chairman of the Board or his designee, or, in the case of 
Messrs. Mayer and Lofgren, the CEO or the Board, (ii) illegal fraudulent 
conduct, (iii) conviction of a felony, (iv) a determination that Messrs. 
Miodunski, Mayer or Lofgrens involvement with the Company would have a 
negative impact on our ability to receive or retain any licenses, (v) 
willful or material misrepresentation to the Company, CEO or Board relating 
to the business, assets, prospects or operation of the Company, or (vi) 
refusal to take any action as reasonably directed by the Board or any 
individual acting on behalf or at the direction of the Board. In addition, 
Cause in Mr. Miodunskis employment agreement also includes EBITDA of the 
Company falling below $25 million during any twelve month period. Each of 
Messrs. Miodunski, Mayer and Lofgren must sign a standard release of claims 
before we will make any severance payment.

If the employment of each of our named executive officers had been 
terminated by us without Cause as of December 31, 2013, Messrs. Miodunski, 
Mayer and Lofgren would have been entitled to receive cash severance 
payments in the amount of $170,193, $206,250 and $275,000, respectively. 
Each of our named executive officers has agreed in his employment agreement 
to post-termination noncompetition and nonsolicitation covenants for 12 
months following termination of employment; provided that in the case of 
Mr. Miodunski (a) the nonsolicitation covenant applies for 24 months and 
(b) the noncompetition covenant only applies for six months following 
termination of employment by us without Cause unless the Company pays him 
an additional six months of severance.
 
47

------------------------------------------------------------------------
In addition, upon a change in control of the Company, all unvested phantom 
units will become fully vested subject to the named executive officers 
continued employment through the date of the change in control.


Hiring of New CEO

We hired David Lopez as our new CEO, effective February 3, 2014, upon the 
retirement of our former CEO and President, Robert Miodunski. Mr. Lopezs 
initial term is for three years and automatically renews thereafter for 
successive one-year terms.


Director Compensation

David Sambur is the sole member of our Board of Directors and does not 
receive any compensation from the Company for his services on the Board.


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

As of March 24, 2014, we had 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued and 
outstanding and all held by Apollo Gaming Holdings, LP. Upon receipt of all 
required governmental regulatory approvals, we will exchange the current 
10,000,000 shares of common stock held by Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. for 
10,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock, and we will issue all 100 
shares of our Common Stock, which have no economic rights, to AP Gaming 
VoteCo, LLC. The address of Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. is c/o Apollo 
Management, L.P., 9 West 57th Street, 43rd Floor, New York, NY, 10019, and 
the address of AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC is 6680 Amelia Earhart Court, Las 
Vegas, NV 89119. The members of AP Gaming VoteCo are Marc Rowan, who is an 
affiliate of Apollo, and David Sambur. Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. is an 
affiliate of Apollo Management, L.P.
 
ITEM 13. 	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 
INDEPENDENCE.

Related Transactions

Transactions Related to the Acquisition

On November 19, 2013, AGS Capital created a wholly owned subsidiary, AP 
Gaming NV, LLC (AP Gaming NV). Prior to the closing of the Acquisition, 
certain of AGS Capitals assets and interests in the State of Nevada were 
transferred to AP Gaming NV. At the closing of the Acquisition, AGS Capital 
sold all of the equity interest in AP Gaming NV to Curt Mayer, who was 
recently licensed by the Nevada Gaming Commission as the chief financial 
officer of AGS, LLC, pursuant to a purchase and option agreement (the P&O 
Agreement). Also at the closing of the Acquisition, AGS Capital and AGS 
Gaming NV entered into a services and license agreement (the Services and 
License Agreement), pursuant to which AP Gaming NV receives operational 
and administrative services from AGS Capital and AGS Capitals employees 
which, together with assets transferred to AP Gaming NV by AGS Capital, 
permit AP Gaming NV to continue the business Nevada operations on a 
seamless basis. In addition, at the closing of the Acquisition, AGS Capital 
entered into a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility) with AP 
Gaming NV to provide AP Gaming NV with sufficient liquidity to fund its 
operations.

Pursuant to the P&O Agreement, AGS Capital, the sole member of AP Gaming 
NV, retained an option to reacquire all of the equity interests in AP 
Gaming NV from Curt Mayer (the Option), which is exercisable on or prior 
to the tenth anniversary of the closing of the Acquisition. As required by 
the P&O Agreement, at the closing of the Acquisition, (a) AP Gaming NV 
executed and delivered a guarantee agreement in respect of the Senior 
Secured Credit Facilities and (b) AP Gaming NV entered into a collateral 
agreement in connection with the Senior Secured Credit Facilities in its 
capacity as a Pledgor.

Pursuant to the Services and License Agreement, AP Gaming NV receives 
operational and administrative services from AGS Capital and AGS Capitals 
employees that, together with assets transferred to AP Gaming NV by AGS 
Capital, permit AP Gaming NV to continue the business Nevada operations on 
a seamless basis from and after the closing of the Acquisition. The 
agreement also provides AP Gaming NV a non-exclusive, non-transferable, 
worldwide, fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-assignable license to all 
intellectual property of AGS Capital and AGS, LLC. In addition, AP Gaming 
NV is entitled during the term of the agreement to use and access space at 
certain of the Companys facilities, and is entitled to use the equipment 
located at such facilities pursuant to a limited license. The Services and 
License Agreement has a ten-year term.
 
48

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Revolving Facility provides for $1.0 million of maximum commitments. 
Loans under the Revolving Facility bear fixed interest at a rate equal to 
5.0% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears. AP Gaming NV, in its 
discretion, may opt to pay the quarterly interest in kind by adding any 
accrued and unpaid interest to the outstanding principal of the loans. The 
Revolving Facility matures on the tenth anniversary of the facility. Among 
other customary terms, the Revolving Facility contains the following Events 
of Default: failure of Curt Mayer to own 100% of AP Gaming NVs equity 
interests other than as a result of transfer to AGS Capital (or its 
designee), default or breach by AP Gaming NV of its obligations under the 
P&O Agreement or its operating agreement, or the expiry of AGS Capitals 
Option under the P&O Agreement. Upon receipt of regulatory approval from 
the Nevada Gaming Commission and the Nevada Gaming Control Board, it is 
expected that AGS Capital will exercise the option and reacquire all of the 
equity interests in AP Gaming NV.


Exclusive License and Distribution Agreements with Dr. Olaf Vancura

We have an exclusive license and distribution arrangement with Dr. Olaf 
Vancura, our Vice President of Game Development, Game Ingenuity, LLC (
Game Ingenuity), an entity in which Dr. Vancura is the managing member and 
Advanced Gaming Solutions, Inc. (Advanced), an unaffiliated entity.

Pursuant to the exclusive license agreement, Dr. Vancura and Game Ingenuity 
have agreed to exclusively license certain intellectual property rights to 
us during the period of Dr. Vancuras employment and any non-compete period 
that follows his employment. Upon termination of Dr. Vancuras employment 
and following the end of any non-compete period thereafter, our exclusive 
license automatically converts to a non-exclusive, perpetual right and 
license to use the intellectual property rights, as specified in the 
exclusive license agreement. We pay Dr. Vancura and Game Ingenuity 
royalties on the revenues we earn from or placement of select products that 
utilize the licensed intellectual property rights. For the year ended 
December 31, 2013 we have incurred approximately $0.1 million pursuant to 
this license arrangement.

Pursuant to the exclusive distribution agreement, Game Ingenuity, Advanced 
and Dr. Vancura have granted us the exclusive rights to promote, place 
and/or sell certain game titles in Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois, 
Maryland, Minnesota, New Mexico and Oklahoma for a period of one year, 
which may be extended subject to agreement among the parties, until the 
termination of Dr. Vancuras employment with AGS. In addition, the 
exclusive distribution agreement grants us the right to promote, place 
and/or sell the games Boogie Ball and Power Boogie non-exclusively in 
Nevada and exclusively in North America outside of Nevada. In exchange for 
this distribution right, we pay Game Ingenuity and Advanced royalties on 
the collections we receive from end-users using the gaming titles. For the 
year ended December 31, 2013, we have incurred approximately $50,000 in 
expense pursuant to this distribution arrangement.

Additionally, we co-own certain patents with Dr. Vancura which, by 
agreement, results in payments to Dr. Vancura during his employment with us 
for use of those patents.


Other Related Transactions

During 2012, AGS Holdings, LLC, as the member of AGS Capital, contributed 
capital totaling approximately $60.7 million to AGS Capital. Approximately 
$50.7 million of the contributed capital was utilized to cure debt covenant 
violations, repay current debt obligations, finance the final payment of 
the Definitive Agreement with Bluberi and provide working capital to AGS 
Capital. The remaining $10.0 million was a forgiveness of long-term debt to 
a related party that occurred in August 2012 associated with the Term 
Loans.

On October 25, 2012, AGS Illinois, LLLP, a subsidiary of AGS Capital, 
assumed all rights and obligations of Alpine AGS, LLC (Alpine AGS ), AGS 
Capitals indirect parent prior to the Acquisition, to a loan agreement 
held by Alpine AGS for $1,864,500. Interest on the loan is payable at a 
rate of 15% per year on the outstanding balance of the loan, which matures 
on March 9, 2016. Repayment of the principal and any accrued and 
outstanding interest is in monthly installments, beginning April 9, 2013.


Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions

Although we do not yet have any policies or procedures for the review, 
approval or ratification of transactions with related persons, we intend to 
implement such policies and procedures following the effectiveness of our 
registration statement on Form 10.


Director Independence

We intend to form committees of our Board of Directors and satisfy the 
independence requirements as and to the extent applicable to us following 
the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form 10.
 
49

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM 14. 	PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

As the Company had no operations prior to its formation, we have included 
the principal accounting fees and services disclosure for our Predecessors. 
The following table summarizes the aggregate fees paid or accrued by the 
Company and AGS Capital to Ernst & Young LLP, its independent registered 
public accounting firm, during the periods presented:
 

Category

   	2013 	  	   	2012 	 

 Audit fees

   	$ 	705,000 	   	   	$ 	264,000 	  

 Tax fees

   	  	202,750 	   	   	  	150,953 	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

   Total

   	$ 	907,750 	   	   	$ 	414,953 	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

Audit fees consisted of the aggregate fees paid or accrued for professional 
services rendered for the annual audit of the Companys or Predecessors 
financial statements including services related to SEC registration 
filings, and reviews of the quarterly financial statements.

Tax fees include the aggregate fees paid during the respective years for 
tax compliance and tax advisory services.

The boards of directors of the Company and AGS Capital have each adopted a 
policy that requires advance approval of all audit, audit-related, tax and 
other services performed by the independent auditors. The policy provides 
for pre-approval by each respective board of directors of specifically 
defined audit and non-audit services. Unless the specific service has been 
previously pre-approved with respect to that year, each board of directors 
must approve the permitted service before the independent auditor is 
engaged to perform it. All of the fees described in the table above were 
pre-approved by each respective board of directors.


PART IV
 
ITEM 15. 	EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

(a)(1). Financial Statements.

Included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Ernst & Young,
 LLP

   	  	F-1 	  

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm -
 PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP

   	  	F-2 	  

 Consolidated Balance Sheets

   	  	F-3 	  

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss

   	  	F-4 	  

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity/Members
 Deficit

   	  	F-5 	  

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

   	  	F-6 	  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

   	  	F-7 	  


(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules.

We have omitted financial statement schedules because they are not required 
or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the 
financial statements or notes to the financial statements.


(a)(3). Exhibits.
 
  	   	  	   	  	   	
Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit
Number

   	

Exhibit Description

   	

Filed
Herewith

   	

Form

   	

Period
Ending

   	

Exhibit

   	

Filing Date

  2.1 	   	Amended and Restated Equity Purchase Agreement by and among AGS 
Capital, LLC, AGS Holdings, LLC and AP Gaming Acquisition, LLC, dated 
December 3, 2013. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	2.1 	   	12/16/2013
  3.1 	   	Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AP 
Gaming Holdco, Inc. 	   	 	   	10/A 	   	 	   	3.1 	   	2/10/2014
  3.2 	   	Bylaws of AP Gaming Holdco, Inc. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	3.2 	
   	12/16/2013
 
50

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.1 	   	2011 Managerial Bonus Plan. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.1 	   	
12/16/2013
10.2 	   	2012 Managerial Incentive Plan. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.2 	
   	12/16/2013
10.3 	   	2013 Managerial Incentive Plan. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.3 	
   	12/16/2013
10.4 	   	AGS Holdings, LLC Phantom Units Plan. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	
10.4 	   	12/16/2013
10.5 	   	Employment Agreement between American Gaming Systems, LLC and 
Robert Miodunski, dated June 2, 2010. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.5 	   	
12/16/2013
10.6 	   	First Amendment to June 2, 2010 Employment Agreement between 
American Gaming Systems, LLC and Robert Miodunski, dated November 28, 2011. 	
   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.6 	   	12/16/2013
10.7 	   	Second Amendment to June 2, 2010 Employment Agreement between 
American Gaming Systems, LLC and Robert Miodunski, dated March 21, 2013. 	  
 	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.7 	   	12/16/2013
10.8 	   	Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicitation and Covenant Not to Compete 
Agreement between AGS LLC and Robert Miodunski, dated June 24, 2010. 	   	
 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.8 	   	12/16/2013
10.9 	   	Phantom Units Certificate between AGS Holdings, LLC and Robert 
Miodunski, dated August 16, 2012. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.9 	   	
12/16/2013
10.10 	   	First Amendment to Phantom Units Grant between AGS Holdings, LLC 
and Robert Miodunski, dated April 1, 2013. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	
10.10 	   	12/16/2013
10.11 	   	Employment Agreement between American Gaming Systems, LLC and 
Curt Mayer, dated June 23, 2011. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.11 	   	
12/16/2013
10.12 	   	First Amendment to June 23, 2011 Employment Agreement between 
American Gaming Systems, LLC and Curt Mayer, dated March 18, 2013. 	   	 	
   	10 	   	 	   	10.12 	   	12/16/2013
10.13 	   	Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicitation and Covenant Not to Compete 
Agreement between AGS LLC and Curt Mayer, dated June 23, 2011. 	   	 	   	
10 	   	 	   	10.13 	   	12/16/2013
10.14 	   	Phantom Units Certificate between AGS Holding, LLC and Curt 
Mayer, dated August 16, 2012. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.14 	   	
12/16/2013
10.15 	   	Employment Agreement between AGS LLC and Paul Lofgren, dated 
September 28, 2010. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.15 	   	12/16/2013
10.16 	   	Phantom Units Certificate between AGS Holdings, LLC and Paul 
Lofgren, dated August 16, 2012. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.16 	   	
12/16/2013
10.17 	   	First Amendment to Phantom Units Grant between AGS Holdings, LLC 
and Paul Lofgren, dated April 1, 2013. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	10.17 	   	
12/16/2013
 
51

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.18 	   	First Lien Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 2013, among 
AP Gaming Holdings, LLC, as Holdings, AP Gaming I, LLC, as Borrower, the 
lenders party thereto, Citicorp North America, Inc., as Administrative 
Agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc., as 
Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) 
LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Nomura Securities International, 
Inc., as Co-Syndication Agents, and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc., as 
Co-Documentation Agents. 	   	 	   	10/A 	   	 	   	10.18 	   	2/10/2014
10.19 	   	Collateral Agreement dated and effective as of December 20, 
2013, among AP Gaming I, LLC, each Subsidiary Party party thereto and 
Citicorp North America, Inc., as Collateral Agent. 	   	 	   	10/A 	   	 	
   	10.19 	   	2/10/2014
10.20 	   	Subsidiary Guarantee dated and effective as of December 20, 
2013, by and among each Subsidiary party thereto and Citicorp North 
America, Inc., as Collateral Agent. 	   	 	   	10/A 	   	 	   	10.20 	   	
2/10/2014
10.21 	   	Holdings Guarantee and Pledge Agreement dated and effective as 
of December 20, 2013, between AP Gaming Holdings, LLC, as Holdings and 
Citicorp North America, Inc., as Agent. 	   	 	   	10/A 	   	 	   	10.21 	
   	2/10/2014
10.22 	   	Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 
of AP Gaming Holdco, Inc. 	   	X 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
21.1 	   	Subsidiaries of AP Gaming Holdco, Inc. 	   	 	   	10 	   	 	   	
21.1 	   	12/16/2013
31.1 	   	Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
of 2002. 	   	X 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
31.2 	   	Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
of 2002. 	   	X 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
32 	   	Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002. 	   	X 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
52

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its 
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
  	 	  	AP GAMING HOLDCO, INC. 	  	
Date: March 31, 2014 	  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ CURT MAYER
  	
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Curt Mayer 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 	  	
  	 	  	Title: 	  	(Principal Financial Officer) 	  	

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 

Signature

   	

Title

  	

Date

/s/    DAVID LOPEZ        
   	President and Chief Executive Officer 	  	March 31, 2014
David Lopez 	   	(Principal Executive Officer) 	  	
/s/    CURT MAYER        
   	Treasurer 	  	March 31, 2014
Curt Mayer 	   	(Principal Financial Officer and Principal) 	  	
/s/    DAVID SAMBUR        
   	Director 	  	March 31, 2014
David Sambur 	   	 	  	
 
53

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Ernst & Young, 
LLP

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
AP Gaming Holdco, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of AP Gaming 
Holdco, Inc. (Company) as of December 31, 2013 (Successor) and the 
consolidated balance sheet of AGS Capital, LLC as of December 31, 2012 
(Predecessor), and the related consolidated statements of operations and 
comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the 
period from December 21, 2013 through December 31, 2013 (Successor), and 
the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, 
changes in members deficit and cash flows for the period from January 1, 
2013 through December 20, 2013 and the year ended December 31, 2012 
(Predecessor). These financial statements are the responsibility of the 
Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public 
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require 
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were 
not engaged to perform an audit of the Companys internal control over 
financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control 
over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over 
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit 
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and 
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting 
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and 
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that 
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, 
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of AP Gaming 
Holdco, Inc. as of December 31, 2013 (Successor) and AGS Capital, LLC as of 
December 31, 2012 (Predecessor), and the consolidated results of their 
operations and their cash flows for the period from December 21, 2013 
through December 31, 2013 (Successor), and the consolidated results of 
their operations and their cash flows for the period from January 1, 2013 
through December 20, 2013 and the year ended December 31, 2012 
(Predecessor), in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting 
principles.
 
/s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP
Las Vegas, Nevada
March 31, 2014
 
F-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP

To the Board of Managers of AGS Capital, LLC:

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and 
comprehensive loss, of stockholders equity/ members deficit and of cash 
flows present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations 
and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2011 (predecessor) in 
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United 
States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the 
Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit of these 
statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes 
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures 
in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall 
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a 
reasonable basis for our opinion.
 
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Las Vegas, Nevada
May 25, 2012
 
F-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AP GAMING HOLDCO INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	   	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	December 31,
2013 	  	  	   	   	December 31,
2012 	 

 Assets

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	

 Current assets

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	

   Cash and cash equivalents

   	$ 	21,741,724 	   	  	  	   	$ 	6,545,282 	  

   Restricted cash

   	  	100,000 	   	  	  	   	  	200,000 	  

   Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance of approximately $9,088 and
   $0.5 million, respectively

   	  	7,505,330 	   	  	  	   	  	7,949,287 	  

   Notes receivablecurrent portion

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	2,394,149 	  

   Inventories, net

   	  	3,890,619 	   	  	  	   	  	5,376,581 	  

   Prepaid expenses

   	  	1,028,258 	   	  	  	   	  	874,575 	  

   Deposits and other

   	  	3,174,250 	   	  	  	   	  	1,837,437 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

     Total current assets

   	  	37,440,181 	   	  	  	   	  	25,177,311 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

 Gaming equipment, vehicles and other equipment, net

   	  	49,504,931 	   	  	  	   	  	40,267,363 	  

 Notes receivable, net of current portion, less allowance for doubtful
 accounts of $0.4 million at December 31, 2012

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	10,047,966 	  

 Deferred loan costs, net

   	  	6,880,650 	   	  	  	   	  	5,391,841 	  

 Goodwill

   	  	60,383,930 	   	  	  	   	  	   	  

 Intangible assets, net

   	  	98,664,379 	   	  	  	   	  	39,644,021 	  

 Canadian tax receivable

   	  	23,068 	   	  	  	   	  	3,369,905 	  

 Deferred tax asset

   	  	219,837 	   	  	  	   	  	   	  

 Other assets

   	  	1,678,880 	   	  	  	   	  	1,668,279 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

     Total assets

   	$ 	254,795,856 	   	  	  	   	$ 	125,566,686 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 
  	

 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity/Members Deficit

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	

 Current liabilities

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	

   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

   	$ 	6,246,728 	   	  	  	   	$ 	5,269,033 	  

   Due to related party

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	66,436 	  

   Accrued interest

   	  	447,611 	   	  	  	   	  	2,016,597 	  

   Customer deposits on gaming machine leases

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	421,565 	  

   Current maturities of long-term debt

   	  	1,550,000 	   	  	  	   	  	382,972 	  

   Deferred tax liability

   	  	274,284 	   	  	  	   	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

     Total current liabilities

   	  	8,518,623 	   	  	  	   	  	8,156,603 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

 Phantom unit-plan liability

   	  	22,351 	   	  	  	   	  	1,582,736 	  

 Other long-term liabilities

   	  	66,600 	   	  	  	   	  	   	  

 Long-term debt

   	  	154,345,249 	   	  	  	   	  	117,768,326 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

     Total liabilities

   	  	162,952,823 	   	  	  	   	  	127,507,665 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

 Commitments and contingencies

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	

 Stockholders Equity/Members Deficit:

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	

   Predecessor members capital

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	136,672,633 	  

   AP Gaming Holdco Inc. preferred stock at $0.01 par value; 100,000 shares
   authorized, no shares issued and outstanding

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	   	  

   AP Gaming Holdco Inc. common stock at $0.01 par value; 30,000,100 shares
   authorized, 10,000,000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
   2013

   	  	100,000 	   	  	  	   	  	   	  

   Additional Paid-in capital

   	  	99,900,000 	   	  	  	   	  	   	  

   Accumulated deficit

   	  	(8,155,697 	)  	  	  	   	  	(139,138,386 	) 

   Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income

   	  	(1,270 	)  	  	  	   	  	524,774 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

     Total stockholders equity/members deficit

   	  	91,843,033 	   	  	  	   	  	(1,940,979 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

     Total liabilities and stockholders equity/members deficit

   	$ 	254,795,856 	   	  	  	   	$ 	125,566,686 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
 
F-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AP GAMING HOLDCO INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	   	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Period from December 21,
2013 through
December 31, 2013 	  	  	   	   	Period from January 1,
2013 through
December 20, 2013 	  	  	Year Ended December 31, 	 
  	   	  	   	  	2012 	  	  	2011 	 

 Revenues

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Gaming revenue

   	$ 	1,953,032 	   	  	  	   	$ 	54,076,877 	   	  	$ 	54,029,397 	   	  	
$ 	52,659,644 	  

   Gaming revenueother

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	795,266 	   	  	  	3,762,752 	   	  	  	
4,270,598 	  

   Equipment sales

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	1,557,721 	   	  	  	762,958 	   	  	  	
2,715,580 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Total revenues

   	  	1,953,032 	   	  	  	   	  	56,429,864 	   	  	  	58,555,107 	   	  	
  	59,645,822 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Operating expenses

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Gaming operating expenses

   	  	251,418 	   	  	  	   	  	9,099,428 	   	  	  	11,515,204 	   	  	  	
16,091,095 	  

   Cost of equipment sales

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	893,478 	   	  	  	395,181 	   	  	  	
1,060,693 	  

   Loss on disposition of assets

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	394,645 	   	  	  	450,858 	   	  	  	175,626 	
  

   General and administrative

   	  	866,851 	   	  	  	   	  	16,092,065 	   	  	  	14,349,749 	   	  	  	
13,345,198 	  

   Selling and marketing

   	  	58,165 	   	  	  	   	  	3,154,234 	   	  	  	3,442,549 	   	  	  	
3,345,540 	  

   Phantom unit compensation

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	542,514 	   	  	  	653,596 	   	  	  	929,140 	
  

   Impairment of long lived assets

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	3,364,090 	   	  	  	2,711,412 	   	  	  	
803,506 	  

   Impairment of intangibles

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	1,720,864 	   	  	  	3,686,414 	   	  	  	   	
  

   Impairment of goodwill

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	   	   	  	  	18,678,970 	   	  	  	   	  

   Write downs and other charges

   	  	7,469,101 	   	  	  	   	  	4,377,820 	   	  	  	3,663,886 	   	  	  	
2,249,436 	  

   Depreciation and amortization

   	  	929,646 	   	  	  	   	  	28,966,892 	   	  	  	29,454,038 	   	  	  	
23,643,662 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Total operating expenses

   	  	9,575,181 	   	  	  	   	  	68,606,030 	   	  	  	89,001,857 	   	  	
  	61,643,896 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Loss from operations

   	  	(7,622,149 	)  	  	  	   	  	(12,176,166 	)  	  	  	(30,446,750 	)  	
  	  	(1,998,074 	) 

 Other expense (income)

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Interest expense

   	  	485,226 	   	  	  	   	  	17,116,458 	   	  	  	10,269,667 	   	  	  	
5,832,937 	  

   Interest income

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(1,409,915 	)  	  	  	(439,140 	)  	  	  	
(512,299 	) 

   Loss on debt retirement

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	14,661,127 	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

   Other (income) expense

   	  	(6,125 	)  	  	  	   	  	5,133 	   	  	  	(66,292 	)  	  	  	
293,730 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Loss before income taxes

   	  	(8,101,250 	)  	  	  	   	  	(42,548,969 	)  	  	  	(40,210,985 	)  	
  	  	(7,612,442 	) 

   Income tax expense

   	  	(54,447 	)  	  	  	   	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Net Loss

   	  	(8,155,697 	)  	  	  	   	  	(42,548,969 	)  	  	  	(40,210,985 	)  	
  	  	(7,612,442 	) 

   Foreign currency translation adjustment

   	  	(1,270 	)  	  	  	   	  	32,008 	   	  	  	56,478 	   	  	  	
(48,496 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Total comprehensive loss

   	$ 	(8,156,967 	)  	  	  	   	$ 	(42,516,961 	)  	  	$ 	(40,154,507 	)  	
  	$ 	(7,660,938 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 
  	 	 	

 Basic and diluted loss per common share:

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Basic and diluted

   	$ 	(0.82 	)  	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

 Weighted average common shares outstanding

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Basic and diluted

   	  	10,000,000 	   	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
 
F-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AP GAMING HOLDCO INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY/MEMBERS DEFICIT
 
  	  	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	  	AP Gaming 	  	  	AGS Capital 	 
  	  	Common
Stock 	  	  	Additional
Paid-in
Capital 	  	  	Accumulated
Deficit 	  	  	Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
(loss) Income 	  	  	Total
Stockholders
Equity 	  	  	Members
Capital 	  	  	Receivable
from
Member 	  	  	Accumulated
Deficit 	  	  	Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
(loss) Income 	  	  	Total
Members
Deficit 	 

 Balance at January 1, 2011 (Predecessor)

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	$ 	64,186,179 	   	  	$ 	
(1,988,759 	)  	  	$ 	(91,314,959 	)  	  	$ 	516,792 	   	  	$ 	
(28,600,747 	) 

   Cancellation of receivable from member

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	(1,988,759 	)  	  	  	
1,988,759 	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

   Capital contributions

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	13,787,695 	   	  	  	
   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	13,787,695 	  

   Net loss

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	
  	  	(7,612,442 	)  	  	  	   	   	  	  	(7,612,442 	) 

   Foreign currency translation adjustment

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	
  	  	   	   	  	  	(48,496 	)  	  	  	(48,496 	) 
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 (Predecessor)

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	75,985,115 	   	  	  	
   	   	  	  	(98,927,401 	)  	  	  	468,296 	   	  	  	(22,473,990 	) 

   Capital contributions

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	60,687,518 	   	  	  	
   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	60,687,518 	  

   Net loss

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	
  	  	(40,210,985 	)  	  	  	   	   	  	  	(40,210,985 	) 

   Foreign currency translation adjustment

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	
  	  	   	   	  	  	56,478 	   	  	  	56,478 	  
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Balance at December 31, 2012 (Predecessor)

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	136,672,633 	   	  	  	
   	   	  	  	(139,138,386 	)  	  	  	524,774 	   	  	  	(1,940,979 	) 

   Capital contributions

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	144,065,986 	   	  	  	
   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	144,065,986 	  

   Net loss

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	
  	  	(42,548,969 	)  	  	  	   	   	  	  	(42,548,969 	) 

   Foreign currency translation adjustment

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	
  	  	   	   	  	  	32,008 	   	  	  	32,008 	  
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Balance at December 20, 2013 (Predecessor)

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	280,738,619 	   	  	  	
   	   	  	  	(181,687,355 	)  	  	  	556,782 	   	  	  	99,608,046 	  

   Elimination of Predecessor equity

  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	  	(280,738,619 	)  	  	  	
   	   	  	  	181,687,355 	   	  	  	(556,782 	)  	  	  	(99,608,046 	) 

   Issuance of common stock in connection with the acquisition

  	$ 	100,000 	   	  	$ 	99,900,000 	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	
$ 	100,000,000 	   	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Balance at December 20, 2013 (Successor)

  	  	100,000 	   	  	  	99,900,000 	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	
100,000,000 	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	
  	$ 	   	  
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Net loss

  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	(8,155,697 	)  	  	  	   	   	  	  	
(8,155,697 	)  	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Foreign currency translation adjustment

  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	(1,270 	)  	  	  	
(1,270 	)  	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

 Balance at December 31, 2013 (Successor)

  	$ 	100,000 	   	  	$ 	99,900,000 	   	  	$ 	(8,155,697 	)  	  	$ 	
(1,270 	)  	  	$ 	91,843,033 	   	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
 
F-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AP GAMING HOLDCO INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	   	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Period from December 21,
2013 through
December 31, 2013 	  	  	   	   	Period from January 1,
2013 through
December 20, 2013 	  	  	
 
Year Ended December 31,
 
  	   	  	   	  	2012 	  	  	2011 	 

 Cash flows from operating activities

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

 Net loss

   	$ 	(8,155,697 	)  	  	  	   	$ 	(42,548,969 	)  	  	$ 	(40,210,985 	)  	
  	$ 	(7,612,442 	) 

 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by
 operating activities:

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

     Depreciation and amortization

   	  	929,451 	   	  	  	   	  	28,966,892 	   	  	  	29,454,038 	   	  	  	
23,643,662 	  

     Accretion of contract rights under development agreements and customer
     agreements

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	3,856,135 	   	  	  	3,932,851 	   	  	  	
4,296,329 	  

     Amortization of deferred loan costs and discount

   	  	35,398 	   	  	  	   	  	2,453,799 	   	  	  	1,620,562 	   	  	  	
796,962 	  

     Provision for bad debts

   	  	9,088 	   	  	  	   	  	265,720 	   	  	  	265,273 	   	  	  	
320,656 	  

     Payment in kind for interest on development loans

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(543,316 	)  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

     Interest income from imputed interest

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(101,813 	)  	  	  	(331,006 	)  	  	  	
(367,160 	) 

     Loss on sale of capital assets

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	394,645 	   	  	  	450,858 	   	  	  	175,626 	
  

     Impairment of long lived assets

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	3,364,090 	   	  	  	2,711,412 	   	  	  	
803,506 	  

     Impairment of intangible assets

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	1,720,864 	   	  	  	3,686,414 	   	  	  	   	
  

     Impairment of goodwill

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	   	   	  	  	18,678,970 	   	  	  	   	  

     Phantom unit plan compensation

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	542,514 	   	  	  	653,596 	   	  	  	929,140 	
  

     Payment on phantom unit plan

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(2,102,899 	)  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

     Loss on debt retirement

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	14,661,127 	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

     Write off of deferred loan costs

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	   	   	  	  	3,013,886 	   	  	  	2,249,436 	
  

     Deferred income tax

   	  	54,447 	   	  	  	   	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

     Non-cash contract rights under development agreements

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(175,476 	)  	  	  	(108,243 	)  	  	  	
(1,168,293 	) 

 Changes in assets and liabilities that relate to operations

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

     Decrease in restricted cash

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	100,000 	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

     (Increase) decrease in trade accounts receivable and notes receivable

   	  	(1,220,441 	)  	  	  	   	  	898,730 	   	  	  	338,699 	   	  	  	
1,709,788 	  

     Decrease (increase) in inventories, net

   	  	348,274 	   	  	  	   	  	1,137,688 	   	  	  	(2,725,779 	)  	  	  	
862,961 	  

     (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses

   	  	(60,242 	)  	  	  	   	  	(572,345 	)  	  	  	(203,594 	)  	  	  	
131,684 	  

     (Increase) decrease in deposits and other

   	  	(247,121 	)  	  	  	   	  	(1,089,692 	)  	  	  	(955,298 	)  	  	  	
(764,763 	) 

     Decrease (increase) in other assets, non-current

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	335,384 	   	  	  	(718,133 	)  	  	  	
(951,890 	) 

     (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities

   	  	(766,509 	)  	  	  	   	  	1,831,398 	   	  	  	(2,787,046 	)  	  	  	
(2,937,772 	) 

     Increase (decrease) in due to related party

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(66,436 	)  	  	  	66,436 	   	  	  	   	  

     Increase (decrease) in accrued interest

   	  	447,611 	   	  	  	   	  	(2,016,597 	)  	  	  	2,016,597 	   	  	  	
   	  

     Decrease in customer deposits on gaming machine leases

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(421,565 	)  	  	  	   	   	  	  	(170,000 	
) 
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

   	  	(8,625,741 	)  	  	  	   	  	10,889,878 	   	  	  	18,849,508 	   	  	
  	21,947,430 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Cash flows from investing activities

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Cash paid for acquisition

   	  	(214,959,726 	)  	  	  	   	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

   Advances under notes receivable

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(1,460,165 	)  	  	  	(7,488,468 	)  	  	  	
(4,245,867 	) 

   Collections under notes receivable

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	4,366,596 	   	  	  	3,196,142 	   	  	  	
4,037,949 	  

   Increase in interest receivable

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(60,467 	)  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

   Increase in Canadian tax receivable

   	  	(26,401 	)  	  	  	   	  	(854,911 	)  	  	  	(958,832 	)  	  	  	
(2,427,184 	) 

   Payments received for Canadian tax refund

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	   	   	  	  	1,180,856 	   	  	  	   	  

   Purchases of intangible assets

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(4,363,754 	)  	  	  	(22,927,268 	)  	  	  	
(6,870,097 	) 

   Software development and other

   	  	(81,287 	)  	  	  	   	  	(4,582,934 	)  	  	  	(3,834,392 	)  	  	  	
(2,483,132 	) 

   Proceeds from sale of assets

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	215,425 	   	  	  	141,427 	   	  	  	116,636 	
  

   Purchases of gaming equipment, vehicles and other equipment

   	  	(1,234,379 	)  	  	  	   	  	(22,154,075 	)  	  	  	(21,085,605 	)  	
  	  	(14,333,803 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Net cash used in investing activities

   	  	(216,301,793 	)  	  	  	   	  	(28,894,285 	)  	  	  	(51,776,140 	
)  	  	  	(26,205,498 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Cash flows from financing activities

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Member contributions

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	144,065,986 	   	  	  	50,687,518 	   	  	  	
13,787,695 	  

   Payments under notes payable

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(448,122 	)  	  	  	(600,680 	)  	  	  	
(230,738 	) 

   Borrowings under bank credit facility

   	  	150,350,000 	   	  	  	   	  	7,500,000 	   	  	  	117,300,000 	   	
  	  	3,800,000 	  

   Repayments on bank credit facility

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(130,000,000 	)  	  	  	(130,625,738 	)  	  	  	
(7,529,169 	) 

   Payment on early retirement of debt

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  	(6,452,638 	)  	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

   Proceeds from issuance of common stock

   	  	100,000,000 	   	  	  	   	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

   Payment of deferred loan costs

   	  	(6,901,799 	)  	  	  	   	  	(341,965 	)  	  	  	(7,954,726 	)  	  	
  	(2,589,110 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Net cash provided by financing activities

   	  	243,448,201 	   	  	  	   	  	14,323,261 	   	  	  	28,806,374 	   	
  	  	7,238,678 	  

   Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents

   	  	(49,856 	)  	  	  	   	  	406,777 	   	  	  	(121,069 	)  	  	  	
(322,146 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

   	  	18,470,811 	   	  	  	   	  	(3,274,369 	)  	  	  	(4,241,327 	)  	  	
  	2,658,464 	  

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

   	  	3,270,913 	   	  	  	   	  	6,545,282 	   	  	  	10,786,609 	   	  	
  	8,128,145 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

   	$ 	21,741,724 	   	  	  	   	$ 	3,270,913 	   	  	$ 	6,545,282 	   	  	
$ 	10,786,609 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Supplemental cash flow informationCash paid during the period for
 interest

   	$ 	   	   	  	  	   	$ 	15,111,181 	   	  	$ 	6,632,508 	   	  	$ 	
5,020,088 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 
  	 	 	

 Non-cash investing and financing activities:

   	 	 	 	  	  	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Issuance of seller notes in connection with the Acquisition

   	$ 	5,531,000 	   	  	  	   	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	  

   Capital expenditures funded by settlement of customer receivable

   	$ 	   	   	  	  	   	$ 	844,035 	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	  

   Lease incentive intangible related to discounted notes receivable

   	$ 	   	   	  	  	   	$ 	132,336 	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	  

   Extinguishment of related party debt

   	$ 	   	   	  	  	   	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	(10,000,000 	)  	  	$ 	   	  

   Financed purchase of equipment

   	$ 	   	   	  	  	   	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	1,279,540 	  

   Acquisition of purchased software in accrued liabilities

   	$ 	   	   	  	  	   	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	1,750,000 	  

   Capital expenditures in accrued liabilities

   	$ 	   	   	  	  	   	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	882,806 	  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
 
F-6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AP GAMING HOLDCO INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS

Organization

AP Gaming Holdco Inc. (the Company, AP Gaming, we, us, or our) is 
a leading designer and manufacturer of Class II gaming machines for the 
Native American gaming market with an emerging presence in a broad range of 
commercial markets in the United States. As of December 31, 2013, the 
Company had 8,563 gaming machines in 184 gaming facilities in 19 U.S. 
states, with 154 gaming facilities under revenue sharing agreements and 30 
facilities under daily fixed fee agreements. The majority of our systems 
are used by Native American gaming operators in both Class II and Class III 
environments, with a recent expansion into the Illinois video gaming 
terminal, or VGT, market. Our products include electronic gaming machines, 
server-based systems and back-office systems that are used by casinos and 
other gaming locations.


The Acquisition

On September 16, 2013, AGS Holdings, LLC (AGS Holdings), AGS Capital, LLC 
(AGS Capital) and AP Gaming Acquisition, LLC (AP Gaming Acquisition), 
an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and an affiliate of 
Apollo Global Management, LLC (Apollo), entered into an Equity Purchase 
Agreement (as subsequently amended and restated on December 3, 2013, the 
Acquisition Agreement). The Acquisition Agreement provided for the 
purchase of 100% of the equity of AGS Capital from AGS Holdings, LLC (the 
Acquisition) by AP Gaming Acquisition for an aggregate purchase price of 
approximately $220.5 million. The Acquisition was consummated on December 
20, 2013, (the Closing Date).

The Acquisition was financed in part by the Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities (as defined herein), which are comprised of the $155 million 
Term Facility and the $25 million Revolving Facility (each, as defined 
herein). AP Gaming I, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AP 
Gaming, is the borrower of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, which are 
guaranteed by AP Gaming Holdings, LLC (AP Gaming Holdings), AP Gaming I, 
LLCs direct parent company, and each of AP Gaming I, LLCs direct and 
indirect material wholly owned domestic subsidiaries including AGS Capital. 
Additionally, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 
par value to Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. The total cost to acquire all the 
outstanding shares was $100,000,000. The source of the funds for the 
acquisition of the Company was provided by committed equity capital 
contributed by certain equity funds managed by Apollo.


Background

AGS Capital, LLC was formed in Delaware on September 8, 2005 with the 
following owned subsidiaries, AGS LLC (AGS), AGS Partners, LLC 
(Partners), AGS Illinois LLLP (AGS IL) and American Gaming Systems 
Toronto, Ltd., f/k/a GTNA Solutions Corp. (collectively, AGS Toronto). 
Prior to the Acquisition, AGS Capital was a subsidiary of AGS Holdings, LLC 
which is a subsidiary of Alpine AGS, LLC. Although formed on September 8, 
2005, AGS Capital had no activity until September 20, 2005, the date AGS 
Capitals wholly owned subsidiary, AGS LLC, acquired assets of Clapper 
Enterprises, Inc. and Worldwide Game Technology Corp. Partners was formed 
on June 22, 2006, and on June 29, 2006, Partners acquired certain assets of 
Aurora Gaming, Inc., Integrity Gaming, Inc. and Integrity Gaming Nevada, 
LLC (Integrity). BOL Finance, LLC (BOL) was formed by AGS Capital on 
August 8, 2008, to finance distributors operating in Louisiana. It was 
capitalized through a note payable to the AGS Capital. AGS Toronto was 
formed on July 11, 2008, and capitalized through debt and equity 
contributions from AGS Capital. AGS Toronto acquired certain assets of 
Gametronics, Inc. and Phone-Sweeps, Inc. on November 10, 2008. BOL was 
dissolved during 2011.


NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of presentation

References to Successor refer to the Company on or after December 21, 
2013. References to Predecessor refer to the Predecessor prior to 
December 21, 2013. The accompanying consolidated statements of operations, 
changes in stockholders equity/members deficit and cash flows for the 
year ended December 31, 2013 are presented for two periods: January 1, 2013 
through December 20, 2013 (the Predecessor Period) and December 21, 2013 
through December 31, 2013 (the Successor Period). The Predecessor Period 
reflects the historical accounting basis in the Predecessors assets and 
liabilities, while the Successor Period reflects assets and liabilities at 
fair value by allocating the Companys enterprise value to its assets and 
liabilities pursuant to accounting guidance related to business 
combinations.
 
F-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the Company and 
its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions 
have been eliminated in consolidation.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements for AGS Capital include 
AGS Capital, its wholly owned subsidiaries, AGS, Partners, BOL and GTNA. 
All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated 
in consolidation.


Variable interest entities

A legal entity is referred to as a variable interest entity if, by design 
(1) the total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the 
legal entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated 
financial support from other parties, or (2) the entity has equity 
investors that cannot make significant decisions about the entitys 
operations through voting rights, or do not have the obligation to absorb 
the expected losses, or do not have the right to receive the residual 
returns of the entity. Variable interest entities for which the Company is 
the primary beneficiary are consolidated.

In accordance with the guidance for the consolidation of variable interest 
entities, the Company analyzes our variable interests, to determine if an 
entity in which we have a variable interest is a variable interest entity 
and whether we must consolidate that variable interest entity. Our analysis 
includes both quantitative and qualitative reviews.

On November 19, 2013, AGS Capital created a wholly owned subsidiary, AP 
Gaming NV, LLC (AP Gaming NV) to address Nevada gaming regulatory 
requirements on a temporary basis. At the acquisition date, AGS Capital 
sold all of the equity interest in AP Gaming NV to an officer of the 
Company. The Company holds management positions with AP Gaming NV and 
directs the operations of AP Gaming NV. As a result, the Company determined 
that AP Gaming NV is a Variable Interest Entity and the Company is the 
primary beneficiary. The Company therefore has consolidated AP Gaming NV in 
the Successor Period.

As of December 31, 2013, the AP Gaming NV had assets of $0.2 million, 
primarily consisting of gaming machines and licenses, which were included 
in the consolidated results. In the Successor Period, AP Gaming NV incurred 
approximately $2,000 of expense which were included in the accompanying 
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

The Company has a call option to repurchase the equity of AP Gaming NV. The 
Company intends to exercise its call option and repurchase the equity of AP 
Gaming NV upon receipt of all regulatory approvals.


Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States requires the Company to 
make decisions based upon estimates, assumptions, and factors considered 
relevant to the circumstances. Such decisions include the selection of 
applicable accounting principles and the use of judgment in their 
application, the results of which impact reported amounts and disclosures. 
Changes in future economic conditions or other business circumstances may 
affect the outcomes of the estimates and assumptions. Accordingly, actual 
results could differ materially from those anticipated.


Revenue Recognition

The majority of the Companys gaming revenue is of a recurring nature and 
is generated by providing customers with gaming terminals, gaming terminal 
content licenses and back-office equipment, which are collectively referred 
to as gaming equipment, under participation arrangements. Under these 
arrangements, the Company retains ownership of the gaming equipment 
installed at customer facilities, and receives either revenue based on a 
percentage of the win per day generated by the gaming equipment or a daily 
fee. Certain arrangements require a portion of the facilities win per day 
to be set aside to be used to fund facility-specific marketing, 
advertising, promotions and service. These amounts are offset against 
revenue. Licensing revenue generated from the use of the Companys software 
is recognized when earned and reported.

Revenues from the stand-alone product sales or separate accounting units 
are recorded when:
 
  	 	  	Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
 
  	 	  	The sales price is fixed and determinable;
 
  	 	  	Delivery has occurred and services have been rendered; and
 
  	 	  	Collectability is probable.
 
F-8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Company believes that the sale of its machines, and installation, 
training, service and removal thereof do not meet all the criteria in 
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 605-25-25-5. The Company believes 
the criteria in paragraph 5(a) is met because its customers buy gaming 
machines of similar functionality and configuration from other suppliers in 
the Companys industry, while the Company believes the criteria in 
paragraph 5(c) is not met because it does not offer a general right of 
return and installation and training is performed typically or within a day 
of the delivery of the machine to the customer. The majority of the 
Companys lease agreements includes a requirement for the Company to 
service games should failures occur. The cost related to the servicing of 
these machines is expensed as incurred and is not significant compared to 
the total revenue generated from the lease contract. Further, the Company 
does not offer the servicing of machines (i.e., extended warranties) as a 
separate deliverable to customers as a matter of practice.


Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and equivalents consist primarily of deposits held at major banks and 
other marketable securities with original maturities of 90 days or less.


Restricted Cash

Restricted cash amounts represent funds held in escrow as collateral for 
the Companys surety bonds for various gaming authorities.


Notes Receivable and Development Agreements

The Company enters into development agreements to provide financing for new 
tribal gaming facilities, or for the expansion of existing facilities. The 
agreements generally come in two forms. The first is in the form of a loan. 
Interest income is recognized on the repayment of the notes based on the 
stated rate or, if not stated explicitly in the development agreement, on 
an imputed interest rate. If the stated interest rate is deemed to be other 
than a market rate or zero, a discount is recorded on the note receivable 
as a result of the difference between the stated and market rate and a 
corresponding intangible is recorded. The intangible is recognized in the 
financial statements as a contract right under development agreement and 
amortized as a reduction in revenue over the term of the agreement. The 
second is in the form of an advance that is not expected to be repaid. 
These advances are accounted for as customer rights and amortized over the 
term of the agreement as a reduction in revenue. In both scenarios, the 
customer commits to a fixed number of gaming terminal placements in the 
facility, and the Company receives a fixed percentage of those gaming 
terminals win per day over the term of the agreement or a daily fee per 
gaming terminal. Certain agreements contain performance standards for the 
gaming terminals that could allow the facility to reduce a portion of the 
guaranteed floor space. In the event a portion of the guaranteed floor 
space is reduced, the Company would recognize an impairment of the 
associated intangible. Interest income related to notes receivable is 
recorded as interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and 
Comprehensive Loss.

Generally, the Company utilizes the term of a contract to amortize the 
intangible assets associated with development agreements. The Company 
reviews the carrying value of these contract rights at least annually, or 
whenever changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these 
assets may not be recoverable. While management believes that the estimates 
and assumptions used in evaluating the carrying value of these assets are 
reasonable, different assumptions could materially affect either the 
carrying value or the estimated useful lives of the contract rights.

The Company assesses the impairment of notes whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate the carry value may not be realized. Impairment is 
measured based on the present value of the expected future cashflows and is 
recorded as bad debt expense in the period of assessment. Pursuant to the 
Acquisition Agreement, notes receivable were retained by AGS Holdings on 
the Closing Date. For the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 
31, 2012 and 2011, the Predecessor recorded an impairment of notes of 
approximately $0.1 million, $0 and $0, respectively.


Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts related to the 
accounts receivable and notes receivable that have been deemed to have a 
high risk of collectability. The Company reviews the accounts receivable 
and notes receivable on a monthly basis to determine if any receivables 
will potentially be uncollectible. The Company analyzes historical 
collection trends and changes in the customers payment patterns, customer 
concentration, and credit worthiness when evaluating the adequacy of the 
allowance for doubtful accounts. A large percentage of receivables are with 
Native American tribes that have their reservations and gaming operations 
in the state of Oklahoma, and the Company has concentrations of credit risk 
with several tribes. The Company includes any receivable balances that are 
determined to be uncollectible in the overall allowance for doubtful 
accounts. Changes in the assumptions or estimates reflecting the 
collectability of certain accounts could materially affect the allowance 
for both trade and notes receivable.
 
F-9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The activity related to the allowance for trade accounts receivable for the 
periods below are as follows:
 
  	   	Successor 	 
  	   	Allowance for Accounts Receivables 	 
  	   	Period from December 21, 2013 through December 31, 2013 	 
  	   	Beginning
Balance 	  	   	Charge-offs 	  	  	Recoveries 	  	   	Provision 	  	  	
Ending
Balance 	 

 Accounts receivable, current

   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	9,088 	   	  	$ 	
9,088 	  
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Allowance for Accounts Receivables 	 
  	   	Period from January 1, 2013 through December 20, 2013 	 
  	   	Beginning
Balance 	  	   	Charge-offs 	  	  	Recoveries 	  	   	Provision 	  	  	
Ending
Balance 	 

 Accounts receivable, current

   	$ 	490,738 	   	   	$ 	(80,403 	)  	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	139,105 	   	
  	$ 	549,440 	  
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Allowance for Accounts Receivables 	 
  	   	Year ended December 31, 2012 	 
  	   	Beginning
Balance 	  	   	Charge-offs 	  	  	Recoveries 	  	   	Provision 	  	  	
Ending
Balance 	 

 Accounts receivable, current

   	$ 	1,703,977 	   	   	$ 	(1,031,738 	)  	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	
(181,501 	)  	  	$ 	490,738 	  
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Allowance for Accounts Receivables 	 
  	   	Year ended December 31, 2011 	 
  	   	Beginning
Balance 	  	   	Charge-offs 	  	  	Recoveries 	  	   	Provision 	  	  	
Ending
Balance 	 

 Accounts receivable, current

   	$ 	1,383,321 	   	   	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	320,656 	   	  	
$ 	1,703,977 	  


Inventories

Inventories consist primarily of parts and supplies that are used to repair 
and maintain machinery and equipment. Inventories are stated at the lower 
of cost or market. Cost of inventories is determined using the first-in, 
first-out (FIFO) method for all components of inventory. The Company 
regularly reviews inventory quantities and update estimates for the net 
realizable value of inventories. This process includes examining the 
carrying values of parts and ancillary equipment in comparison to the 
current fair market values for such equipment (less costs to sell or 
dispose). Some of the factors involved in this analysis include the overall 
levels of the inventories, the current and projected sales levels for such 
products, the projected markets for such products and the costs required to 
sell the products, including refurbishment costs. Changes in the 
assumptions or estimates could materially affect the inventory carrying 
value.


Gaming Equipment, Vehicles and Other Equipment

The cost of gaming equipment, consisting of fixed-base player terminals, 
file servers and other support equipment as well as vehicles and other 
equipment, is depreciated over their estimated useful lives, generally 
using the straight-line method for financial reporting. Repairs and 
maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. The Company annually evaluates 
the estimated lives used to depreciate assets. The estimated useful lives 
are as follows:
 
Gaming equipment deployed 	   	3 to 5 years
Vehicles and other equipment 	   	3 to 7 years

The Company measures recoverability of assets to be held and used by 
comparing the carrying amount of an asset to future cash flows expected to 
be generated by the asset. The Companys policy is to impair, when 
necessary, excess or obsolete gaming terminals on hand that it does not 
expect to be used. Impairment is based upon several factors, including 
estimated forecast of gaming terminal demand for placement into casinos. 
While the Company believes that the estimates and assumptions used in 
evaluating the carrying amount of these assets are reasonable, different 
assumptions could affect either the carrying amount or the estimated useful 
lives of the assets, which could have a significant impact on the results 
of operations and financial condition. The Predecessor recognized an 
impairment charge for obsolete gaming terminals since the carrying amount 
was greater than fair value of approximately $3.4 million, $2.7 million and 
$0.8 million, for the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 31, 
2012 and 2011, respectively.
 
F-10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Intangible Assets

The Company reviews its identifiable intangible assets for impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying 
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are recognized 
for identifiable intangibles, other than goodwill, when indicators of 
impairment are present and the estimated undiscounted cash flows are not 
sufficient to recover the assets carrying amount.

The brand name intangible asset has an indefinite useful life. We do not 
amortize the brand name intangible, but instead test for possible 
impairment at least annually or when circumstances warrant. We perform a 
qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the 
fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. If we believe, as 
a result of our qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not 
that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount, the 
quantitative impairment test is required.

The Company groups its definite-lived intangible assets at the lowest level 
for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows 
of other assets and liabilities. The Company groups its identifiable 
intangible assets and reviews them for impairment according to the 
groupings below:
 
  	 	  	Contract rights under development agreements  these intangibles 
relate to the discounts on development note receivables loans that have 
been extended to customers at interest rates that are deemed below market 
in exchange for a fixed number of gaming terminal placements in the 
customers facility. The Company receives a fixed percentage of those 
gaming terminals win per day over the term of the agreement or a daily fee 
per gaming terminal. Contract rights under development agreements are 
amortized over the term of the agreement as a reduction in revenue. The 
Companys impairment analysis incorporates reviewing the future expected 
revenues and cash flows under the respective contracts in comparison to the 
underlying net book value of the associated intangible;
 
  	 	  	Customer agreements  these intangibles represent either the cash 
advances to customers that are not expected to be repaid in exchange for a 
fixed number of gaming terminal placements in the customers facility or 
the value that has been assigned to the customer agreements as a result of 
the Acquisition. The Company receives a fixed percentage of those gaming 
terminals win per day over the term of the agreement or a daily fee per 
gaming terminal. Customer agreements are amortized either over the term of 
the agreement or the expected life of the customer agreement as a reduction 
in revenue. The Companys impairment analysis incorporates the reviewing 
future expected revenues and cash flows with these related customer under 
the respective contracts in comparison to the underlying net book value of 
the associated intangible;
 
  	 	  	Third-party licenses  these intangibles represent the rights to 
license third party gaming titles that the Company has purchased for use in 
its gaming terminals. Third-party licenses are amortized to operating 
expense over the shorter of the term of the license or the expected life of 
the titles, whichever is shorter. The Companys impairment analysis 
incorporates the future expected revenues and cash flows of the title or 
gaming titles in comparison to their underlying net book value of the 
associated intangible;
 
  	 	  	Internally developed gaming software  these intangibles represent 
software development costs that are capitalized once technological 
feasibility has been established and are amortized when the software is 
placed into service. Any subsequent software maintenance costs, such as bug 
fixes and subsequent testing, are expensed as incurred. Discontinued 
software development costs are expensed when the determination to 
discontinue is made. Software developments costs are amortized over the 
expected life of the title or group of titles, if applicable, to 
amortization expense.
 
  	 	  	Purchased software  these intangibles represent the license to 
operate the ticket-in-ticket-out (TITO) technology associated with many 
of the Companys gaming terminals. These costs are amortized over the 
expected life of the underlying gaming terminal. These TITO intangible 
assets are included with a gaming terminal and are not transferrable to 
other gaming terminals once placed into service; therefore, the Companys 
impairment analysis is incorporated with the Companys review for 
impairment of the underlying gaming terminal. The Company evaluates the 
future revenues and cash flows associated with the underlying gaming 
terminal in comparison to the underlying net book value of the gaming 
terminal and associated TITO intangible asset.
 
F-11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Company reviews its definite-lived intangible assets for impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying 
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Examples of such events or 
changes in circumstances include the following:
 
  	 	  	Contract rights under development agreements and customer 
agreements (1) other than temporary decrease in revenue and cash flows 
associated with a particular customer (2) reduction in amount of gaming 
terminal placements in the customers facility;
 
  	 	  	Third-party licenses  other than temporary decreases in revenue 
and cash flows associated with a gaming title or group of gaming titles;
 
  	 	  	Purchase software  other than temporary decreases in revenue and 
associated cash flow associated with a specific gaming terminal.

Impairment is reviewed at a minimum once a quarter. When the estimated 
undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the intangible 
assets carrying amount, an impairment loss is measured to the extent the 
fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. The Predecessor 
recognized an impairment charge of approximately $1.7 million, $3.7 million 
and $0 for the Predecessor Period and the years end December 31, 2012 and 
2011, respectively.


Costs of Computer Software

Internally developed gaming software represents the Companys internal 
costs to develop gaming titles to utilize on the Companys gaming 
terminals. Internally developed gaming software is accounted for under FASB 
ASC Topic 985-20, Costs of Software to Be Sold, Leased or Marketed, and is 
stated at cost, which is amortized over the estimated useful lives of the 
software, generally using the straight-line method. Software development 
costs are capitalized once technological feasibility has been established 
and are amortized when the software is placed into service. Any subsequent 
software maintenance costs, such as bug fixes and subsequent testing, are 
expensed as incurred. Discontinued software development costs are expensed 
when the determination to discontinue is made. Software developments costs 
are amortized over the expected life of the title or group of titles, if 
applicable, to amortization expense.

On a quarterly basis, or more frequently if circumstances warrant, the 
Company compares the net book value of its internally developed computer 
software to the net realizable value on a title or group of title basis. 
The net realizable value is determined based upon certain assumptions, 
including the expected future revenues and net cash flows of the gaming 
titles or group of gaming titles utilizing that software, if applicable. 
For the year ended December 31, 2012, the Predecessor recognized an 
impairment charge of approximately $0.8 million for internally developed 
costs that related to a licensing agreement held by AGS Toronto, which the 
Company terminated in March 2013. These assets had no future value and were 
written off accordingly.


Goodwill

The excess of the purchase price of entities that are considered to be 
purchases of businesses over the estimated fair value of the assets 
acquired and the liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. The Company 
is required to perform an annual goodwill impairment review, and depending 
upon the results of that measurement, the recorded goodwill may be written 
down and charged to income from operations when its carrying amount exceeds 
its estimated fair value. Goodwill is reviewed for possible impairment 
annually on September 30 of each year or more frequently whenever events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be 
recoverable, such as a significant adverse change in legal factors or in 
the business climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, 
unanticipated competition, or a loss of key personnel. For the year ended 
December 31, 2012, the Predecessor recorded an impairment charge of 
approximately $18.7 million which amounted to the entire balance of 
goodwill. The impairment was primarily a result of actual results not 
meeting our long-term operating plan.

In connection with the acquisition of 100% of the equity in AGS Capital on 
December 20, 2013, the Company recorded approximately $60.4 million of 
goodwill as part of purchase accounting (see Note 3).


Deferred Loan Costs

Deferred loan costs consist of various debt issuance costs and are being 
amortized on the effective-interest method over the life of the related 
loans. The Company recognized amortization expense related to loan costs of 
approximately $21,000 for the Successor Period, which was included in 
interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations 
and comprehensive loss. The Predecessor recognized amortization expense 
related to loan costs of approximately $1.2 million, $1.6 million and $0.8 
million for the Predecessor Period and for the years ended December 31, 
2012 and 2011, respectively, in interest expense in the accompanying 
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.
 
F-12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Acquisition Accounting

We follow acquisition accounting for all acquisitions that meet the 
business combination definition. Acquisition accounting requires us to 
measure the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any 
noncontrolling interest at the acquisition-date fair value. While we use 
our best estimates and assumptions as part of the purchase price allocation 
process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the 
acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to 
refinement.


Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company applies the provisions of FASB Topic 820, Fair Value 
Measurements (Topic 820) to its financial assets and liabilities. Fair 
value is defined as a market-based measurement intended to estimate the 
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date under current market conditions. Topic 820 also 
established a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize 
the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. These inputs are 
categorized as follows:?
 
  	 	  	Level 1 - quoted prices in an active market for identical assets 
or liabilities;
 
  	 	  	Level 2 - quoted prices in an active market for similar assets or 
liabilities, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for 
similar assets or liabilities, inputs derived principally from or 
corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means; and
 
  	 	  	Level 3 - valuation methodology with unobservable inputs that are 
significant to the fair value measurement.

The carrying values of the Companys cash and cash equivalents, restricted 
cash, receivables and accounts payable approximate fair value because of 
the short term maturities of these instruments. The carrying value of the 
Companys debt at December 31, 2013 is consistent with fair value due to 
the variable interest rates in place.


Customer Deposits on Gaming Machine Leases

Total deposits from third-party distributors as deposits on gaming machine 
leases totaled $0 and approximately $0.4 million at December 31, 2013 and 
December 31, 2012, respectively.


Accounting for Income Taxes

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax 
consequences attributable to differences between financial statement 
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective 
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted 
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those 
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect 
of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is 
recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Future 
tax benefits are recognized to the extent that realization of those 
benefits is considered more likely than not, and a valuation allowance is 
established for deferred tax assets which do not meet this threshold.


Research and Development

The Company conducts research and development activities primarily to 
develop new gaming platforms and gaming content. These research and 
development costs consist primarily of salaries and benefits and are 
expensed as incurred. Once the technological feasibility of a project has 
been established, capitalization of development costs begins until the 
product is available for general release. Research and development expenses 
were approximately $28,000, $1.9 million, $2.1 million and $1.8 million for 
the Successor Period, the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 
31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and is included as a component of general 
and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of 
operations and comprehensive loss.


Contingencies

The Company assesses its exposures to loss contingencies including claims 
and legal proceedings and accrues a liability if a potential loss is 
considered probable and the amount can be estimated. Significant judgment 
is required in both the determination of probability and the determination 
as to whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. Because of uncertainties 
related to these matters, if the actual loss from a contingency differs 
from managements estimate, there could be a material impact on the results 
of operations or financial position. Operating expenses, including legal 
fees, associated with contingencies are expensed when incurred.
 
F-13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Concentrations of Credit Risk

Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to 
concentration of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and cash 
equivalents, trade receivables and note receivable. Cash equivalents are 
investment-grade, short-term debt instruments consisting of treasury bills 
which are maintained with high credit quality financial institutions under 
repurchase agreements. Cash and cash equivalents are in excess of Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insurance limits.

The Companys gaming revenue customers are concentrated in the Class II 
gaming and casino industry and are located primarily in Oklahoma. Certain 
Native American tribes or their gaming enterprise and certain commercial 
locations comprise a significant component of the Companys total gaming 
revenue or trade receivables. However, the Company also conducts business 
through distributor relationships, some of which act as a collection agent. 
The following gaming revenue and trade receivable concentrations existed at 
December 31, 2013 and 2012:
 
  	   	2013 	  	  	2012 	 

 Gaming revenue

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	

 Customer A

   	  	34 	%  	  	  	35 	% 

 Customer B

   	  	11 	%  	  	  	9 	% 

 Trade receivable

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	

 Customer A

   	  	10 	%  	  	  	   	% 

 Customer B

   	  	9 	%  	  	  	10 	% 

 Customer C

   	  	3 	%  	  	  	7 	% 

 Customer D

   	  	   	%  	  	  	1 	% 

 Customer E

   	  	   	%  	  	  	1 	% 

 Customer F

   	  	   	%  	  	  	2 	% 

 Customer G

   	  	   	%  	  	  	8 	% 

 Customer H

   	  	2 	%  	  	  	7 	% 


Supplier Dependence

The Companys gaming equipment operates primarily on software developed by 
Bluberi Gaming Technologies, Inc. (formerly Labtronix Group Inc.) 
(Bluberi). Bluberi provides PC boards for the Companys manufactured 
gaming machines featuring Bluberi software content, as well as server 
hardware for each customer location with gaming machines operating on 
Bluberi software. Up until May 2012, the Predecessor paid Bluberi a 
licensing fee equal to 20% of revenue earned related to games placed in 
casinos which operate with Bluberi software content, which gives the 
Company the rights to operate select game titles and related PC boards and 
server hardware. On January 9, 2012, the Predecessor entered into a 
definitive agreement with Bluberi to purchase all of Bluberis right, title 
and interest in certain game titles (see note 7). The Gametronics 
acquisition in 2008 enables the Company to develop software if Bluberi were 
unable to fulfill its duties under this arrangement. Although the Company 
believes that it could locate a substitute software developer, any such 
replacement would involve some delay and the Company may not be able to 
maintain operation of its terminals without significant interruption. Any 
failure of the Company to maintain operation of its gaming terminals could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and 
financial condition.


Foreign Currency Translation

The financial statements of the Companys Canadian subsidiary are 
translated into U.S. dollars at the year-end rate of exchange for asset and 
liability accounts and the average rate of exchange for income statement 
accounts. The effects of these translations are recorded as a component of 
other accumulated comprehensive (loss) income in stockholders 
equity/members deficit.


Advertising Costs

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs for the 
Successor Period, the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 31, 
2012 and 2011 were approximately $2,000, $0.2 million, $0.3 million and 
$0.4 million, respectively.


Reclassifications

Certain reclassifications have been made, within general and administrative 
expenses, to prior year amounts in order to conform with current year 
presentation. Including, approximately $0.9 million and $1.1 million for 
the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, reclassed to 
research and development expenses. This reclassification had no effect on 
previously reported general and administrative expense, operating loss or 
net loss.
 
F-14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In July 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an 
accounting standards update that amends the presentation requirements of an 
unrecognized tax benefit when a loss or other carryforward exists. The 
update would require the netting of unrecognized tax benefits against a 
deferred tax asset for a loss or other carryforward that would apply in 
settlement of the uncertain tax positions. The effective date for this 
update is for the annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 
2013. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, of adopting 
this statement on its consolidated financial statements.

In July 2012, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) issued 
Accounting Standards Update 2012-02, IntangiblesGoodwill and Other (Topic 
350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment, (ASU 
2012-02). ASU 2012-02 amends the guidance in ASC 350-302 on testing 
indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, for impairment by 
allowing an entity to perform a qualitative impairment assessment before 
proceeding to the two-step impairment test. If the entity determines, on 
the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the 
indefinite-lived intangible asset is not more likely than not (i.e., a 
likelihood of more than 50 percent) impaired, the entity would not need to 
calculate the fair value of the asset. In addition, ASU 2012-02 does not 
amend the requirement to test these assets for impairment between annual 
tests if there is a change in events or circumstances; however, it does 
revise the examples of events and circumstances that an entity should 
consider in interim periods. ASU 2012-02 is effective for annual and 
interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after 
September 15, 2012, with early adoption being permitted. The adoption of 
this standard did not have a material effect on the Companys financial 
position or results of operations.


NOTE 3. PURCHASE ACCOUNTING IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACQUISITION

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, on 
September 16, 2013, the Company acquired, through a wholly owned 
subsidiary, 100% of the equity in AGS Capital from AGS Holdings. The 
Acquisition was consummated on December 20, 2013.

The Acquisition was financed in part by the Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities, which are comprised of the $155 million Term Facility and the 
$25 million Revolving Facility (each, as defined herein). AP Gaming I, LLC, 
an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AP Gaming, is the borrower of the 
Senior Secured Credit Facilities, which are guaranteed by AP Gaming 
Holdings, LLC (AP Gaming Holdings), AP Gaming I, LLCs direct parent 
company, and each of AP Gaming I, LLCs direct and indirect material wholly 
owned domestic subsidiaries including AGS Capital. Additionally, the 
Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 par value to 
Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. The total cost to acquire all the outstanding 
shares was $100,000,000. The source of the funds for the acquisition of the 
Company was provided by committed equity capital contributed by certain 
equity funds managed by Apollo.

The contractual purchase price of $220.3 million, a seller note of $2.2 
million, the settlement of $3.3 million in contingent consideration 
resulting in an additional seller note of $3.3 million issued in January 
2014, and a working capital reduction of $5.3 million, resulted in an 
aggregate purchase price of $220.5 million. The contingent consideration of 
$3.3 million was based on certain financial performance metrics that were 
achieved during signing and closing.

The following summarizes the consideration paid for the Acquisition of AGS 
Capital:
 

 Contractual Cash Purchase Price

   	$ 	220,300,000 	  

 Seller notes

   	  	5,531,000 	  

 Working Capital Adjustment

   	  	(5,340,274 	) 
   	

 

 

 

 Total Consideration

   	$ 	220,490,726 	  
   	

 

 

 

In the Successor Period the Company incurred approximately $7.5 million in 
costs related to the Acquisition, which were included in write downs and 
other charges on the consolidated statements of operations and 
comprehensive loss.

The Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the 
acquisition method of accounting, whereby the purchase price was allocated 
to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based 
on their estimated fair market values. Fair value measurements have been 
applied based on assumptions that market participants would use in the 
pricing of the assets or liabilities. The significant items for which a 
final fair value has not been determined as of the filing of this Annual 
Report of Form 10-K include the working capital adjustment and intangible 
assets.
 
F-15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
A preliminary allocation of the purchase price has been made to major 
categories of assets and liabilities based on managements estimates. The 
allocation of the purchase price to the estimated fair values of the assets 
acquired and the liabilities assumed was as follows:
 

At December 20, 2013

   	  	 

 Currents assets

   	$ 	17,858,154 	  

 Gaming equipment, vehicles and other equipment, net

   	  	48,746,877 	  

 Goodwill

   	  	60,383,930 	  

 Intangible assets

   	  	98,987,631 	  

 Other long-term assets

   	  	1,616,322 	  
   	

 

 

 

 Total assets

   	  	227,592,914 	  

 Total liabilities

   	  	7,102,188 	  
   	

 

 

 

 Total equity purchase price

   	$ 	220,490,726 	  
   	

 

 

 

Our preliminary estimates of the fair values of depreciable tangible assets 
are as follows:
 
  	   	Fair values at December 20,
2013 	  	   	Average remaining useful life
(in years)

 Gaming equipment, vehicles and other

   	$ 	48,746,877 	   	   	1 - 5

Our preliminary estimates of the fair values of identifiable intangible 
assets are as follows:
 
  	   	Fair values at December 20,
2013 	  	   	Average remaining useful life
(in years)

 Trade name - American Gaming Systems

   	$ 	12,126,000 	   	   	Indefinite

 Trade name - Gamblers Choice

   	  	809,000 	   	   	7

 Contract rights under development agreements, customer relationships and
 agreements

   	  	60,112,000 	   	   	7

 Third party licenses

   	  	11,520,000 	   	   	3 - 5

 Internally developed gaming software

   	  	12,348,000 	   	   	1 - 5

 Purchased software

   	  	2,072,631 	   	   	1 - 5
   	

 

 

  	   	
   	$ 	98,987,631 	   	   	
   	

 

 

  	   	

The estimated fair value of acquired gaming equipment, vehicles and other, 
was determined using cost approaches in which we determined an estimated 
reproduction or replacement cost, as applicable.

The estimated fair values of acquired finite- and indefinite-lived trade 
names, third party licenses and internally developed gaming software was 
determined using the based on the relief from royalty method under the 
income approach, which is a risk-adjusted discounted cash flow approach. 
The relief from royalty method values an intangible asset by estimating the 
royalties saved through ownership of the asset. The relief from royalty 
method requires identifying the future revenue that would be impacted by 
the trade name, multiplying it by a royalty rate deemed to be avoided 
through ownership of the asset and discounting the projected royalty 
savings amounts back to the acquisition date. The royalty rate used in such 
valuation was based on a consideration of market rates for similar 
categories of assets. The indefinite-lived trade name relates to American 
Gaming Systems and the finite-lived trade name relates to Gamblers 
Choice.

The estimated fair value of the acquired customer relationships was 
determined using the excess earnings method, which is a risk-adjusted 
discounted cash flow approach that determines the value of an intangible 
asset as the present value of the cash flows attributable to such asset 
after excluding the proportion of the cash flows that are attributable to 
other assets. The contribution to the cash flows that are made by other 
assets - such as fixed assets, working capital, workforce and other 
intangible assets, including trade names and internally developed gaming 
software and third party licenses - was estimated through contributory 
asset capital charges. The value of the acquired customer relationship 
asset is the present value of the attributed post-tax cash flows, net of 
the post-tax return on fair value attributed to the other assets.

As a result of the Acquisition, we recorded approximately $60.4 million of 
goodwill at December 21, 2013, which is deductible for tax purposes, 
primarily attributed to enhanced financial scale, opportunities for 
synergies and opportunities with other Apollo related companies and other 
strategic benefits. Some of the values and amounts used in the initial 
application of purchase accounting for our consolidated balance sheet were 
based on estimates and assumptions.
 
F-16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following table presents the unaudited pro forma results as if the 
Acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2012:
 
  	   	Year ended December 31, 	 
  	   	2013 	  	  	2012 	 

 Revenues

   	$ 	58,382,896 	   	  	$ 	58,555,107 	  

 Loss from operations

   	  	(5,549,212 	)  	  	  	(36,034,480 	) 

 Net loss

   	  	(21,596,140 	)  	  	  	(66,678,088 	) 

 Basic and diluted loss per share common share

   	  	(2.16 	)  	  	  	(6.67 	) 


NOTE 4. NOTES RECEIVABLE

Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, notes receivables on the Closing 
Date were retained by AGS Holdings.

At December 31, 2012, notes receivable consisted of the following:
 
  	   	Predecessor 	 

 Note A

   	$ 	671,032 	  

 Note B

   	  	1,059,907 	  

 Note C

   	  	8,932,000 	  

 Note D

   	  	1,049,869 	  

 Other, net

   	  	729,307 	  
   	

 

 

 

   Total notes receivable, net

   	  	12,442,115 	  

 Less: Current portion

   	  	(2,394,149 	) 
   	

 

 

 

   Notes receivablelong term

   	$ 	10,047,966 	  
   	

 

 

 


Note A

On June 14, 2007, the Predecessor committed to a significant, existing 
tribal customer to provide approximately $18.8 million for part of the 
funding for a facility expansion. In return, the Predecessor received the 
right to approximately 10% of the additional 4,000 gaming units expected to 
be placed in the expanded facility. The agreement allows the customer to 
buy out the Predecessors right to floor space after the note has been 
repaid. The Predecessor advanced its total commitment of approximately 
$18.8 million in 2007. On September 4, 2008, the agreement was amended to 
reduce the development funding from approximately $18.8 million to $9.4 
million in return for a reduction in the number of gaming units to be 
placed in the facility, from 10% of total expected units to 5%. The 
Predecessor paid approximately $0.2 million to modify the agreement and was 
repaid approximately $9.4 million in 2008. In addition, the Predecessor 
recorded approximately $0.5 million loss in 2008 on restructuring of the 
note receivable that was due primarily from the difference in value between 
the unamortized intangible asset and the unearned discount for the 
receivable at the time that the agreement was restructured. The amended 
development agreement specifies that the note receivable will be repaid out 
of net profits, as defined in the agreement, in excess of $9.0 million per 
month. As the collections on the note are received and the expected timing 
of the payments is re-evaluated, the imputed interest rate earned is 
evaluated and may change. Based upon the trend of collections to date and 
expected future collection, the imputed interest rate approximates 20.6% at 
December 31, 2012. The Predecessor recorded approximately $46,000, $0.2 
million and $0.3 million of imputed interest during the Predecessor Period 
and the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. As of 
December 31, 2012, the balance of the note receivable has been reduced by 
an unamortized discount of approximately $46,000.


Note B

On September 20, 2010, the Predecessor entered into a development agreement 
and committed approximately $1.5 million to an existing tribal customer to 
provide part of the funding for the development and construction of a 
gaming facility in Oklahoma. In return, the Predecessor received the right 
to approximately 20% of the new square footage of all Available Gaming 
Floor Space in the Project, as defined, provided that in no event the 
Predecessor will have no more or less than 50 gaming units for a period of 
six years and eleven months subject to certain performance criteria, as 
defined. The agreement allows the customer to buy out the Predecessors 
right to floor space after the note has been repaid. The amended 
development agreement specifies that the note receivable will be repaid out 
of the Net Profits, as defined in the agreement, in excess of $0.5 million 
per month. As the collections on the note are received and the expected 
timing of the payments is re-evaluated, the imputed interest rate earned is 
evaluated and may change.

Based upon the trend of collections to date and expected future collection, 
the imputed interest rate approximates 4.5%. The Predecessor recorded 
approximately $38,000, $73,000 and $17,000 of imputed interest during the 
Predecessor Period and the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, 
respectively. As of December 31, 2012, the balance of the note receivable 
has been reduced by an unamortized discount of approximately $50,000.
 
F-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note C

On December 15, 2010 and further amended on November 17, 2011 and December 
8, 2011, the Predecessor entered into an agreement to loan funds not to 
exceed approximately $2.3 million with a company that intends to operate 
and service slot routes in Illinois. As of December 31, 2011, the 
Predecessor has fully funded the loan under this agreement. Full funding of 
the loan was predicated on the route operator acquiring the rights to place 
VGTs at a minimum of 135 locations pursuant to Use Agreements, as defined. 
On March 6, 2012, the Predecessor executed an Amended and Restated Loan 
Agreement (Restated Loan) with the holder of Note C. The Restated Loan 
provides for a Route Acquisition Tranche of approximately $4.7 million and 
an operational tranche of approximately $0.8 million. The Restated Loan was 
amended July 25, 2012 to increase the operational tranche to approximately 
$1.0 million. On October 25, 2012 the Predecessor assumed a loan agreement 
of approximately $1.9 million from a related party. On December 20, 2012, 
the Predecessor extended a second operational tranche for approximately 
$1.4 million and as well as the Vault Promissory Note for approximately 
$0.5 million for funds to acquire certain route equipment. Interest was 
payable at a rate of 13% or 15% for various notes, on the outstanding 
balance until the note matures on dates ranging from March 9, 2016 to 
December 31, 2016. The Predecessor recognized interest income on percentage 
basis of live units to expected total deployments.

On February 1, 2013, the Predecessor signed an Intercreditor Agreement 
(Intercreditor) with a third party, allowing the route operator to obtain 
a maximum of $3 million in first lien financing from the third party. As a 
result of the Intercreditor, the Predecessors notes became subordinated 
and related interest payments were made in-kind until the first lien 
obligations were repaid.

On April 18, 2013, the Predecessor signed the First Amendment to the 
Intercreditor Agreement (First Amendment) with Fortress, which allowed 
the first lien financing to increase from $3 million to $6 million.

On November 22, 2013, the Predecessor received approximately $3.2 million 
as partial repayment of the outstanding loans and signed the Second Lien 
Credit Agreement related to the remaining approximately $7.7 million 
(including the $1.1 million related to Note D) owed by the route operator. 
Among other things, the Second Lien Loan was subordinate to the first lien 
financing and interest at 13% would be paid-in-kind until the first lien 
financing was repaid. In addition, all previously earned interest under the 
loans would be waived which amounted to approximately $1.0 million. As a 
result of the signing the Second Lien Credit Agreement, the Predecessor 
recorded an impairment of approximately $0.1 million.

On November 22, 2013, the Predecessor entered into a master lease agreement 
with the route operator which amended the previous lease agreements, by and 
among things, lowering the daily fee by $.50 a day, providing a free rent 
period from October 6, 2013 to February 28, 2014 and extending the lease 
term for the same amount of time as the free rent period. The Predecessor 
accounted for the new lease as an operating lease as collectability of 
future rents was uncertain given the economic concessions made in the 
master lease agreement. The waived interest, which the Company viewed as a 
lease inducement, along with the free rent period was accounted for in 
accordance with ASC 840-20.


Note D

On January 12, 2011 and March 10, 2011, the Predecessor loaned 
approximately $0.9 million and $0.2 million, respectively, in exchange for 
promissory notes to an entity. Interest on the notes accrues at a rate of 
5% until the date that routine gaming operations commence at which point 
the interest rate will increase to 10% and the entity will be required to 
commence 60 monthly principal and interest installments. All accrued and 
unpaid interest prior to the first payment of principal must be paid on 
this day as well. The Predecessor recognized interest income on percentage 
basis of live units to expected total deployments. The Predecessor retains 
a claim on the general assets of the entity as collateral.

On March 30, 2012, the holder of Note C entered into a management agreement 
with the holder of Note D to manage the routes acquired by the holder of 
Note D. As part of that agreement, the holder of Note C assumed the holder 
of Note Ds obligation to the Predecessor through the execution of a Loan 
Assumption and Release Agreement dated March 30, 2012.


Other Notes Receivable

Other notes receivable represent arrangements with other customers related 
to the Predecessors advances for the construction and development of 
casino expansions or the Predecessors financing of the sale of gaming 
machines to customers. Interest rates and maturities of the notes vary as 
do principal and interest payments.

The Predecessors notes receivable were reviewed monthly, at a minimum, for 
impairment. The Predecessor also reviewed a variety of other relevant 
qualitative information such as collection experience, economic conditions 
and specific customer financial conditions to evaluate credit risk in 
recording the allowance for notes receivable or as an indicator of an 
impaired loan. The Predecessor accrued interest, if applicable, on its 
notes receivables per the terms of the agreement. Interest
 
F-18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
was not accrued on past due notes receivable, or individual amounts that 
the Predecessor has determined and specifically identified as not 
collectible. The Company will resume accruing interest to the extent 
payments are being received and collectibility is determined to be highly 
probable.

The following tables detail our evaluation of notes receivable for 
impairment:
 
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Notes Receivable 	 
  	   	as of December 31, 2012 	 
  	   	Ending Balance 	  	   	Ending Balance Individually
Evaluated For Impairment 	  	   	Ending Balance Collectively
Evaluated For Impairment 	 

 Notes receivable, current

   	$ 	2,394,149 	   	   	$ 	1,488,050 	   	   	$ 	906,099 	  

 Notes receivable, non-current

   	  	10,494,740 	   	   	  	1,418,970 	   	   	  	9,075,770 	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

 Total

   	$ 	12,888,889 	   	   	$ 	2,907,020 	   	   	$ 	9,981,869 	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

The activity related to the allowance for notes receivable for the 
Predecessor Period is as follows:
 
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Allowance for Notes Receivables 	 
  	   	Period from January 1, 2013 through December 20, 2013 	 
  	   	Beginning
Balance 	  	   	Charge-offs 	  	  	Recoveries 	  	   	Provision 	  	   	
Ending
Balance 	  	   	Ending
Balance
Individually
Evaluated
For
Impairment 	  	   	Ending
Balance
Collectively
Evaluated
For
Impairment 	 

 Notes receivable, current

   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	
   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	  

 Notes receivable, non-current

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
   	  	446,774 	   	   	  	(419,046 	)  	  	  	   	   	   	  	126,615 	   	
   	  	154,343 	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 
   	$ 	446,774 	   	   	$ 	(419,046 	)  	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	126,615 	   	
   	$ 	154,343 	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

The activity related to the allowance for notes receivable for the year 
ended December 31, 2012 is as follows:
 
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Allowance for Notes Receivables 	 
  	   	Year Ended December 31, 2012 	 
  	   	Beginning
Balance 	  	   	Charge-offs 	  	  	Recoveries 	  	   	Provision 	  	   	
Ending
Balance 	  	   	Ending
Balance
Individually
Evaluated
For
Impairment 	  	   	Ending
Balance
Collectively
Evaluated
For
Impairment 	 

 Notes receivable, current

   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	
   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	  

 Notes receivable, non-current

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
   	  	8,876,202 	   	   	  	(8,876,202 	)  	  	  	   	   	   	  	446,774 	
   	   	  	446,774 	   	   	  	446,774 	   	   	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 
   	$ 	8,876,202 	   	   	$ 	(8,876,202 	)  	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	446,774 	
   	   	$ 	446,774 	   	   	$ 	446,774 	   	   	$ 	   	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 
 
F-19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The activity related to the allowance for notes receivable for the year 
ended December 31, 2011 is as follows:
 
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Allowance for Notes Receivables 	 
  	   	Year Ended December 31, 2011 	 
  	   	Beginning
Balance 	  	   	Charge-offs 	  	   	Recoveries 	  	   	Provision 	  	   	
Ending
Balance 	  	   	Ending
Balance
Individually
Evaluated
For
Impairment 	  	   	Ending
Balance
Collectively
Evaluated
For
Impairment 	 

 Notes receivable, current

   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	
   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	  

 Notes receivable, non-current

   	  	8,876,202 	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	
8,876,202 	   	   	  	8,876,202 	   	   	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 
   	$ 	8,876,202 	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	
$ 	8,876,202 	   	   	$ 	8,876,202 	   	   	$ 	   	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

The following summarizes the aging of past due note receivables as of 
December 31, 2012:
 
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	1 to 90
Days
Past Due 	  	   	91 to 180
Days
Past Due 	  	   	181+ Days
Days Past
Due 	  	   	Total Past
Due 	  	   	Current 	  	   	Total
Receivable 	  	   	Recorded
Investment in
Receivables
on Nonaccrual
Status 	  	   	Recorded
Investment
90 Days
and
Accruing 	 

 Notes receivable

   	$ 	17,754 	   	   	$ 	14,423 	   	   	$ 	423,762 	   	   	$ 	455,939 	  
 	   	$ 	12,432,950 	   	   	$ 	12,888,889 	   	   	$ 	455,938 	   	   	$ 	
   	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

The aging of note receivable balances are based on their contractually 
agreed upon payment terms.

Impairment is recognized when, based on current information and events, it 
is probable that the Predecessor will be unable to collect all amounts due 
according to the contractual terms of a note arrangement. During the year 
ended December 31, 2012, recognized an impairment charge on notes 
receivable and a related allowance of approximately $0.4 million.

The impaired loan balance as of December 31, 2012 was as follows:
 
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	  	  	   	Unpaid 	  	   	  	  	  	Average 	  	   	Interest 	 
  	   	Recorded 	  	   	Principal 	  	   	Related 	  	  	Recorded 	  	   	
Income 	 
  	   	Investment 	  	   	Balance 	  	   	Allowance 	  	  	Investment 	  	  
 	Recognized 	 

 With allowance recorded:

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	   	 	 	

 Notes receivables

   	$ 	443,085 	   	   	$ 	443,085 	   	   	$ 	(443,085 	)  	  	$ 	439,150 	
   	   	$ 	29,235 	  

 Without allowance recorded:

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	   	 	 	

 Notes receivable

   	  	   	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	   	  	   	
  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 
   	$ 	443,085 	   	   	$ 	443,085 	   	   	$ 	(443,085 	)  	  	$ 	439,150 	
   	   	$ 	29,235 	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 


NOTE 5. CONTRACT RIGHTS UNDER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENTS AND CUSTOMER 
AGREEMENTS

The Company enters into development agreements and placement fee agreements 
with certain customers to secure floor space under lease agreements for its 
gaming machines. Amounts paid in connection with the development agreements 
are repaid to the Company in accordance with the terms of the agreement, 
whereas placements fees are not reimbursed. Placement fees can be in the 
form of cash paid upfront or free lease periods and are accreted over the 
life of the contract and the expense is recorded as a reduction of revenue. 
For the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, 
approximately $3.9 million, $3.9 million and $4.3 million, respectively, 
were recorded as a reduction of revenue as accretion of contract rights 
under development agreements and customer agreements. In connection with 
the Acquisition the contract rights under development agreements and 
customer agreements were recorded at net fair value as part of purchase 
accounting (see Note 7). In accordance with ASC 605-15, as it relates to a 
business combination, the amortization of the net fair value of the 
contract rights under development agreements and customer agreements will 
be recorded in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated 
statements of operations and comprehensive loss.
 
F-20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 6. GAMING EQUIPMENT, VEHICLES AND OTHER EQUIPMENT

Gaming equipment, vehicles and other equipment consist of the following:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	   	December 31, 	  	  	December 31, 	 
  	   	2013 	  	  	2012 	 

 Gaming equipment

   	$ 	44,211,537 	   	  	$ 	 77,559,874 	  

 Vehicles and other equipment

   	  	5,769,898 	   	  	  	12,988,667 	  

   Less: Accumulated depreciation

   	  	(476,504 	)  	  	  	(50,281,178 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Total gaming equipment, vehicles and other equipment, net

   	$ 	49,504,931 	   	  	$ 	40,267,363 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

The above amounts as of December 31, 2013, include net fair value 
adjustments recorded as part of purchase accounting that increased the 
aggregate carrying value of property and equipment as of the Closing Date 
(see Note 3).

Gaming equipment, vehicles and other equipment are depreciated over the 
respective useful lives of the assets ranging from three to seven years. 
Depreciation expense was approximately $0.5 million for the Successor 
period. Depreciation expense was approximately $16.0 million, $14.4 million 
and $12.4 million for the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 
31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.


Immaterial Error Correction

In anticipation of purchase accounting related to the Acquisition, the 
Company undertook a thorough review of their underlying accounting records 
for gaming equipment, vehicles and other equipment, and determined certain 
long-lived assets had not been sufficiently depreciated in prior periods. 
Based on the analysis performed, it was determined that $0.6 million of 
depreciation expense should have been recorded in the years prior to 2013. 
We have performed an evaluation to determine if the financial statement 
impacts resulting from this error in accounting were material, considering 
both quantitative and qualitative factors. Based on this materiality 
analysis, we concluded that correcting the cumulative error would be 
immaterial to the current year financial statements and a correction of the 
error would not have a material impact to any individual prior period 
financial statements. Accordingly, we have recorded the entire cumulative 
depreciation expense in the amount of $0.6 million in depreciation and 
amortization expense in the consolidated statement of operations and 
comprehensive loss for the Predecessor Period.

The impact this depreciation expense would have on the prior periods 
presented is approximately $0.3 million and $0.2 million for the years 
ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and $0.1 million for the 
periods prior to 2011, which are not presented in these consolidated 
financial statements.
 
F-21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 7. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLES

Changes in the carrying amount of Goodwill are as follows:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	December 31, 2013 	  	   	December 31, 2012 	 
  	   	Gross
Carrying
amount 	  	   	Accumulated
Impairment 	  	   	Net Carrying
Value 	  	   	Gross
Carrying
amount 	  	   	Accumulated
Impairment 	  	   	Net Carrying
Value 	 

 Goodwill

   	$ 	60,383,930 	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	60,383,930 	   	   	$ 	   	  
 	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	  

Intangible assets consist of the following:
 
  	  	  	  	  	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	  	  	  	  	December 31, 2013 	  	  	December 31, 2012 	 
  	  	Useful life
(years) 	  	  	Gross
Value 	  	  	Accumulated
Amortization 	  	  	Net Carrying
Value 	  	  	Gross
Value 	  	  	Accumulated
Amortization 	  	  	Net Carrying
Value 	 

 Trade name - American Gaming Systems

  	  	Indefinite 	   	  	$ 	12,126,000 	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	
12,126,000 	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	   	  	$ 	   	  

 Trade name - Gamblers Choice

  	  	7 	   	  	  	809,000 	   	  	  	(3,417 	)  	  	  	805,583 	   	  	  	
   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

 Contract rights under development agreements, customer relationships and
 agreements

  	  	7 	   	  	  	60,112,000 	   	  	  	(253,929 	)  	  	  	59,858,071 	   	
  	  	62,248,550 	   	  	  	(49,686,428 	)  	  	  	12,562,122 	  

 Covenants not to compete

  	  	3 	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	   	   	  	  	525,745 	   	
  	  	(524,692 	)  	  	  	1,053 	  

 Third party licenses

  	  	3 - 5 	   	  	  	11,520,000 	   	  	  	(69,986 	)  	  	  	11,450,014 	
   	  	  	28,818,500 	   	  	  	(7,818,902 	)  	  	  	20,999,598 	  

 Internally developed gaming software

  	  	1 - 5 	   	  	  	12,474,169 	   	  	  	(108,001 	)  	  	  	
12,366,168 	   	  	  	18,547,767 	   	  	  	(14,640,132 	)  	  	  	
3,907,635 	  

 Purchased software

  	  	1 - 5 	   	  	  	2,076,288 	   	  	  	(17,745 	)  	  	  	2,058,543 	  
 	  	  	9,658,842 	   	  	  	(7,485,229 	)  	  	  	2,173,613 	  
  	 	 	 	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 
  	 	 	 	  	$ 	99,117,457 	   	  	$ 	(453,078 	)  	  	$ 	98,664,379 	   	  	
$ 	119,799,404 	   	  	$ 	(80,155,383 	)  	  	$ 	39,644,021 	  
  	 	 	 	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

The above amounts as of December 31, 2013, include net fair value 
adjustments recorded as part of purchase accounting that increased the 
aggregate carrying value of intangible assets and resulted in the 
recognition of approximately $60.4 million in goodwill as of the Closing 
Date (see Note 3).

Upon the application of purchase accounting, on the Closing Date, the 
Company recognized approximately $12.1 million in an indefinite life trade 
name related to the American Gaming Systems trade name and approximately 
$0.8 million in a trade name related to the Gamblers Choice trade name 
with a useful life of 7 years.

On January 9, 2012, the Predecessor entered into a definitive agreement 
(the Definitive Agreement) with Bluberi Gaming Technologies, Inc. 
(Bluberi) pursuant to which the Predecessor agreed to terminate its 
existing distribution agreement with Bluberi (the Existing Distribution 
Agreement) and to purchase all of Bluberis right, title and interest in 
certain game titles covered by the Existing Distribution Agreement (the 
Bluberi Transaction). In connection therewith, the Predecessor agreed to 
pay approximately $22.8 million to Bluberi and to enter into a five-year 
service agreement with Bluberi for which the Predecessor would pay Bluberi 
a approximately $2.0 million servicing fee paid ratably over the term of 
the service agreement and a one-time approximately $1.0 million 
performance-based bonus. According to the Definitive Agreement, 
approximately $3.5 million was due to Bluberi upon execution of the 
Definitive Agreement and approximately $19.3 million (the Balance) was 
due no later than February 28, 2012 subject to certain restrictions as 
defined. At the Predecessors option, payment of the approximately $19.3 
million could be extended one month by paying approximately $2.5 million 
(the First Option Payment) no later than February 28, 2012 and could be 
extended an additional month by paying approximately $2.5 million (the 
Second Option Payment) no later than March 31, 2012 with both payments 
applying to the Balance. On March 27, 2012, an addendum to the Definitive 
Agreement was executed which eliminated the Second Option Payment and 
replaced it with payments of approximately $0.5 million due March 30, 2012, 
April 6, 2012, April 13, 2012, April 20, 2012 and April 27, 2012. On May 
11, 2012, the Predecessor made its final payment in accordance with the 
Definitive Agreement and its addendum using proceeds from the capital 
contribution (see Note 11).

On April 2, 2012, the Predecessor entered into a Letter of Intent to 
purchase the assets of a video lottery terminal business for a total cash 
consideration of approximately $5.0 million dollars. Approximately $1.8 
million of the purchase price would be
 
F-22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
paid upon the execution of an asset purchase agreement and approximately 
$3.0 million would be paid at closing. On April 5, 2012, the Predecessor 
paid a approximately $0.2 million (the Lock-up Fee) to secure a 60-day 
exclusivity period, to perform due diligence related to the acquisition. 
The Predecessor also received a license for a game title as consideration 
for the Lock-up Fee. The payment of the Lock-up Fee is included as part of 
purchased software on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
On May 31, 2012, the Predecessor terminated its Letter of Intent for the 
acquisition and received a license for an additional game title.

On July 13, 2012, the Predecessor entered into a contract rights under 
development agreement with a new tribal customer for the right to place 64 
Class II games in exchange for a single up-front payment of approximately 
$0.6 million. The amount will be amortized over the life of the agreement.

On October 31, 2011, the Predecessor entered into a license agreement with 
GameTech International, Inc., a supplier of video gaming products. Under 
the terms of the agreement, AGS will have the exclusive right to market, 
sell, lease or sublicense five GameTech game titles in licensed 
establishments across the Illinois territory as defined in the Illinois 
Video Gaming Act. As consideration for these titles, AGS paid GameTech a 
non-refundable royalty fee of $1 million on November 9, 2011. In addition 
to the five titles, AGS will have the option to purchase more titles for a 
one-time royalty fee of approximately $0.2 million per title. This 
agreement will continue in perpetuity unless properly terminated by one or 
more of the parties involved pursuant to the terms of the agreement.

On January 24, 2011, the Predecessor extended its revenue sharing agreement 
with a key customer. Under the agreement the Predecessor paid approximately 
$2.8 million for and in consideration of extending the term of the 
agreement through May 1, 2016. In addition to the amount paid to the key 
customer, the Predecessor also paid an outside consultant approximately 
$0.6 million toward obtaining the extension on the existing revenue sharing 
agreement.

On January 1, 2011, the Predecessor modified three separate revenue sharing 
arrangements with a customer and consolidated them into a Joint Amendment 
to Agreements (Joint Amendment). Under the Joint Amendment, the 
Predecessor will pay the customer up to approximately $1.3 million and 
extend the term under the Joint Amendment to December 31, 2014. As of 
December 31, 2011, the Predecessor had paid approximately $1.2 million to 
the customer under the Joint Amendment.

Intangibles are amortized over the respective useful lives of the assets 
ranging from one to seven years. The weighted average useful life for our 
definite-lived intangible assets was 4.5 years as of December 31, 2013. 
Amortization expense related to intangibles, inclusive of accretion of 
contract rights under development agreements and customer agreements, was 
approximately $0.5 million, $16.8 million, $19.0 million and $15.6 million 
for the Successor Period, the Predecessor Period and the years ended 
December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Included in amortization expense 
is amortization of internally developed software in the amounts of 
approximately $0.1 million, $3.2 million, $3.5 million and $2.9 million for 
the Successor Period, the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 
31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

Amortization expense related to contract rights under development 
agreements and customer agreements, or accretion of contract rights under 
development agreements and customer agreements, is netted against gaming 
revenue in the accompanying statements of operation and other comprehensive 
loss.

The estimated amortization expense on software development, purchased 
software and intangible assets, inclusive of accretion of contract rights 
under development agreements and customer agreements, for each of the next 
five years and thereafter is as follows:
 

Years ended December 31,

   	  	 

 2014

   	$ 	15,328,028 	  

 2015

   	  	15,211,386 	  

 2016

   	  	15,065,883 	  

 2017

   	  	12,002,752 	  

 2018

   	  	11,731,228 	  

 Thereafter

   	  	17,199,102 	  


NOTE 8. CANADIAN PAYROLL TAX RECEIVABLE

Certain Company expenditures incurred through its subsidiary AGS Toronto 
are eligible for the Ontario Interactive Digital Media Tax Credit 
(OIDMTC). The OIDMTC is a refundable payroll tax credit paid to 
corporations that develop interactive digital media products within 
Ontario. The OIDMTC is based upon the Ontario labor expenditures and 
eligible marketing and distribution expenditures claimed by a qualifying 
corporation with respect to eligible products. For a certified game 
developer, eligible expenses include Ontario salaries and wages. The 
developer must incur at least $1 million of Ontario labor expenses per year 
developing eligible interactive digital media games to qualify.
 
F-23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement the Canadian payroll tax receivable 
balance, on the Closing Date, was retained by AGS Holdings. The Company has 
recognized a Canadian Payroll Tax Receivable related to the OIDMTC of 
approximately $23,068 as of December 31, 2013. The Predecessor recognized a 
Canadian Payroll Tax Receivable related to the OIDMTC of $3.4 million as of 
December 31, 2012.


NOTE 9. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consist of the following:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	December 31, 2013 	  	   	December 31, 2012 	 

 Trade accounts payable

   	$ 	2,005,422 	   	   	$ 	512,100 	  

 Salary and payroll tax accrual

   	  	1,659,807 	   	   	  	1,277,822 	  

 Accrued commission

   	  	317,339 	   	   	  	212,803 	  

 Accrued other

   	  	2,264,160 	   	   	  	3,266,308 	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

   Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities

   	$ 	6,246,728 	   	   	$ 	5,269,033 	  
   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 


NOTE 10. LONG-TERM DEBT

Long-term debt consist of the following:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	   	December 31, 2013 	  	  	December 31, 2012 	 

 $155 million Term Facility, interest above LIBOR or base rate (9.25% at
 December 31, 2013), net of unamortized discount of $4.6 million

   	$ 	150,364,249 	   	  	$ 	   	  

 $25 million Revolving Facility, interest above LIBOR or base rate (9.25%
 at December 31, 2013)

   	  	   	   	  	  	   	  

 $115 million Initial Term Loan, interest above LIBOR or base rate (11.50%
 at December 31, 2012), net of unamortized discount of $4.7 million

   	  	   	   	  	  	110,203,176 	  

 $15 million Delayed Draw Term Loan, interest above LIBOR or base rate
 (11.50% at December 31, 2012)

   	  	   	   	  	  	7,500,000 	  

 Aristocrat long-term note payable

   	  	   	   	  	  	448,122 	  

 Notes payable

   	  	5,531,000 	   	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Total debt

   	  	155,895,249 	   	  	  	118,151,298 	  

 LessAmounts due within one year

   	  	(1,550,000 	)  	  	  	(382,972 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Long-term debt

   	$ 	154,345,249 	   	  	$ 	117,768,326 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 


Senior Secured Credit Facilities

Concurrent with the consummation of the Acquisition, on the Closing Date we 
entered into our senior secured credit facilities, which consist of a $155 
million term loan facility (the Term Facility) and a $25 million 
revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility and, together with the 
Term Loan Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities). AP Gaming I, 
LLC (the Borrower), a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of AP Gaming, is 
the borrower under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Citigroup 
Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. and Nomura Securities Internationa, Inc. acted as joint 
lead arrangers and joint bookrunners for the Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities.

The proceeds of the Term Facility were used by the Borrower, together with 
the proceeds of the equity contribution and other sources of funds, to pay 
the consideration for the Acquisition, to refinance the Companys existing 
credit facilities and to pay the costs and expenses of the Acquisition and 
other related transactions. The proceeds of the Revolving Facility will be 
used by the Borrower from time to time for general corporate purposes and 
other purposes agreed to with the lenders.

The Term Facility will mature on the seventh anniversary of the Closing 
Date, and the Revolving Facility will mature on the fifth anniversary of 
the Closing Date. The Term Facility requires scheduled quarterly payments 
in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 
term loans, with the balance due at maturity. Borrowings under the Senior
 
F-24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Secured Credit Facilities are expected to bear interest at a rate equal to, 
at the Borrowers option, either LIBOR or the base rate, subject to an 
interest rate floor plus an applicable margin rate. In addition, on a 
quarterly basis, the Borrower is required to pay each lender under the 
Revolving Facility a commitment fee in respect of any unused commitments 
thereunder at a rate of 0.50% per annum. As of December 31, 2013, no 
amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Facility.

The Senior Secured Credit Facilities are guaranteed by AP Gaming Holdings, 
the Borrowers material, wholly owned domestic subsidiaries (subject to 
certain exceptions) and AP Gaming NV, LLC, and are secured by a pledge by 
AP Gaming Holdings of the Borrowers equity interest directly held by AP 
Gaming Holdings and a pledge of substantially all of the existing and 
future property and assets of the Borrower and the subsidiary guarantors 
and AP Gaming NV, LLC, subject to certain exceptions. The Senior Secured 
Credit Facilities require that the Borrower maintain a maximum net first 
lien leverage ratio set at a maximum of 5.5 to 1 beginning with the first 
quarter ending June 30, 2014. The Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain 
limitations on additional indebtedness, guarantees, incurrence of liens, 
investments and distributions, as defined. The Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities also contain customary events of default included in similar 
financing transactions, including, among others, failure to make payments 
when due, default under other material indebtedness, breach of covenants, 
breach of representations and warranties, involuntary or voluntary 
bankruptcy, and material judgments. The Company was in compliance with the 
covenants of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities at December 31, 2013.

In connection with the Acquisition, the Company issued two promissory notes 
(the Seller Notes) to AGS Holdings, LLC, in the amounts of approximately 
$2.2 million and approximately $3.3 million, to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in the Acquisition Agreement. At December 31, 2013 notes payable 
related to the Seller Notes totaled approximately $5.5 million. The Seller 
Notes accrue interest on the unpaid principal balance at 8.5% per annum and 
shall be payable in United States dollars semi-annually in arrears on June 
30 and December 31 (and on the Maturity Date), commencing on June 30, 2014. 
Any interest accrued and payable on any interest payment date will be paid 
by capitalizing such interest and adding it to (and thereby increasing) the 
outstanding principal amount of this Seller Notes. All principal under the 
Seller Notes are due and payable on June 18, 2021 (the Maturity Date). 
The Company may prepay from time to time all or any portion of the 
outstanding principal balance due under the Seller Notes.

Aggregate contractual future principal payments (excluding the effects of 
repayments for excess cash flow) of long-term debt for the years following 
December 31, 2013, are as follows:
 
  	   	Successor 	 

Years ending December 31,

   	AP Gaming 	 

 2014

   	$ 	1,550,000 	  

 2015

   	  	1,550,000 	  

 2016

   	  	1,550,000 	  

 2017

   	  	1,550,000 	  

 2018

   	  	1,550,000 	  

   Thereafter

   	  	152,781,000 	  
   	

 

 

 

   Total scheduled maturities

   	  	160,531,000 	  

 Unamortized debt discount

   	  	(4,635,751 	) 
   	

 

 

 

   Total long-term debt

   	$ 	155,895,249 	  
   	

 

 

 


The Term Loans

On August 15, 2012, the Company entered into a $130 million senior secured 
credit agreement with UBS Securities, LLC (UBS). Under this credit 
agreement the Company borrowed $115 million as an Initial Term Loan and 
utilized the proceeds to repay all amounts outstanding under the May 14, 
2007 UBS credit agreement and fund operations. The agreement includes a $15 
million Delayed Draw Term Loan commitment, of which $7.5 million was freely 
available to the Company and drawn on October 25, 2012 with the remaining 
$7.5 million draw subject to certain criteria. The Initial Term Loan and 
the Delayed Draw Term Loans, collectively the Term Loans, accrue interest 
at LIBOR or base rate, at the borrowers election, subject to an interest 
rate floor plus an applicable margin rate. Aggregate principal amounts of 
the Term Loans are payable in quarterly installments equal to 1.25% of the 
outstanding balance beginning September 30, 2014 with the final installment 
payable at August 15, 2016. Concurrent with the consummation of the 
Acquisition, a portion of the net proceeds from the Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities was used to repay in full the amounts outstanding under the Term 
Loans, which totaled approximately $137.9 million in repaid principal, 
accrued and unpaid interest, breakage fees and the applicable prepayment 
penalty. During the Predecessor Period the Predecessor recognized a 
approximately $14.7 million loss on debt retirement which consists of a 
approximately $6.2 million prepayment penalty, a approximately $8.2 million 
write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts and a 
approximately $0.3 million payment for breakage fees.
 
F-25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
On May 14, 2007, the Predecessor entered into a $175 million senior secured 
credit agreement with UBS Securities, LLC (UBS). Under this credit 
agreement, the Predecessor borrowed $125 million under an Initial Term 
Loan. The Predecessor used the proceeds from this loan to repay the notes 
payable under a senior secured credit agreement with Morgan Stanley. 
Aggregate principal amounts of the Initial Term Loan was payable in 
quarterly installments of $0.3 million with the final installment payable 
at May 14, 2013, in an amount sufficient to repay the aggregate outstanding 
principal of the Initial Term Loan. In May 2012, the Predecessor repaid 
approximately $11.7 million of the Initial Term Loan in accordance with the 
Credit Agreement as it relates to the approximately $13.4 million equity 
cure utilized in May 2011. In addition, approximately $0.4 million of the 
annual Excess Cash Flow paid in May was applied to the loan. All amounts 
under this facility were repaid as a result of entering into the Initial 
Term Loan.

The Delayed Draw Term Loan commitment of up to $30 million provides the 
ability to finance development agreements. This commitment expired on May 
14, 2008. The aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Delayed Draw 
Term Loan was payable in quarterly installments equal to 1.0% of the 
aggregate original principal balance thereof, with the final installment 
payable at May 14, 2013. In May 2012, the Company repaid approximately $1.7 
million of the Delayed Draw Term Loan in accordance with the Credit 
Agreement as it relates to the approximately $13.4 million equity cure 
utilized in May 2011. In addition, approximately $67,000 of the annual 
Excess Cash Flow paid in May was applied to the loan. All amounts under 
this facility were repaid as a result of entering into the Initial Term 
Loan.

The Revolving Loan facility provided up to $20 million for working capital 
and other needs. The Revolving Loan was repaid in full in May 2012.

As of March 31, 2011, the Companys debt to EBITDA leverage ratio exceeded 
the maximum permissible ratio covenant. However, on May 24, 2011, the 
member of the Company exercised the equity cure right under the senior 
secured credit agreement by making an equity contribution to the Company of 
$13.4 million, which enabled the Company to maintain compliance with the 
debt to EBITDA leverage ratio covenant for the measurement dates in 2011. 
The Company utilized approximately $3.4 million of the equity contribution 
to pay down a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the senior 
secured credit facility. The debt associated with these payments was 
classified as current in the accompanying consolidated financial statements 
as of December 31, 2011. As of March 31, 2012, the Companys debt to EBITDA 
leverage ratio exceeded the maximum permissible ratio covenant. However, on 
May 11, 2012 and May 23, 2012, the member of the Company contributed a 
total of approximately $50.6 million to the Company, of which $9.9 million 
was designated as an equity cure under the senior secured credit agreement 
which enabled the Company to maintain compliance with the debt to EBITDA 
leverage ratio covenant. On May 14, 2012, the Company utilized $19.4 
million to pay the maturing amount on the Revolving Loan and on May 24, 
2012 utilized $13.4 million of the member contribution to pay a portion of 
the outstanding indebtedness under the senior secured credit facility.


NOTE 11. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Common Stock

The Company is authorized to issue up to 30,000,100 shares of its common 
stock, $0.01 par value per share, of which 10,000,000 shares were issued 
and outstanding to Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. as of December 31, 2013. 
After such issuance, the Company restructured their common stock into two 
classes: Common Stock and non-voting common stock. Upon receipt of all 
required governmental regulatory approvals, Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. 
will exchange its 10,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock for 
10,000,000 shares of the Companys non-voting common stock, and all of the 
Companys Common Stock will be issued to AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC. The holders 
of the Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote per Common Stock share on 
all matters to be voted on by the stockholders of the Company. The holders 
of the Common Stock shall have no economic rights or privileges, including 
rights in liquidation, and shall have no right to receive dividends or any 
other distributions. The holders of the 10,000,000 shares of non-voting 
common stock shall have no right to vote on any matter to be voted on by 
the stockholders of the Company. Each holder of the 10,000,000 shares of 
non-voting common stock shall be entitled to share equally, share for 
share, dividends declared, as well as any distributions to the 
stockholders and, in the event of the Companys liquidation, dissolution 
or winding up is entitled to share ratably in any remaining assets after 
payment of or provision for liabilities and the liquidation on Preferred 
Stock, if any.


Preferred Stock

The Company is authorized to issue up to 100,000 shares of preferred stock, 
$0.01 par value per share, of which none were issued as of December 31, 
2013. The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the 
issuance of all or any shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more classes 
or series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series, and to 
increase or decrease the number of shares of any such series (but not below 
the number of shares thereof then outstanding) and to fix for each such 
class or series such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, 
and such distinctive designations,
 
F-26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special 
rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as 
shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by a 
majority of the entire Board providing for the issuance of such class or 
series including, without limitation, the authority to provide that any 
such class or series may be (a) subject to redemption at such time or times 
and at such price or prices, (b) entitled to receive dividends (which may 
be cumulative or noncumulative) at such rates, on such conditions, and at 
such times, and payable in preference to, or in such relation to, the 
dividends payable on any other class or classes or any other series, (c) 
entitled to such rights upon the dissolution of, or upon any distribution 
of the assets of, the Company, or (d) convertible into, or exchangeable 
for, shares of any other class or classes of stock, or of any other series 
of the same or any other class or classes of stock, of the Company at such 
price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with such adjustments, all 
as may be stated in such resolution or resolutions. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the rights of each holder of the Preferred Stock shall be 
subject at all times to compliance with all gaming and other statutes, 
laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company and such holder at 
that time.


NOTE 12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

On June 1, 2009, the Predecessor sold 150 gaming machines and related 
gaming equipment to the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company, 
through a $0.7 million promissory note, which bears interest at a rate of 
8.5% per year, with all interest and principal payable upon maturity at 
June 1, 2011. Effective November 1, 2011, amounts outstanding under this 
obligation will be paid through the assigned proceeds from certain game 
positions currently placed in a Native American casino. Amounts due under 
this note receivable were $0 and approximately $0.6 million as of December 
31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement this 
note receivable, on the Closing Date, was retained by AGS Holdings.

During 2010, the Predecessor entered into a separate exclusive distributor 
agreement with Game Ingenuity (in which a related party is a principal) to 
place or sell games developed utilizing Game Ingenuity intellectual 
property into all markets where the Company is licensed or will be licensed 
within one year from the placement of the first game, or as otherwise 
mutually agreed between the parties. During the Predecessor Period the 
Company has incurred $0.2 million in expense as part of this agreement. The 
Company has not incurred any expense related to the agreement for the years 
ended December 31, 2012 and 2011.

During 2012 and 2011, the Predecessors member contributed capital totaling 
approximately $60.7 million and approximately $13.8 million respectively, 
to the Company. Approximately $50.7 million of the 2012 contributed capital 
was utilized to cure debt covenant violations, repay the current 
obligations of debt (See Note 10), finance the final payment of the 
Definitive Agreement and to provide working capital for the Company. 
Approximately $10.0 million of the 2012 contributed capital was a 
forgiveness of long-term debt to a related party that occurred in August 
2012 associated with the Company entering the Initial Term Loan. The entire 
2011 contributed capital was utilized to cure debt covenant violations and 
provide working capital for the Company (See Note 10)

For the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, 
the Predecessor paid Alpine Management Services, III LLC approximately $0.3 
million, $0.2 million and $0, respectively, for consulting services.

On October 25, 2012 the Predecessor assumed a note receivable which was 
held by Alpine AGS, LLC in the amount of approximately $1.9 million, as 
further described in Note 4 for note receivable C. Pursuant to the 
Acquisition Agreement this note receivable, on the Closing Date, was 
retained by AGS Holdings.


NOTE 13. WRITE DOWNS AND OTHER CHARGES

The consolidated statements of operation and comprehensive loss include 
various non-routine transactions or related party consulting fees. For the 
Successor Period the Company recognized approximately $7.5 million in 
write-downs and other charges for fees related to the Acquisition. For the 
Predecessor Period the Predecessor recognized approximately $4.4 million in 
write downs and other charges that primarily consisted of approximately 
$3.9 million in fees related to the Acquisition and approximately $0.3 
million for consulting fees paid to a related party. For the year ended 
December 31, 2012, the Company had approximately $3.7 million in write 
downs and other charges that consisted of approximately $3.5 million of 
costs related to the write off of debt issue costs related to the 2007 UBS 
debt agreement and other costs incurred in conjunction with an unsuccessful 
financing transaction as well as approximately $0.2 million for consulting 
fees paid to a related party. For the year ended December 31, 2011, the 
Company had approximately $2.2 million of costs related to a failed debt 
offering.


NOTE 14. BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE

The Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with 
accounting guidance that requires presentation of both basic and diluted 
earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS 
is computed by dividing net
 
F-27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of shares 
outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net 
income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of common 
shares outstanding during the period, increased by potentially dilutive 
common shares that were outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS excludes 
all potential dilutive shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. There were 
no dilutive securities as of December 31, 2013.


NOTE 15. BENEFIT PLANS

The Predecessor implemented the AGS Holdings Inc. Phantom Units Plan (the 
Plan) which was intended to reinforce and encourage the continued 
attention and dedication of certain Covered Executives (as defined) to 
their assigned duties to the Predecessor until a Change in Control (as 
defined) has occurred. Units of the Plan have been issued as a percentage 
and in terms of number of units within the Plan at a strike price of $56.0 
million and vest over a period of up to four years. The value of the units 
is determined as the product of the percentage held in the Plan and the 
summation of the enterprise value of the Company less the net debt of the 
Company less the strike price. The liability associated with the Plan will 
ultimately be settled for cash; therefore the Company will adjust the 
liability to its estimated fair value each reporting period through phantom 
unit compensation in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations 
and comprehensive loss. As of December 31, 2012, 905 phantom units were 
granted which represents 9.05% of the equity value of the Company that 
exceeds $56.0 million plus membership contributions as define by the Plan. 
During the Predecessor Period approximately $2.1 million was paid out under 
the terms of the plan.

The Company has established a 401(k) defined contribution plan (the Plan) 
for its employees. The Plan allows employees to contribute up to 15% of 
their pretax earnings, and the Company may match a percentage of the 
contributions on a discretionary basis. The expense associated with the 
Plan for the Successor Period, the Predecessor Period and the years ended 
December 31, 2012 and 2011 was approximately $7,000, $0.2 million, $0.2 
million and $0.1 million, respectively.


NOTE 16. INCOME TAXES

The provision for income tax (expense) benefit consisted of the following 
for the Successor Period:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Period from December 21,
2013 through December 31,
2013 	  	  	Period from January 1,
2013 through December 20,
2013 	  	   	Year Ended December 31, 	 
  	   	  	   	2012 	  	   	2011 	 

 Deferred:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	

   Federal

   	$ 	(49,914 	)  	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	  

   State

   	  	(4,533 	)  	  	  	   	   	   	  	   	   	   	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

     Income tax expense

   	$ 	(54,447 	)  	  	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	   	   	$ 	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

  	   	

 

 

 

The reconciliation of income tax at the federal statutory rate to the 
actual effective income tax rate is as follows:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Period from 	  	  	Period from 	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	   	December 21 	  	  	January 1, 2013 	  	  	Year ended 	  	  	Year 
ended 	 
  	   	through 	  	  	through December 20, 	  	  	December 31, 	  	  	
December 31, 	 
  	   	December 31, 2013 	  	  	2013 	  	  	2012 	  	  	2011 	 

 Federal statutory rate

   	  	34.0 	%  	  	  	35.0 	%  	  	  	35.0 	%  	  	  	35.0 	% 

 Non-taxable entities

   	  	   	%  	  	  	(32.7 	)%  	  	  	(34.5 	)%  	  	  	(44.5 	)% 

 Foreign rate differential

   	  	   	%  	  	  	0.5 	%  	  	  	(0.1 	)%  	  	  	2.3 	% 

 State income taxes, net of federal benefit

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   	  	3.1 	%  	  	  	   	%  	  	  	   	%  	  	  	   	% 

 Valuation Allowance

   	  	(37.8 	)%  	  	  	(2.8 	)%  	  	  	(0.4 	)%  	  	  	7.2 	% 
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 
   	  	(0.7 	)%  	  	  	   	%  	  	  	   	%  	  	  	   	% 
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 
 
F-28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The components of the net deferred tax liability consist of the following:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	   	December 31, 2013 	  	  	December 31, 2012 	 

 Deferred tax assets:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Current:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	

     Allowance for bad debt

   	$ 	3,370 	   	  	$ 	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Total current

   	  	3,370 	   	  	  	   	  

     Valuation allowance

   	  	(3,060 	)  	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Net current deferred tax asset

   	  	310 	   	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 
 

   Noncurrent:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	

     Transaction costs

   	  	2,764,664 	   	  	  	   	  

     Net operating loss carryforwards

   	  	494,808 	   	  	  	197,555 	  

     Property and equipment

   	  	   	   	  	  	31,369 	  

     Amortization expense (identifiable intangibles)

   	  	105,942 	   	  	  	356,972 	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Total noncurrent

   	  	3,365,414 	   	  	  	585,896 	  

     Valuation allowance

   	  	(3,054,765 	)  	  	  	(585,896 	) 
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Net noncurrent deferred tax asset

   	  	310,649 	   	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Deferred tax asset

   	  	310,959 	   	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 
 

 Deferred tax liabilities:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Current:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	

     Prepaid expenses

   	  	(273,581 	)  	  	  	   	  

     Other

   	  	(1,013 	)  	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Total current deferred tax liabilities

   	  	(274,594 	)  	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 
 

   Noncurrent:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	

     Depreciation expense

   	  	(36,365 	)  	  	  	   	  

     Amortization expense (indefinite life intangibles) - Federal

   	  	(49,914 	)  	  	  	   	  

     Amortization expense (indefinite life intangibles) - State

   	  	(4,533 	)  	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Total noncurrent deferred tax liability

   	  	(90,812 	)  	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Deferred tax liability

   	  	(365,406 	)  	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

 Net deferred tax liability

   	$ 	(54,447 	)  	  	$ 	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

The net deferred tax liability is classified in the consolidated balance 
sheets as follows:
 
  	   	Successor 	  	  	Predecessor 	 
  	   	December 31, 2013 	  	  	December 31, 2012 	 

 Deferred tax asset - noncurrent

   	$ 	219,837 	   	  	$ 	   	  

 Deferred tax liability - current

   	  	(274,284 	)  	  	  	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

   Net deferred tax liability

   	$ 	(54,447 	)  	  	$ 	   	  
   	

 

 

  	  	

 

 

 

In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether 
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax 
assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax 
assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the 
periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We consider 
the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future 
taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. We 
assess the realizability of deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis and 
have concluded that it is not more likely than not to recognize certain 
deferred tax assets. This assessment evaluated all positive and negative 
evidence in determining the need for a valuation allowance. As a result, a 
valuation allowance was recorded against deferred tax assets to the extent 
the Company determined they were not realizable.

Accounting standards for accounting for uncertain tax positions require 
that tax positions be assessed using a two-step process. A tax position is 
recognized if it meets a more likely than not threshold, and is measured 
at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being 
realized. Uncertain tax positions must be reviewed at each balance sheet 
date. It is the policy of the Company to recognize penalties and interest 
related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. As 
of December 31, 2013, we have not recorded a reserve for uncertain tax 
positions or penalties and interest nor do we anticipate a significant 
change to the reserve for uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months.

We file federal and state income tax returns in the United States (U.S.) 
that are subject to examination by the IRS. Our initial federal and state 
income tax returns will be filed for the Successor Period as of December 
31, 2013. At December 31, 2013, the Company had net operating loss 
carryforwards of approximately $1.3 million for federal income tax purposes 
that expire beginning in 2033. The Company has net operating loss 
carryforwards of approximately $1.1 million for the state income tax 
purposes that expire beginning in 2018.
 
F-29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 17. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Leases

The Company leases administrative and warehouse facilities and certain 
equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Rent expense was 
approximately $22,000, $0.6 million, $0.7 million and $0.6 million for the 
Successor Period, the Predecessor Period and the years ended December 31, 
2012 and 2011, respectively.

Future minimum lease payments under these leases in excess of one year as 
of December 31, 2013 are as follows:
 
  	   	Successor 	 

For the year ended December 31,

   	AP Gaming 	 

 2014

   	$ 	440,490 	  

 2015

   	  	310,311 	  

 2016

   	  	179,740 	  

 2017

   	  	   	  

 2018

   	  	   	  

 Thereafter

   	  	   	  
   	

 

 

 

   Total

   	$ 	930,541 	  
   	

 

 

 


Other commitments and contingencies

The Company is subject to federal, state and Native American laws and 
regulations that affect both its general commercial relationships with its 
Native American tribal customers, as well as the products and services 
provided to them. Periodically, the Company reviews the status of each 
significant matter and assesses the potential financial exposure. If the 
potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable 
and the amount can be estimated, the Company accrues a liability for the 
estimated loss. If a potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is 
considered reasonably possible, the Company discloses an estimate of the 
possible loss or range of possible loss, or a statement that such an 
estimate cannot be made. Significant judgment is required in both the 
determination of probability and the determination as to whether an 
exposure is reasonably estimable. Because of uncertainties related to these 
matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the 
time. As additional information becomes available, the Company reassesses 
the potential liability related to their pending claims and litigation and 
may revise their estimates. Such revisions in the estimates of the 
potential liabilities could have a material impact on the results of 
operations and financial condition.

On October 11, 2011, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with 
Ripleys Entertainment to develop casino games based in the Ripleys 
Believe it or Not brand. The licensing agreement which, guarantees 
Ripleys Entertainment $0.6 million in royalties, commenced upon the 
execution of the agreement and will expire on September 30, 2014 subject to 
one year renewals at the option of the Company. The Company paid a prepaid 
royalty of $0.2 million upon execution of the agreement and in October 2012 
an additional $0.2 million was advanced under the terms of the agreement.

On May 14, 2012, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with One 
Three Television, LLC (One Three) to develop casino games based in the 
Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader brand. The licensing agreement which, 
guarantees One Three $0.4 million in royalties, will commence May 8, 2012 
and expires on December 1, 2017 subject to a two year renewal at the option 
of the Company. The Company paid a prepaid royalty of $0.2 million upon 
execution of the agreement and in December 2012 an additional $0.1 million 
was advanced under the terms of the agreement.

On October 5, 2012, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with 
Freemantle Media North America, Inc. (Freemantle) to develop casino games 
based in the Family Feud brand. The licensing agreement which, guarantees 
Freemantle $0.7 million in royalties, will commence October 5, 2012 and 
expires on December 31, 2017 subject to a three year renewal at the option 
of the Company. The Company paid a prepaid royalty of $0.2 million upon 
execution of the agreement.
 
F-30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 18. SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)
 
  	   	Year ended December 31, 2013 	 
  	   	Predecessor 	  	  	Successor 	 
  	   	Quarter ended
March 31, 2013 	  	  	Quarter ended
June 30, 2013 	  	  	Quarter ended
September 30,
2013 	  	  	Period from
October 1,
2013 through
December 20,
2013 	  	  	Period from
December 21,
2013 through
December 31,
2013 	 

 Consolidated Income Statement Data:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 

   Revenues

   	$ 	16,326,525 	   	  	$ 	14,851,534 	   	  	$ 	12,812,674 	   	  	$ 	
12,439,131 	   	  	$ 	1,953,032 	  

   Loss from operations

   	  	(38,686 	)  	  	  	(1,183,786 	)  	  	  	(5,162,912 	)  	  	  	
(5,790,781 	)  	  	  	(7,622,149 	) 

   Net loss

   	  	(4,044,114 	)  	  	  	(5,717,617 	)  	  	  	(8,269,503 	)  	  	  	
(24,517,734 	)  	  	  	(8,155,697 	) 
 
  	   	Year ended December 31, 2012 	 
  	   	Predecessor 	 
  	   	Quarter ended
March 31, 2012 	  	  	Quarter ended
June 30, 2012 	  	  	Quarter ended
September 30,
2012 	  	  	Quarter ended
December 31,
2012 	 

 Consolidated Income Statement Data:

   	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	

   Revenues

   	$ 	15,358,761 	   	  	$ 	14,779,126 	   	  	$ 	14,661,059 	   	  	$ 	
13,756,162 	  

   Loss from operations

   	  	1,013,685 	   	  	  	(398,709 	)  	  	  	(3,945,543 	)  	  	  	
(27,116,183 	) 

   Net loss

   	  	(197,551 	)  	  	  	(2,255,721 	)  	  	  	3,550,014 	   	  	  	
(41,307,727 	) 


NOTE 19. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

In connection with the preparation of its consolidated financial statements 
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company has evaluated 
subsequent events through March 31, 2014, to determine whether any of these 
events required recognition or disclosure in the 2013 financial statements, 
as required by FASB ASC Topic 855, Subsequent Events.

In January 2014, the Company entered into a financing agreement to purchase 
certain gaming devises and/or systems and related equipment in the amount 
of $2.7 million. The agreement requires monthly payments commencing 90 days 
from the date of delivery with a term of 36 months at an annual fixed 
interest rate of 7.5%.
 
F-31