 EX-10.2 2 d816446dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

SECOND AMENDMENT
TO
LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

This Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the Amendment), is 
entered into as of November 7, 2014, by and between SQUARE 1 BANK (Bank) 
and ALDEYRA THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Borrower).


RECITALS

Borrower and Bank are parties to that certain Loan and Security Agreement 
dated as of April 12, 2012 (as amended from time to time, the Agreement
). The parties desire to amend the Agreement in accordance with the terms 
of this Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:
 
1) 	Borrower has changed its name from ALDEXA THERAPEUTICS, INC. to ALDEYRA 
THERAPEUTICS, INC. Bank and Borrower agree that the Agreement is hereby 
amended wherever necessary to reflect this change.
 
2) 	Bank and Borrower hereby agree, that any Term Loans A and Term Loan B 
outstanding as of the date of this Amendment shall be deemed to be 
outstanding under the Term Loan (as set forth in Section 2.1(b) of the 
Agreement as in effect immediately following the date hereof).
 
3) 	Section 2.1(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated, as 
follows:
 
  	(b) 	Term Loan.

(i) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank 
agrees to make one (1) or more term loans to Borrower in an aggregate 
principal amount not to exceed the Term Loan Amount (each a Term Loan and 
collectively the Term Loans). Borrower may request Term Loans at any time 
from the Second Amendment Effective Date through the Availability End Date. 
The proceeds of the Term Loans shall be used: (i) first, to refinance all 
outstanding Indebtedness owed to Bank by Borrower under the Term Loans A 
and Term Loan B, (ii) second, to fund expenses related Borrowers clinical 
trials, and (iii) third, for general working capital purposes.

(ii) Interest shall accrue from the date of each Term Loan at the rate 
specified in Section 2.3(a), and prior to the Availability End Date shall 
be payable monthly beginning on the 24th day of the month next following 
such Term Loan, and continuing on the same day of each month thereafter. 
Any Term Loans that are outstanding on the Availability End Date shall be 
payable in 36 equal monthly installments of principal, plus all accrued 
interest, beginning on the date that is one month immediately following the 
Availability End Date, and continuing on the same day of each month 
thereafter through the Term Loan Maturity Date, at which time all amounts 
due in connection with the Term Loans and any other amounts due under this 
Agreement shall be immediately due and payable. Term Loans, once repaid, 
may not be reborrowed. Borrower may prepay the Term Loans without penalty 
or premium.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) When Borrower desires to obtain a Term Loan, Borrower shall notify 
Bank (which notice shall be irrevocable) by facsimile transmission to be 
received no later than 3:30 p.m. Eastern time on the Business Day prior to 
the day on which the Term Loan is to be made. Such notice shall be 
substantially in the form of Exhibit C. The notice shall be signed by an 
Authorized Officer.
 
4) 	Section 2.3(a)(i) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated, as 
follows:

(i) Term Loans. Except as set forth in Section 2.3(b), the Term Loans shall 
bear interest, on the outstanding daily balance thereof, at a variable 
annual rate equal to the greater of (A) 2.00% above the Prime Rate then in 
effect, or (B) 5.25%.
 
5) 	A new Section 3.2(d) is hereby added to the Agreement, as follows:

(d) within 3 Business Days prior to receipt by Bank of the Loan 
Advance/Paydown Request as provided in Section 2.1, Borrower shall have 
provided to Bank the Monthly Financial Statements for all the months 
following the most recent filing by Borrower of SEC Financial Statements.
 
6) 	Section 6.2(i) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated, as 
follows:

(i) as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of 
each calendar month, a company prepared consolidated and consolidating 
balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flows covering 
Borrowers operations during such period (the Monthly Financial 
Statements), in a form reasonably acceptable to Bank and certified by a 
Responsible Officer, provided that so long as there are no outstanding 
Indebtedness owed to Bank by Borrower, Borrower shall only be required to 
provide Bank copies of the financial statements filed by Borrower with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC Financial Statements);
 
7) 	Section 6.2(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated, as 
follows:

(a) Within 30 days after the last day of each month, Borrower shall deliver 
to Bank with the monthly financial statements a Compliance Certificate 
certified as of the last day of the applicable month and signed by a 
Responsible Officer in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto, 
including a report, in form and substance acceptable to Bank, of monthly 
clinical trial updates.
 
8) 	Section 6.7 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated, as 
follows:

6.7 Financial Covenants. Borrower shall at all times maintain the following 
financial ratios and covenants:

(a) Minimum Cash. After Borrower requested and Bank made a Term Loan under 
Tranche B to Borrower (such date, Tranche B Date), a balance of Cash at 
Bank of not less than $3,000,000 (the Cash Threshold), monitored on a 
daily basis.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Third Warrant Milestone. Within 3 Business Days following the Tranche B 
Date, Borrower shall deliver to Bank, a warrant, substantially in the form 
of Appendix I attached hereto and duly executed by Borrower.

(c) To Be Determined New Financial Covenant(s). Bank and Borrower hereby 
acknowledge and agree that, (i) within 10 days following the Tranche B 
Date, Bank and Borrower shall mutually agree upon certain financial 
covenant(s) of a type and at levels reasonably acceptable to Bank (the 
Future Covenant), with such covenant(s) to be added to this Agreement 
through an amendment, which Bank and Borrower hereby agree to execute (the 
Future Amendment), and (ii) immediately after Borrowers Cash at Bank 
falls below the Cash Threshold following the execution of the Future 
Amendment, Borrower shall be required to comply with the Future Covenant as 
set forth in the Future Amendment.
 
9) 	Section 7.2 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated, as 
follows:

7.2 Change in Name, Location, Executive Office, or Executive Management; 
Change in Business; Change in Fiscal Year; Change in Control. Change its 
name or the state of Borrowers formation or relocate its chief executive 
office without 30 days prior written notification to Bank; replace or 
suffer the departure of its chief executive officer or chief financial 
officer without delivering written notification to Bank within 10 days 
thereafter; fail to appoint an interim replacement or fill a vacancy in the 
position of chief executive officer or chief financial officer for more 
than 30 consecutive days; suffer a change on its board of directors which 
results in the failure of at least one partner of Domain Associates or its 
Affiliates to serve as a voting member (an Investor Board Departure), or 
suffer the resignation of one or more directors from its board of directors 
in anticipation of Borrowers insolvency, in either case without the prior 
written consent of Bank which may be withheld in Banks sole discretion, 
provided that, after an initial public offering of Borrowers equity 
securities, an Investor Board Departure shall not be a violation of this 
Section 7.2 so long as Borrower provides Bank with written notice within 10 
days of such Investor Board Departure; take action to liquidate, wind up, 
or otherwise cease to conduct business in the ordinary course; engage in 
any business, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business, 
other than or reasonably related or incidental to the businesses currently 
engaged in by Borrower; change its fiscal year end; have a Change in 
Control.
 
10) 	The following defined terms are hereby added to Exhibit A to the 
Agreement, as follows:

Availability End Date means November 7, 2015.

Positive Phase II and Other Milestones means, after the Second Amendment 
Effective Date but on or before the Availability End Date, (i) the 
completion of a satisfactory written evaluation, reasonably acceptable to 
Bank, with respect to Borrowers positive phase II data on either SLS or 
Uveitis indications, (ii) a verbal request from Domain Associates to 
increase the Term Loan Amount, and (iii) a report, in form and substance 
reasonably acceptable to Bank, with respect to Borrowers clinical 
progress.

Second Amendment Effective Date means November 7, 2014.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Term Loan Amount means $2,000,000 (the Tranche A), provided that, if 
Borrower achieves the Positive Phase II and Other Milestones, the Term 
Loan Amount shall increase by $3,000,000 (the Tranche B).
 
11) 	The following defined term in Exhibit A to the Agreement is hereby 
amended and restated, as follows:

Term Loan Maturity Date means November 7, 2018.
 
12) 	The defined term Interest-Only End Date and its definition in 
Exhibit A to the Agreement is hereby deleted.
 
13) 	A new Appendix I to the Agreement is attached hereto.
 
14) 	Unless otherwise defined, all initially capitalized terms in this 
Amendment shall be as defined in the Agreement. The Agreement, as amended 
hereby, shall be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with its 
respective terms and hereby is ratified and confirmed in all respects. 
Except as expressly set forth herein, the execution, delivery, and 
performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of, or as an 
amendment of, any right, power, or remedy of Bank under the Agreement, as 
in effect prior to the date hereof. Borrower ratifies and reaffirms the 
continuing effectiveness of all agreements entered into in connection with 
the Agreement.
 
15) 	Borrower represents and warrants that the representations and 
warranties contained in the Agreement are true and correct as of the date 
of this Amendment.
 
16) 	This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall 
constitute one instrument.
 
17) 	As a condition to the effectiveness of this Amendment, Bank shall have 
received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, the following:
 
  	a) 	this Amendment, duly executed by Borrower;
 
  	b) 	an officers certificate of Borrower with respect to incumbency and 
resolutions authorizing the execution and delivery of this Amendment;
 
  	c) 	a Second Amended and Restated Intellectual Property Security 
Agreement, duly executed by Borrower;
 
  	d) 	payment of a $2,500 facility fee, which may be debited from any of 
Borrowers accounts;
 
  	e) 	payment of all Bank Expenses, including Banks expenses for the 
documentation of this Amendment and any related documents, and any UCC, 
good standing or intellectual property search or filing fees, which may be 
debited from any of Borrowers accounts; and
 
  	f) 	such other documents and completion of such other matters, as Bank 
may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment as of the 
first date above written.
 
ALDEYRA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 	  	 	   	SQUARE 1 BANK
By: 	  	
/s/ Stephen Tulipano
  	 	   	By: 	  	
/s/ Elisabeth Foussianes
Name: 	  	
Stephen Tulipano
  	 	   	Name: 	  	
Elisabeth Foussianes
Title: 	  	
CFO
  	 	   	Title: 	  	
Vice President

[Signature Page to Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement]