 EX-10.4 5 ex104chaseparkguarnon-recc.htm EXHIBIT


EXHIBIT 10.4


INDEMNITY, GUARANTY AND SURETYSHIP AGREEMENT


THIS INDEMNITY, GUARANTY AND SURETYSHIP AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), made 
as of the 11th day of August, 2014, by BEHRINGER HARVARD OPPORTUNITY REIT 
I, INC., a Maryland corporation, having an address at 15601 Dallas Parkway, 
Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001-6026, Attention: Chief Legal Officer (“
Indemnitor”) in favor of GREAT AMERICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, an Ohio 
corporation (“Lender”), having an address at c/o American Real Estate 
Capital, Two Alhambra Plaza, Suite 1280, Coral Gables, Florida 33134.


W I T N E S S E T H:


WHEREAS, CHASE PARK PLAZA HOTEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(“Borrower”), has obtained a loan in the principal amount of Sixty Two 
Million Five Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($62,500,000.00) Dollars 
(the “Loan”) from Lender; and


WHEREAS, the Loan is evidenced by a Promissory Note dated of even date 
herewith (the “Note”), executed by Borrower and payable to the order of 
Lender in the stated principal amount of the Loan and is secured by a Deed 
of Trust, Fixture Filing, Assignment of Rents and Security Agreement dated 
of even date herewith (the “Security Instrument”) from Borrower, as 
grantor, to Lender, as beneficiary, encumbering that certain real property 
situated in the City of St. Louis, State of Missouri, as more particularly 
described in the Security Instrument, together with the buildings, 
structures and other improvements now or hereafter located thereon (said 
real property, buildings, structures and other improvements being 
hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Security Property”) and by 
other documents and instruments (the Note, the Security Instrument and such 
other documents and instruments evidencing and/or securing the Loan, as the 
same may from time to time be amended, consolidated, renewed or replaced, 
being collectively referred to herein as the “Loan Documents”) and


WHEREAS, as a condition to making the Loan to Borrower, Lender has required 
that Indemnitor indemnify Lender from and against and guarantee payment to 
Lender of those items for which Borrower is personally liable and for which 
Lender has recourse against Borrower under the terms of the Note and the 
Security Instrument; and


WHEREAS, Indemnitor is the holder of a direct or indirect beneficial 
interest in Borrower, the extension of the Loan to Borrower is of 
substantial benefit to Indemnitor and, therefore, Indemnitor desires to 
indemnify Lender from and against and guarantee payment to Lender of those 
items for which Borrower is personally liable and for which Lender has 
recourse against Borrower under the terms of the Note and the Security 
Instrument.


NOW, THEREFORE, to induce Lender to extend the Loan to Borrower and in 
consideration of the foregoing premises and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, Indemnitor hereby covenants and agrees for the benefit of 
Lender, as follows:


1.Indemnity, Guaranty and Surety. Indemnitor hereby assumes liability for, 
hereby guarantees payment to Lender of and shall be a surety for, hereby 
agrees to pay, protect, defend and save Lender harmless from and against, 
and hereby indemnifies Lender from and against any and all liabilities, 
obligations, losses, damages, costs, fees, expenses, claims, demands, 
settlements, awards and judgments of any nature or description whatsoever 
(including, without limitation, legal fees and costs, as well as other 
expenses incurred in connection with the defense of any actual or 
threatened action, proceeding or claim) (collectively, “Costs”) incurred, 
suffered or sustained by Lender, resulting from any acts, omissions or 
alleged acts or omissions arising out of or otherwise relating to, any one 
or more of the following:



    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


      (a)    The misapplication or misappropriation by Borrower in
      violation of the Loan Documents of any or all money collected, paid
      or received, or to which Borrower is entitled, relating to the Loan
      or the Security Property, including, but not limited to, Rents and
      Profits (as defined in the Security Instrument), insurance proceeds,
      condemnation awards, lease security and/or other deposits and/or
      Property Proceeds (as defined in the Security Instrument);


      (b)    Rents and Profits (as defined in the Security Instrument) of
      all or any portion of the Security Property received by Borrower
      during the continuance of an Event of Default, which are not applied
      to pay, first (a) real estate taxes and other charges which, if
      unpaid, could result in liens superior to that of the Security
      Instrument and (b) premiums on insurance policies required under the
      Loan Documents and, second, the other ordinary and necessary expenses
      of owning and operating the Security Property and to sums due under
      the Loan Documents;


      (c)    Physical waste committed with respect to the Security Property
      or damage to the Security Property as a result of intentional
      misconduct or gross negligence or the removal of all or any portion
      of the Security Property in violation of the terms of the Loan
      Documents;


      (d)    Fraud, intentional material misrepresentation or intentional
      failure to disclose a material fact (including, without limitation,
      with respect to any such misrepresentation or failure to disclose in
      any materials delivered to Lender) by Borrower or Indemnitor or by
      any other person or entity authorized or apparently authorized to
      make statements or representations on behalf of Borrower or
      Indemnitor in connection with the Loan closing or security of or for
      the Loan, or otherwise in connection with the Property or the Loan;


      (e)    The filing of any petition for bankruptcy, reorganization or
      arrangement pursuant to state or federal bankruptcy law, or any
      similar federal or state law, by any one or more persons or entities
      within the capital structure of Borrower or Indemnitor (other than
      Borrower or Indemnitor) against Borrower or Indemnitor or if any
      proceeding seeking the dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or
      Indemnitor shall be commenced by any one or more persons or entities
      within the capital structure of Borrower of Indemnitor (other than
      Borrower or Indemnitor) (unless such proceeding is initiated solely
      in connection with a conversion, reorganization or after the transfer
      of all of the assets and liabilities of Indemnitor but only to the
      extent any of such is a Permitted Transfer under the Security
      Instrument and not in connection with or in any way related to a
      proceeding pursuant to state or federal bankruptcy law, or any
      similar federal or state law);


      (f)    The failure by Borrower to maintain its status as a single
      purpose and, if applicable, bankruptcy remote entity as required by
      the Loan Documents;


      (g)    Any information provided by Borrower to Lender in connection
      with a Secondary Market Transaction (as hereinafter defined) contains
      (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material
      fact or (ii) omits or allegedly omits to state therein a material
      fact required to be stated in such information or necessary in order
      to make the statements in such information, or in light of the
      circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;


      (h)    The filing or recording of a claim or lien, including without
      limitation, mechanics, laborers or materialmen's liens, against the
      Security Property, whether prior to, equal with or subordinate to the
      lien of the Security Instrument, which Borrower fails to discharge or
      remove from title to the Security Property within thirty (30) days
      after such filing or recording;



2    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


      (i)    Any action or the initiation of any proceedings, judicial or
      otherwise, to enforce the rights or remedies with respect to any of
      the loans described in Section 1.40(d) of the Security Instrument by
      the holder of such loans, including without limitation any action to
      enforce remedies with respect to any defaults under such loans or to
      obtain any judgment or prejudgment remedy against Borrower, or to
      assert that such loans enjoy or are entitled to priority over the
      Loan;


      (j)    Borrower, Indemnitor or any individual or entity having a
      direct or indirect interest in Borrower or Indemnitor contests,
      delays or otherwise hinders any action taken by Lender in connection
      with Lender taking possession of the Security Property and/or the
      rents therefrom, the appointment of a receiver for the Security
      Property, or the foreclosure of the liens, mortgages, deeds of trust
      or other security interests created by any of the Loan Documents;
      provided that the foregoing shall not prevent any good faith defense
      that Lender has not complied with any applicable provision of the
      Loan Documents that has caused or created, directly or indirectly,
      the default at issue pursuant to which Lender is exercising such
      rights or remedies as long as no obligations relating to the payment
      of money under Loan Documents have been breached; and/or


      (k)    The failure by Borrower to pay any insurance deductible with
      respect to any insurance coverage required to be maintained pursuant
      to the Security Instrument.


Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above or otherwise in the Loan 
Documents, in the event that: (A) payment of the amount due on the First 
Payment Date (together with all required reserves) is not paid when due; 
(B) a Transfer (as such term is defined in the Security Instrument) of Real 
Property (as such term is defined in the Security Instrument) or 
Improvements (as such term is defined in the Security Instrument) 
constituting real property occurs which is not a Permitted Transfer (as 
such term is defined in the Security Instrument) or which is not otherwise 
consented to in writing by Lender in accordance with the Security 
Instrument (provided that no liability under this paragraph shall arise 
solely by reason of a failure to give notice of a Permitted Transfer as 
required by the Security Instrument); or (C) any petition for bankruptcy, 
reorganization or arrangement pursuant to state or federal bankruptcy law, 
or any similar federal or state law, shall be filed by or consented to, or 
acquiesced in by, Borrower or Indemnitor, or Borrower or Indemnitor seeks 
(or consents to, or acquiesces in) the appointment of a receiver, 
liquidator or trustee, or any proceeding for the dissolution or liquidation 
of Borrower or Indemnitor shall be instituted by or consented to, or 
acquiesced in by Borrower or Indemnitor (unless such proceeding is 
initiated solely in connection with a conversion, reorganization or after 
the transfer of all of the assets and liabilities of Indemnitor but only to 
the extent any of such is a Permitted Transfer under the Security 
Instrument and not in connection with or in any way related to a proceeding 
pursuant to state or federal bankruptcy law, or any similar federal or 
state law), then (i) Indemnitor shall be fully and personally liable for 
and agrees to pay, protect, defend and save Lender harmless from and 
against, Costs incurred, suffered, or sustained by Lender resulting from 
any acts, omissions, or alleged acts or omissions arising out of or 
relating to, or otherwise arising out of or relating to, any one or more of 
the foregoing items in (A)-(C) immediately above; (ii) all of the 
Obligations (as such term is defined in the Security Instrument) shall be 
fully recourse to Borrower; and (iii) Lender shall not be deemed to have 
waived any right which Lender may have under Section 506 (a), 506 (b), 
1111(b) or any other provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code as same may be 
amended or replaced to file a claim for the full amount of the Loan or to 
require that all collateral shall continue to secure all of the 
indebtedness owing to Lender in accordance with the Loan Documents.


This is an agreement of suretyship and a guaranty of payment and 
performance and not of collection. The liability of Indemnitor under this 
Agreement shall be direct and immediate and not conditional or contingent 
upon the pursuit of any remedies against Borrower or any other person 
(including, without limitation, other guarantors, if any), nor against the 
collateral for the Loan. Indemnitor waives any right to



3    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


require that an action be brought against Borrower or any other person or 
to require that resort be had to any collateral for the Loan or to any 
balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of Lender in favor of 
Borrower or any other person. In the event, on account of the Bankruptcy 
Reform Act of 1978, as amended, or any other debtor relief law (whether 
statutory, common law, case law or otherwise) of any jurisdiction 
whatsoever, now or hereafter in effect, which may be or become applicable, 
Borrower shall be relieved of or fail to incur any debt, obligation or 
liability as provided in the Loan Documents, Indemnitor shall nevertheless 
be fully liable therefor. In the event of a default under the Loan 
Documents which is not cured within any applicable grace or cure period, 
Lender shall have the right to enforce its rights, powers and remedies 
(including, without limitation, foreclosure of all or any portion of the 
collateral for the Loan) thereunder or hereunder, in any order, and all 
rights, powers and remedies available to Lender in such event shall be 
non-exclusive and cumulative of all other rights, powers and remedies 
provided thereunder or hereunder or by law or in equity. If the 
indebtedness and obligations guaranteed hereby are partially paid or 
discharged by reason of the exercise of any of the remedies available to 
Lender, this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect, 
and Indemnitor shall remain liable for all remaining indebtedness and 
obligations guaranteed hereby, even though any rights which Indemnitor may 
have against Borrower may be destroyed or diminished by the exercise of any 
such remedy.


It is understood and agreed that in enforcing the obligations of any 
Indemnitor (each being a “Personally Liable Party”) under the provisions of 
this Agreement or any other provision of the Loan Documents imposing 
personal liability upon a Personally Liable Party, Lender shall have 
recourse only against the assets of the Personally Liable Party and shall 
not have recourse against the assets of any partner, manager, director, 
member (except to the extent that an Indemnitor is a member of Borrower) or 
shareholder of a Personally Liable Party. Without limitation on the 
foregoing, neither the negative capital account of any member, partner or 
other owner of an interest in any Personally Liable Party, nor any 
obligation of any such member, partner or other owner to restore a negative 
capital account or to contribute or loan capital to a Personally Liable 
Party shall at any time be deemed to be the property or asset of such 
Personally Liable Party until such time that the loan or contribution is 
made.


2.    Indemnification Procedures.


            (a)
If any action shall be brought against Lender based upon any of the matters 
for which Lender is indemnified hereunder, Lender shall notify Indemnitor 
in writing thereof and Indemnitor shall promptly assume the defense 
thereof, including, without limitation, the employment of counsel 
acceptable to Lender and the negotiation of any settlement; provided, 
however, that any failure of Lender to notify Indemnitor of such matter 
shall not impair or reduce the obligations of Indemnitor hereunder. Lender 
shall have the right, at the expense of Indemnitor (which expense shall be 
included in Costs), to employ separate counsel in any such action and to 
participate in the defense thereof. In the event Indemnitor shall fail to 
discharge or undertake to defend Lender against any claim, loss or 
liability for which Lender is indemnified hereunder, Lender may, at its 
sole option and election, defend or settle such claim, loss or liability. 
The liability of Indemnitor to Lender hereunder shall be conclusively 
established by any resulting award, judgment or settlement, provided that 
with respect to a settlement made in good faith, the amount of such 
liability shall include both the settlement consideration and the costs and 
expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and disbursements, 
incurred by Lender in effecting such settlement. In such event, such 
settlement consideration, costs and expenses shall be included in Costs and 
Indemnitor shall pay the same as hereinafter provided. Lender’s good faith 
in any such settlement shall be

4    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


                  conclusively established if the settlement is made on the
                  advice of independent legal counsel for Lender.


            (b)
Indemnitor shall not, without the prior written consent of Lender: (i) 
settle or compromise any action, suit, proceeding or claim or consent to 
the entry of any judgment that does not include as an unconditional term 
thereof the delivery by the claimant or plaintiff to Lender of a full and 
complete written release of Lender (in form, scope and substance 
satisfactory to Lender in its sole discretion) from all liability in 
respect of such action, suit, proceeding or claim and a dismissal with 
prejudice of such action, suit, proceeding or claim; or (ii) settle or 
compromise any action, suit, proceeding or claim in any manner that may 
adversely affect Lender or obligate Lender to pay any sum or perform any 
obligation as determined by Lender in its sole discretion.
            (c)
All Costs shall be immediately reimbursable to Lender when and as incurred 
and, in the event of any litigation, claim or other proceeding, without any 
requirement of waiting for the ultimate outcome of such litigation, claim 
or other proceeding, and Indemnitor shall pay to Lender any and all Costs 
within ten (10) days after written notice from Lender itemizing the amounts 
thereof incurred to the date of such notice. In addition to any other 
remedy available for the failure of Indemnitor to periodically pay such 
Costs, such Costs if not paid within said ten-day period shall bear 
interest at the Default Interest Rate (as defined in the Note).
3.    Reinstatement of Obligations. If at any time all or any part of any 
payment made by Indemnitor or received by Lender from Indemnitor under or 
with respect to this Agreement is or must be rescinded or returned for any 
reason whatsoever (including, but not limited to, the insolvency, 
bankruptcy or reorganization of Indemnitor or Borrower), then the 
obligations of Indemnitor hereunder shall, to the extent of the payment 
rescinded or returned, be deemed to have continued in existence, 
notwithstanding such previous payment made by Indemnitor, or receipt of 
payment by Lender, and the obligations of Indemnitor hereunder shall 
continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, as to such 
payment, all as though such previous payment by Indemnitor had never been 
made.


4.    Waivers by Indemnitor. To the extent permitted by law, Indemnitor 
hereby waives and agrees not to assert or take advantage of:


            (a)
Any right to require Lender to proceed against Borrower or any other person 
or to proceed against or exhaust any security held by Lender at any time or 
to pursue any other remedy in Lender’s power or under any other agreement 
before proceeding against Indemnitor hereunder;
            (b)
The defense of the statute of limitations in any action hereunder;
            (c)
Any defense that may arise by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority, 
death or disability of any other person or persons or the failure of Lender 
to file or enforce a claim against the estate (in administration, 
bankruptcy or any other proceeding) of any other person or persons;
            (d)
Demand, presentment for payment, notice of nonpayment, intent to 
accelerate, acceleration, protest, notice of protest and all other notices 
of any kind, or the lack of any thereof, including, without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, notice

5    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


                  of the existence, creation or incurring of any new or
                  additional indebtedness or obligation or of any action or
                  non-action on the part of Borrower, Lender, any endorser
                  or creditor of Borrower or of Indemnitor or on the part
                  of any other person whomsoever under this or any other
                  instrument in connection with any obligation or evidence
                  of indebtedness held by Lender;


            (e)
Any defense based upon an election of remedies by Lender;
            (f)
Any right or claim or right to cause a marshalling of the assets of 
Indemnitor;
            (g)
Any principle or provision of law, statutory or otherwise, which is or 
might be in conflict with the terms and provisions of this Agreement;
            (h)
Any duty on the part of Lender to disclose to Indemnitor any facts Lender 
may now or hereafter know about Borrower or the Security Property, 
regardless of whether Lender has reason to believe that any such facts 
materially increase the risk beyond that which Indemnitor intends to assume 
or has reason to believe that such facts are unknown to Indemnitor or has a 
reasonable opportunity to communicate such facts to Indemnitor, it being 
understood and agreed that Indemnitor is fully responsible for being and 
keeping informed of the financial condition of Borrower, of the condition 
of the Security Property and of any and all circumstances bearing on the 
risk that liability may be incurred by Indemnitor hereunder;
            (i)
Any lack of notice of disposition or of manner of disposition of any 
collateral for the Loan;
            (j)
Any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability, in whole or in part, of 
any one or more of the Loan Documents;
            (k)
Any lack of commercial reasonableness in dealing with the collateral for 
the Loan;
            (l)
Any deficiencies in the collateral for the Loan or any deficiency in the 
ability of Lender to collect or to obtain performance from any persons or 
entities now or hereafter liable for the payment and performance of any 
obligation hereby guaranteed;
            (m)
Any assertion or claim that the automatic stay provided by 11 U.S.C. §362 
(arising upon the voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding of 
Borrower) or any other stay provided under any other debtor relief law 
(whether statutory, common law, case law or otherwise) of any jurisdiction 
whatsoever, now or hereafter in effect, which may be or become applicable, 
shall operate or be interpreted to stay, interdict, condition, reduce or 
inhibit the ability of Lender to enforce any of its rights, whether now or 
hereafter required, which Lender may have against Indemnitor or the 
collateral for the Loan;
            (n)
Any defense of suretyship;
            (o)
Any modifications of the Loan Documents or any obligation of Borrower 
relating to the Loan by operation of law or by action of any court, whether 
pursuant to the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended, or any other 
debtor relief law (whether

6    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


                  statutory, common law, case law or otherwise) of any
                  jurisdiction whatsoever, now or hereafter in effect, or
                  otherwise; and


            (p)
Any action, occurrence, event or matter consented to by Indemnitor under 
Section 5(h) hereof, under any other provision hereof, or otherwise.
5.    General Provisions.


            (a)
Fully Recourse. All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement are 
recourse obligations of Indemnitor and not restricted by any limitation on 
personal liability.
            (b)
Unsecured Obligations. Indemnitor hereby acknowledges that Lender’s 
appraisal of the Security Property is such that Lender is not willing to 
accept the consequences of the inclusion of Indemnitor’s indemnity set 
forth herein among the obligations secured by the Security Instrument and 
the other Loan Documents and that Lender would not make the Loan but for 
the unsecured personal liability undertaken by Indemnitor herein. 
Indemnitor further hereby acknowledges that even though the 
representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements of Indemnitor 
contained herein may be identical or substantially similar to 
representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements of Borrower set forth 
in the Security Instrument and secured hereby, the obligations of 
Indemnitor under this Agreement are not secured by the lien of the Security 
Instrument or the security interests or other collateral described in the 
Security Instrument or the other Loan Documents, it being the intent of 
Lender to create separate obligations of Indemitor hereunder which can be 
enforced against Indemnitor without regard to the existence of the Security 
Instrument or other Loan Documents or the liens or security instruments 
created therein.
            (c)
Survival. This Agreement shall be deemed to be continuing in nature and 
shall remain in full force and effect and shall survive the exercise of any 
remedy by Lender under the Security Instrument or any of the other Loan 
Documents, including, without limitation, any foreclosure or deed in lieu 
thereof, even if, as a part of such remedy, the Loan is paid or satisfied 
in full.
            (d)
No Subrogation; No Recourse Against Lender. Notwithstanding the 
satisfaction by Indemnitor of any liability hereunder, Indemnitor shall not 
have any right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement or indemnity 
whatsoever or any right of recourse to or with respect to the assets or 
property of Borrower or to any collateral for the Loan until the Loan is 
paid in full. In connection with the foregoing, until the Loan is paid in 
full, Indemnitor expressly waives any and all rights of subrogation to 
Lender against Borrower, and Indemnitor hereby waives any rights to enforce 
any remedy which Lender may have against Borrower and any right to 
participate in any collateral for the Loan until the Loan is paid in full. 
In addition to and without in any way limiting the foregoing, Indemnitor 
hereby subordinates any and all indebtedness of Borrower now or hereafter 
owed to Indemnitor to all indebtedness of Borrower to Lender, and agrees 
with Lender that Indemnitor shall not demand or accept any payment of 
principal or interest from Borrower, shall not claim any offset or other 
reduction of Indemnitor’s obligations hereunder because of any such 
indebtedness and shall not take any action to obtain any of the collateral 
from the

7    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


                  Loan until the Loan is paid in full. Further, Indemnitor
                  shall not have any right of recourse against Lender by
                  reason of any action Lender may take or omit to take
                  under the provisions of this Agreement or under the
                  provisions of any of the Loan Documents.


            (e)
Reservation of Rights. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent or 
in any way diminish or interfere with any rights or remedies, including, 
without limitation, the right to contribution, which Lender may have 
against Borrower, Indemnitor or any other party under the Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (codified at 
Title 42 U.S.C. §9601 et seq.), as it may be amended from time to time, or 
any other applicable federal, state or local laws, all such rights being 
hereby expressly reserved.
            (f)
Financial Statements. Indemnitor hereby agrees, as a material inducement to 
Lender to make the Loan to Borrower, to furnish to Lender promptly upon 
demand by Lender (i) current and dated financial statements detailing the 
assets and liabilities of Indemnitor certified by Indemnitor, in form and 
substance acceptable to Lender, and (ii) copies of federal and state income 
tax returns of Indemnitor, certified by Indemnitor as true and correct. 
Indemnitor hereby warrants and represents unto Lender that any and all 
balance sheets, net worth statements, income tax returns and other 
financial data which have heretofore been given or may hereafter be given 
to Lender with respect to Indemnitor did or will at the time of such 
delivery fairly and accurately present the financial condition of 
Indemnitor.
            (g)
Rights Cumulative; Payments. Lender’s rights under this Agreement shall be 
in addition to all rights of Lender under the Note, the Security Instrument 
and the other Loan Documents. Further, payments made by Indemnitor, under 
this Agreement shall not reduce in any respect Borrower’s obligations and 
liabilities under the Note, the Security Instrument and the Other Loan 
Documents.
            (h)
No Limitation on Liability. Indemnitor hereby consents and agrees that 
Lender may at any time and from time to time without further consent from 
Indemnitor do any of the following events, and the liability of Indemnitor 
under this Agreement shall be unconditional and absolute and shall in no 
way be impaired or limited by any of the following events, whether 
occurring with or without notice to Indemnitor or with or without 
consideration: (i) any extensions of time for performance required by any 
of the Loan Documents or extension or renewal of the Note; (ii) any sale, 
assignment or foreclosure of the Note, the Security Instrument or any of 
the other Loan Documents or any sale or transfer of the Security Property; 
(iii) any change in the composition of Borrower, including, without 
limitation, the withdrawal or removal of Indemnitor from any current or 
future position of ownership, management or control of Borrower; (iv) the 
accuracy or inaccuracy of the representations and warranties made by 
Indemnitor herein or by Borrower in any of the Loan Documents; (v) the 
release of Borrower or of any other person or entity from performance or 
observance of any of the agreements, covenants, terms or conditions 
contained in any of the Loan Documents by operation of law, Lender’s 
voluntary act or otherwise; (vi) the release or substitution in whole or in 
part of any security for the Loan; (vii) Lender’s failure to record the 
Security Instrument or to file any financing statement (or Lender’s 
improper recording or filing thereof) or

8    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


                  to otherwise perfect, protect, secure or insure any lien
                  or security interest given as security for the Loan;
                  (viii) the modification of the terms of any one or more
                  of the Loan Documents; or (ix) the taking or failure to
                  take any action of any type whatsoever. No such action
                  which Lender shall take or fail to take in connection
                  with the Loan Documents or any collateral for the Loan,
                  nor any course of dealing with Borrower or any other
                  person, shall limit, impair or release Indemnitor’s
                  obligations hereunder, affect this Agreement in any way
                  or afford Indemnitor any recourse against Lender. Nothing
                  contained in this Section shall be construed to require
                  Lender to take or refrain from taking any action referred
                  to herein.


            (i)
Entire Agreement; Amendment; Severability. This Agreement contains the 
entire agreement between the parties respecting the matters herein set 
forth and supersedes all prior agreements, whether written or oral, between 
the parties respecting such matters. Any amendments or modifications 
hereto, in order to be effective, shall be in writing and executed by the 
parties hereto. A determination that any provision of this Agreement is 
unenforceable or invalid shall not affect the enforceability or validity of 
any other provision, and any determination that the application of any 
provision of this Agreement to any person or circumstance is illegal or 
unenforceable shall not affect the enforceability or validity of such 
provision as it may apply to any other persons or circumstances.
            (j)
Governing Law; Binding Effect; Waiver of Acceptance. This Agreement shall 
be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the 
State of Ohio without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. This 
Agreement shall bind Indemnitor and the heirs, personal representatives, 
successors and assigns of Indemnitor and shall inure to the benefit of 
Lender and the officers, directors, shareholders, agents and employees of 
Lender and their respective heirs, successors and assigns. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Indemnitor shall not assign any of its rights or obligations 
under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Lender, which 
consent may be withheld by Lender in its sole discretion. Indemnitor hereby 
waives any acceptance of this Agreement by Lender, and this Agreement shall 
immediately be binding upon Indemnitor.
            (k)
All notices, demands, requests or other communications to be sent by one 
party to the other hereunder or required by law shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been validly given or served by delivery of the 
same in person to the intended addressee, or by depositing the same with 
Federal Express or another reputable private courier service for next 
business day delivery to the intended addressee at its address set forth on 
the first page of this Agreement or at such other address as may be 
designated by such party as herein provided, or by depositing the same in 
the United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, 
return receipt requested, addressed to the intended addressee at its 
address set forth on the first page of this Agreement or at such other 
address as may be designated by such party as herein provided. All notices, 
demands and requests to be sent to Lender shall be addressed to the 
attention of the Loan Service Department – Attn: Karin Chan. All notices, 
demands and requests shall be effective upon such personal delivery, or one 
(1) business day after being deposited with the private courier service, or 
two (2) business days after being deposited in the United States mail as 
required above. Rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability to 
deliver because of changed

9    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


                  address of which no notice was given as herein required
                  shall be deemed to be receipt of the notice, demand or
                  request sent. By giving to the other party hereto at
                  least fifteen (15) days’ prior written notice thereof in
                  accordance with the provisions hereof, the parties hereto
                  shall have the right from time to time to change their
                  respective addresses and each shall have the right to
                  specify as its address any other address within the
                  United States of America.


            (l)
No Waiver; Time of Essence; Business Day. The failure of any party hereto 
to enforce any right or remedy hereunder, or to promptly enforce any such 
right or remedy, shall not constitute a waiver thereof nor give rise to any 
estoppel against such party nor excuse any of the parties hereto from their 
respective obligations hereunder. Any waiver of such right or remedy must 
be in writing and signed by the party to be bound. This Agreement is 
subject to enforcement at law or in equity, including actions for damages 
or specific performance. Time is of the essence hereof. The term “business 
day” as used herein shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, a 
legal holiday or other day on which commercial banks in the State where the 
Security Property is located are authorized or required by law to close. 
All references in this Agreement to a “day” or “date” shall be to a 
calendar day unless specifically referenced as a business day.
            (m)
Captions for Convenience. The captions and headings of the sections and 
paragraphs of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and 
shall not be construed in interpreting the provisions hereof.
            (n)
Attorneys’ Fees. In the event it is necessary for Lender to retain the 
services of an attorney or any other consultants in order to enforce this 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or any portion thereof, to collect 
any or all of the Costs or to obtain advise of an attorney or other 
consultant for any other cause or circumstance arising under or with 
respect to this Agreement, Indemnitor agrees to pay to Lender any and all 
costs and expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, 
incurred by Lender as a result thereof and such costs, fees and expenses 
shall be included in Costs.
            (o)
Successive Actions. A separate right of action hereunder shall arise each 
time Lender acquires knowledge of any matter indemnified or guaranteed by 
Indemnitor under this Agreement. Separate and successive actions may be 
brought hereunder to enforce any of the provisions hereof at any time and 
from time to time. No action hereunder shall preclude any subsequent 
action, and Indemnitor hereby waives and covenants not to assert any 
defense in the nature of splitting of causes of action or merger of 
judgments.
            (p)
Reliance. Lender would not make the Loan to Borrower without this 
Agreement. Accordingly, Indemnitor intentionally and unconditionally enters 
into the covenants and agreements as set forth above and understands that, 
in reliance upon and in consideration of such covenants and agreements, the 
Loan shall be made and, as part and parcel thereof, specific monetary and 
other obligations have been, are being and shall be entered into which 
would not be made or entered into but for such reliance.

10    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


            (q)
SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
                  (i)
INDEMNITOR, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, HEREBY KNOWINGLY, 
INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY, WITH AND UPON THE ADVICE OF COMPETENT 
COUNSEL, (A) SUBMITS TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN THE STATE OF OHIO OVER ANY 
SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY ANY PERSON ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT, (B) AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING MAY BE 
BROUGHT IN ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION SITTING IN 
THE STATE OF OHIO, (C) SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS, AND, (D) 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INDEMNITOR AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT 
BRING ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN ANY OTHER FORUM (BUT NOTHING HEREIN 
SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF LENDER TO BRING ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN 
ANY OTHER FORUM). INDEMNITOR FURTHER CONSENTS AND AGREES TO SERVICE OF ANY 
SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED U.S. MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO THE 
INDEMNITOR AT THE ADDRESS FOR NOTICES DESCRIBED IN SECTION 5(k) HEREOF, AND 
CONSENTS AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE IN EVERY RESPECT 
VALID AND EFFECTIVE SERVICE (BUT NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE VALIDITY 
OR EFFECTIVENESS OF PROCESS SERVED IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW).
                  (ii)
LENDER AND INDEMNITOR, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, HEREBY 
KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY, WITH AND UPON THE ADVICE OF 
COMPETENT COUNSEL, WAIVE, RELINQUISH AND FOREVER FORGO THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL 
BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY 
WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY CONDUCT, ACT OR OMISSION OF LENDER OR 
INDEMNITOR, OR ANY OF THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, PARTNERS, MEMBERS, 
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR ATTORNEYS, OR ANY OTHER PERSONS AFFILIATED WITH LENDER 
OR INDEMNITOR, IN EACH OF THE FOREGOING CASES, WHETHER SOUNDING IN 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE.
            (r)
Waiver by Indemnitor. Indemnitor covenants and agrees that, upon the 
commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding by or 
against Borrower, Indemnitor shall not seek or cause Borrower or any other 
person or entity to seek a supplemental stay or other relief, whether 
injunctive or otherwise, pursuant to 11 U.S.C. § 105 or any other provision 
of the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended, or any other debtor 
relief law, (whether statutory, common law, case law or otherwise) of any 
jurisdiction whatsoever, now or hereafter in effect, which may be or become 
applicable, to stay, interdict, condition, reduce or inhibit the

11    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


                  ability of Lender to enforce any rights of Lender against
                  Indemnitor or the collateral for the Loan by virtue of
                  this Agreement or otherwise.


            (s)
No Petition.  Indemnitor hereby covenants and agrees that it will not at 
any time institute against Borrower, or join in any institution against 
Borrower of, any bankruptcy proceedings under any United States Federal or 
state bankruptcy or similar law.
            (t)
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
each of which shall be effective only upon delivery and thereafter shall be 
deemed an original, and all of which shall be taken to be one and the same 
instrument, for the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the 
same signature page. Any signature page of this Agreement may be detached 
from any counterpart of this Agreement without impairing the legal effect 
of any signatures thereon and may be attached to another counterpart of 
this Agreement identical in form hereto but having attached to it one or 
more additional signature pages.
     


            [NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE]




12    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.4


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Indemnitor has executed this Indemnity Agreement as of 
the day and year first above written.



                                 INDEMNITOR:


                                                       


                                       BEHRINGER HARVARD OPPORTUNITY REIT
                                       I, INC., a Maryland corporation


                                               


                                         By: /s/ Michael J. O’Hanlon 
                                         Name: Michael J. O’Hanlon 
                                         Title: Chief Executive Officer




                    



 
114560.00401/12412375v.5