 EX-10.2 7 c78320_ex10-2.htm
Exhibit 10.2
 
EXECUTION VERSION
 
 
 
OMNIBUS AGREEMENT
 
AMONG
 
COSTAMARE INC.
 
COSTAMARE VENTURES INC.
 
COSTAMARE PARTNERS LP
 
COSTAMARE PARTNERS GP LLC
 
COSTAMARE PARTNERS HOLDINGS LLC
 
SPARROW HOLDINGS, L.P.
 
BLUEBIRD HOLDINGS, L.P.
 
AND
 
YORK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL ADVISORS LLC
 
 
 

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Section 1.1. 	Definitions 	  	4
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE II
FIVE-YEAR VESSEL RESTRICTED BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
 
Section 2.1. 	Five-Year Vessel Restricted Businesses 	  	11
Section 2.2. 	Permitted Exceptions 	  	11
Section 2.3. 	Permitted Transactions 	  	12
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE III
NON-FIVE-YEAR VESSEL RESTRICTED BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
 
Section 3.1. 	Non-Five-Year Vessel Restricted Businesses 	  	12
Section 3.2. 	Permitted Exceptions 	  	12
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE IV
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES PROCEDURES
 
Section 4.1. 	Procedures for Existing Non-Compete Vessels 	  	13
Section 4.2. 	Procedures for New Non-Compete Vessels 	  	15
Section 4.3. 	Scope of Prohibition 	  	17
Section 4.4. 	Enforcement; Consents 	  	17
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE V
RIGHTS OF FIRST OFFER
 
Section 5.1. 	Rights of First Offer 	  	18
Section 5.2. 	Procedures for Rights of First Offer 	  	18
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE VI
EXISTING VESSEL INTERESTS PURCHASE OPTION
 
Section 6.1. 	Option to Purchase the Valence Interests 	  	18
Section 6.2. 	Procedures 	  	19
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE VII
NEW BUILD INTERESTS PURCHASE OPTION
 
Section 7.1. 	Option to Purchase the New Build Interests 	  	20
Section 7.2. 	Procedures 	  	20
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE VIII
INDEMNIFICATION
 
Section 8.1. 	CMRE Indemnification 	  	21
Section 8.2. 	Limitation Regarding Indemnification 	  	22
Section 8.3. 	Indemnification Procedures 	  	22
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE IX
MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 9.1. 	Choice of Law; Submission To Jurisdiction 	  	23
Section 9.2. 	Notice 	  	23
Section 9.3. 	Entire Agreement 	  	23
Section 9.4. 	Termination 	  	23

i


Section 9.5. 	Waiver; Effect of Waiver or Consent 	  	23
Section 9.6. 	Amendment or Modification 	  	23
Section 9.7. 	Assignment 	  	23
Section 9.8. 	Counterparts 	  	24
Section 9.9. 	Severability 	  	24
Section 9.10. 	Gender, Parts, Articles and Sections 	  	24
Section 9.11. 	Further Assurances 	  	24
Section 9.12. 	Withholding or Granting of Consent 	  	24
Section 9.13. 	Laws and Regulations 	  	24
Section 9.14. 	Negotiation of Rights of CMRE, Limited Partners, Assignees 
and Third Parties 	  	24
Section 9.15. 	Conflict with Framework Agreement 	  	24
Section 9.16. 	Conflicts Committee Determinations 	  	24
Section 9.17. 	Restrictive Covenant Agreement 	  	24
Section 9.18. 	Delegation of Management of MLP 	  	24
Section 9.19. 	Effectiveness 	  	25
Section 9.20. 	Transfer Restrictions 	  	25
Section 9.21. 	York Capital Covenant 	  	25
 
SCHEDULES
 
Schedule I
 
ANNEXES
 
Annex A – Form Purchase and Sale Agreement

ii


OMNIBUS AGREEMENT
 
THIS OMNIBUS AGREEMENT has been executed and delivered on October 1, 2014, 
and will automatically become effective concurrent with and as of the 
Closing Date (as defined herein), among COSTAMARE VENTURES INC., a Marshall 
Islands corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CMRE (as defined 
herein), COSTAMARE INC., a Marshall Islands corporation (“CMRE”), COSTAMARE 
PARTNERS LP, a Marshall Islands limited partnership (the “MLP”), COSTAMARE 
PARTNERS GP LLC, a Marshall Islands limited liability company (including 
any permitted successors and assigns under the MLP Agreement (as defined 
herein)) (the “General Partner”), COSTAMARE PARTNERS HOLDINGS LLC, a 
Marshall Islands limited liability corporation, SPARROW HOLDINGS, L.P., a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (“Sparrow”), BLUEBIRD HOLDINGS, 
L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (“Bluebird” and, 
together with Sparrow, “York”), and YORK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL ADVISORS 
LLC, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the State 
of New York (“York Capital”), on behalf of itself and the York Funds (as 
defined below).
 
RECITALS:
 
1. The Parties desire by their execution of this Agreement to evidence 
their understanding, as more fully set forth in Articles II and IV, with 
respect to (a) those business opportunities that the CMRE Entities (as 
defined herein) and York will not pursue during the term of this Agreement 
and (b) the procedures whereby such business opportunities are to be 
offered to the Partnership Group (as defined herein) and accepted or 
declined.
 
2. Costamare Ventures Inc., CMRE, Sparrow and York Capital (as defined 
below) are parties to a Framework Agreement (as defined herein), pursuant 
to which certain jointly owned companies (“JV Entities”) may acquire 
containership vessels (“JV Vessels”).
 
3. The Parties desire by their execution of this Agreement to evidence 
their understanding, as more fully set forth in Articles III and IV, with 
respect to (a) those business opportunities that the Partnership Group (as 
defined herein) will not pursue during the term of this Agreement and (b) 
the procedures whereby such business opportunities are to be offered to 
CMRE and accepted or declined (and, if accepted, may, pursuant to the 
Framework Agreement, be acquired by a JV Entity).
 
4. The Parties desire by their execution of this Agreement to evidence 
their understanding, as more fully set forth in Article V, with respect to 
the MLP’s right of first offer relating to Five-Year Vessel Interests that 
CMRE might own, including any JV Vessel Interests (as defined herein) that 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity might own, to the extent that they constitute 
Five-Year-Vessel Interests.
 
5. The Parties desire by their execution of this Agreement to evidence 
their understanding, as more fully set forth in Articles VI and VII, with 
respect to the rights of the MLP to purchase the Valence Interests or the 
Substitute Vessel Interests (each as defined herein) from CMRE and the 
agreement by CMRE and York to offer the General Partner the right to 
purchase the Hull NCP0113 Interests, Hull NCP0114 Interests, Hull NCP0115 
Interests, Hull NCP0116 Interests, Hull S2121 Interests, Hull S2122 
Interests, Hull S2123 Interests, Hull S2124 Interests and Hull S2125 
Interests (in each case, as defined herein).
 
6. The Parties desire by their execution of this Agreement to evidence 
their understanding, as more fully set forth in Article VIII and, with 
respect to any vessels acquired by the MLP pursuant to Article IV, Article 
VI or Article VII, as more fully set forth in Annex A, with respect to 
certain indemnification obligations of CMRE.
 
In consideration of the premises and the covenants, conditions, and 
agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto hereby agree as follows:
 

DEFINITIONS
 
Section 1.1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
shall have the respective meanings set forth below:
 
“Acquiring Party” has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1.
 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that 
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is 
controlled by or is under common control with, the Person in question. As 
used herein, the term “control” means the possession, direct or indirect, 
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and 
policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise.
 
“Agreement” means this Omnibus Agreement, as it may be amended, modified, 
or supplemented from time to time in accordance with Section 10.6 hereof.
 
“Break-up Costs” means the aggregate amount of any and all additional 
taxes, flag administration, financing, legal and other similar costs 
(except with respect to Section 2.2(b) where Break-up Costs shall be deemed 
to include only administrative costs associated with transfer and 
re-flagging, including related legal costs) to (a) the CMRE Entities and, 
with respect to a JV Vessel, a York Entity, or a JV Entity, as applicable, 
that would be required to transfer Five-Year Vessels acquired by the CMRE 
Entities and, with respect to JV Vessels, JV Entities, as applicable, as 
part of a larger transaction to a Partnership Group Member pursuant to 
Sections 2.2(b) or 2.2(d)(i), or (b) the Partnership Group that would be 
required to transfer Non-Five-Year Vessels acquired by the Partnership 
Group as part of a larger transaction to a CMRE Entity pursuant to Section 
3.2(b)(i).
 
“business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks are open for commercial business in New York, United States and 
London, England.
 
“Change of Control” means, with respect to any Person (the “Applicable 
Person”), any of the following events: (a) any sale, lease, exchange or 
other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of 
all or substantially all of the Applicable Person’s assets to any other 
Person, unless immediately following such sale, lease, exchange or other 
transfer such assets are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Applicable 
Person; (b) the consolidation or merger of the Applicable Person with or 
into another Person pursuant to a transaction in which the outstanding 
Voting Securities of the Applicable Person are changed into or exchanged 
for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction 
where (i) the outstanding Voting Securities of the Applicable Person are 
changed into or exchanged for Voting Securities of the surviving Person or 
its parent and (ii) the holders of the Voting Securities of the Applicable 
Person immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, 
not less than a majority of the outstanding Voting Securities of the 
surviving Person or its parent immediately after such transaction; and (c) 
a “person” or “group” (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) or 14(d)(2) of 
the Exchange Act or any successor provision), other than CMRE, York or 
their Affiliates with respect to the General Partner or the MLP or a 
Permitted Holder with respect to CMRE, being or becoming the “beneficial 
owner” (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of more 
than 50% of all of the then outstanding Voting Securities of the Applicable 
Person, except in a merger or consolidation which would not constitute a 
Change of Control under clause (b) above.
 
“Closing Date” means the date of the closing of the initial public offering 
of common units representing limited partner interests and the issue of the 
incentive distribution rights in the MLP.
 
“CMRE” is defined in the introduction to this Agreement.
 
“CMRE Entities” means CMRE and any Person controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by CMRE, other than the Partnership Entities.
 
“Conflicts Committee” means the Conflicts Committee of the board of 
directors of the General Partner.
 
“Contribution Assets” has the meaning given such term in Section 8.1.

4


“Covered Environmental Losses” means all Losses suffered or incurred by the 
Partnership Group by reason of, arising out of or resulting from:
 
           (a) any violation or correction of violation of Environmental
           Laws by a CMRE Entity; or
            
           (b) any event or condition relating to environmental or human
           health and safety matters, in each case, associated with the
           ownership or operation by the Partnership Group or the CMRE
           Entities of the Contribution Assets (including, without
           limitation, the presence of Hazardous Substances on, under,
           about or migrating to or from the Contribution Assets or the
           disposal or release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Substances
           generated by or otherwise related to operation of the
           Contribution Assets), including, without limitation, the
           reasonable and documented cost and expense of (i) any
           investigation, assessment, evaluation, monitoring, containment,
           cleanup, repair, restoration, remediation or other corrective
           action required or necessary under Environmental Laws, (ii) the
           preparation and implementation of any closure, remedial,
           corrective action or other plans required or necessary under
           Environmental Laws and (iii) any environmental or toxic tort
           (including, without limitation, personal injury or property
           damage claims) pre-trial, trial or appellate legal or litigation
           support work;
            
but only to the extent that such violation complained of under clause (a), 
or such events or conditions included in clause (b), occurred before the 
Closing Date; and, provided, that in no event shall Losses to the extent 
arising from a change in any Environmental Law after the Closing Date be 
deemed “Covered Environmental Losses.”
 
“Election Notice” has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1(b).
 
“Election Period” has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1(b)(i).
 
“Environmental Laws” means all international, federal, state, foreign and 
local laws, statutes, rules, regulations, treaties, conventions, orders, 
judgments and ordinances having the force and effect of law and relating to 
protection of natural resources, health and safety and the environment, 
each in effect and as amended through the Closing Date.
 
“Evergreen” means the Evergreen Group and its members, which are the 
charterers of the Valence, each Substitute Vessel, Hull S2121, Hull S2122, 
Hull S2123, Hull S2124 and Hull S2125.
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
“Existing Non-Compete Notice Period” has the meaning given such term in 
Section 4.1.
 
“Existing Non-Compete Vessel” has the meaning given such term in Section 
4.1.
 
“Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests” means all of CMRE’s and, with 
respect to any JV Vessel, CMRE’s and York’s respective rights, title and 
interests in the Existing Non-Compete Vessel, including the shares of 
capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited partnership 
interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such Existing 
Non-Compete Vessel and any leasehold interests to the extent that such 
Existing Non-Compete Vessel is subject to a financing lease, or any other 
interests in any of the CMRE Entities or, with respect to any JV Vessel 
that is an Existing Non-Compete Vessel, any of the JV Entities or York 
Entities holding JV Vessel Interests, and including any charters or other 
agreements relating to the operation of such Existing Non-Compete Vessel 
then in effect.
 
“Existing Option Exercise Notice” has the meaning given such term in 
Section 6.2(a).
 
“Existing Option Exercise Period” has the meaning given such term in 
Section 6.2(a).
 
“First Offer Negotiation Period” has the meaning given such term in 
Section 5.2(c).

5


“Five-Year Vessel” means any containership vessel, which at the time of 
determination, is less than seven years-old with a cargo capacity greater 
than 8,000 TEU and under a charter for five full years or more, which for 
charters that are existing at the time of such determination shall mean 
charters with a remaining term of five full years or more, together with 
the related charter (including, to the extent such a containership vessel 
is subject to a financing lease, the interests in the charter or other 
agreements relating to such containership vessel).
 
“Five-Year Vessel Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests 
of CMRE, a York Entity or a JV Entity, as applicable, in the relevant 
Five-Year Vessel, including the shares of capital stock, limited liability 
company interests, limited partnership interests or joint venture interests 
in any entity owning such Five-Year Vessel and any leasehold or bareboat 
charter interests to the extent that such Five-Year Vessel is subject to a 
financing lease, or any other interests in such Five-Year Vessel and 
including any charters or other agreements relating to the operation of 
such Five-Year Vessel then in effect.
 
“Framework Agreement” means the Framework Deed between CMRE and its 
wholly-owned subsidiary, Costamare Ventures Inc., on the one hand, and York 
Capital and its affiliated fund, Sparrow Holdings L.P., on the other, 
pursuant to which CMRE and York Capital agreed to invest in JV Vessels 
through JV Entities, as the same may be amended from time to time, 
including pursuant to an amendment deed effective as of the Closing Date 
between the parties to the Framework Agreement.
 
“General Partner” is defined in the introduction to this Agreement.
 
“Hanjin Subic Bay” means HHIC-Phil Inc., which is building the Hull 
NCP0113, Hull NCP0114, Hull NCP0115 and Hull NCP0116.
 
“Hull NCP0113” means the containership vessel currently designated NCP0113 
being built by Hanjin Subic Bay pursuant to a related shipbuilding contract 
between Kemp Maritime Co., as buyer, and Hanjin Subic Bay, as builder, 
dated July 31, 2013, as the same may be amended, restated or novated from 
time to time.
 
“Hull NCP0113 Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in Hull NCP0113, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited 
partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that 
Hull NCP0113 is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in 
Hull NCP0113 and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of Hull NCP0113 then in effect.
 
“Hull NCP0114” means the containership vessel currently designated NCP0114 
being built by Hanjin Subic Bay pursuant to a related shipbuilding contract 
between Hyde Maritime Co., as buyer, and Hanjin Subic Bay, as builder, 
dated July 31, 2013, as the same may be amended, restated or novated from 
time to time.
 
“Hull NCP0114 Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in Hull NCP0114, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited 
partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that 
Hull NCP0114 is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in 
Hull NCP0114 and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of Hull NCP0114 then in effect.
 
“Hull NCP0115” means the containership vessel currently designated NCP0115 
being built by Hanjin Subic Bay pursuant to a related shipbuilding contract 
between Ainsley Maritime Co., as buyer, and Hanjin Subic Bay, as builder, 
dated December 6, 2013, as the same may be amended, restated or novated 
from time to time.
 
“Hull NCP0115 Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in Hull NCP0115, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited 
partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that 
Hull NCP0115 is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in 
Hull NCP0115 and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of Hull NCP0115 then in effect.

6


“Hull NCP0116” means the containership vessel currently designated NCP0116 
being built by Hanjin Subic Bay pursuant to a related shipbuilding contract 
between Ambrose Maritime Co., as buyer, and Hanjin Subic Bay, as builder, 
dated December 6, 2013, as the same may be amended, restated or novated 
from time to time.
 
“Hull NCP0116 Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in Hull NCP0116, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited 
partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that 
Hull NCP0116 is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in 
Hull NCP0116 and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of Hull NCP0116 then in effect.
 
“Hull S2121” means the containership vessel currently designated S2121 
being built by Samsung pursuant to a related shipbuilding contract between 
Benedict Maritime Co., as buyer, and Samsung, as builder, dated January 7, 
2014, as the same may be amended, restated or novated from time to time.
 
“Hull S2121 Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in Hull S2121, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited 
partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that 
Hull S2121 is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in Hull 
S2121 and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of Hull S2121 then in effect.
 
“Hull S2122” means the containership vessel currently designated S2122 
being built by Samsung pursuant to a related shipbuilding contract between 
Bertrand Maritime Co., as buyer, and Samsung, as builder, dated January 7, 
2014, as the same may be amended, restated or novated from time to time.
 
“Hull S2122 Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in Hull S2122, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited 
partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that 
Hull S2122 is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in Hull 
S2122 and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of Hull S2122 then in effect.
 
“Hull S2123” means the containership vessel currently designated S2123 
being built by Samsung pursuant to a related shipbuilding contract between 
Beardmore Maritime Co., as buyer, and Samsung, as builder, dated January 7, 
2014, as the same may be amended, restated or novated from time to time.
 
“Hull S2123 Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in Hull S2123, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited 
partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that 
Hull S2123 is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in Hull 
S2123 and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of Hull S2123 then in effect.
 
“Hull S2124” means the containership vessel currently designated S2124 
being built by Samsung pursuant to a related shipbuilding contract between 
Schofield Maritime Co., as buyer, and Samsung, as builder, dated January 7, 
2014, as the same may be amended, restated or novated from time to time.
 
“Hull S2124 Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in Hull S2124, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited 
partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that 
Hull S2124 is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in Hull 
S2124 and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of Hull S2124 then in effect.
 
“Hull S2125” means the containership vessel currently designated S2125 
being built by Samsung pursuant to a related shipbuilding contract between 
Fairbank Maritime Co., as buyer, and Samsung, as builder, dated January 7, 
2014, as the same may be amended, restated or novated from time to time.
 
“Hull S2125 Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of 
CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in Hull S2125, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited

7


partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that 
Hull S2125 is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in Hull 
S2125 and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of Hull S2125 then in effect.
 
“Hazardous Substances” means (a) each substance defined, designated or 
classified as a hazardous waste, hazardous substance, hazardous material, 
solid waste, contaminant or toxic substance under Environmental Laws; (b) 
petroleum and petroleum products, including crude oil and any fractions 
thereof; (c) natural gas, synthetic gas and any mixtures thereof; (d) any 
radioactive material; and (e) any asbestos-containing materials in a 
friable condition.
 
“JV Entity” has the meaning given such term in the Recitals.
 
“JV Vessel” is defined in the introduction to this Agreement, including, as 
of the date of this Agreement, Hull NCP0113, Hull NCP0114, Hull NCP0115, 
Hull NCP0116, Hull S2121, Hull S2122, Hull S2123, Hull S2124 and Hull 
S2125.
 
“JV Vessel Interests” means all of the rights, title and interests of CMRE, 
York or a JV Entity, as applicable, in a JV Vessel, including the shares of 
capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited partnership 
interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such JV Vessel 
and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the extent that such JV 
Vessel is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in such JV 
Vessel and including any charters or other agreements relating to the 
operation of such JV Vessel then in effect, including, as of the date of 
this Agreement.
 
“Losses” means losses, damages, liabilities, claims, demands, causes of 
action, judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, costs and expenses 
(including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ and 
experts’ fees) of any and every kind or character; provided, however, that 
such term shall not include any special, indirect, incidental, exemplary, 
punitive or consequential damages.
 
“Management” means the executive officers of the General Partner.
 
“MLP” is defined in the introduction to this Agreement.
 
“MLP Agreement” means the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of the MLP, dated as of the Closing Date, to which reference is 
hereby made for all purposes of this Agreement. No amendment or 
modification to the MLP Agreement subsequent to the Closing Date shall be 
given effect for purposes of this Agreement unless consented to by each of 
the Parties to this Agreement.
 
“New Build Interest Option Period” has the meaning given such term in 
Section 7.1(a).
 
“New Build Option Exercise Notice” has the meaning given such term in 
Section 7.2(b).
 
“New Build Option Exercise Period” has the meaning given such term in 
Section 7.2(b).
 
“New Non-Compete Vessel” has the meaning given such term in Section 4.2.
 
“New Non-Compete Vessel Interests” means all of the rights, title and 
interests of CMRE in a New Non-Compete Vessel and, with respect to a New 
Non-Compete Vessel which is a JV Vessel, CMRE, York or a JV Entity, as 
applicable, including the shares of capital stock, limited liability 
company interests, limited partnership interests or joint venture interests 
in any entity owning such New Non-Compete Vessel and any leasehold or 
bareboat charter interests to the extent that such New Non-Compete Vessel 
is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in such New 
Non-Compete Vessel and including any charters or other agreements relating 
to the operation of such New Non-Compete Vessel then in effect.
 
“Non-Compete Commencement Date” means the earliest date on which the 
options provided for under Article VII are no longer exercisable, either as 
a result of (x) the expiration of the last of the New Build Interest Option 
Periods as provided under Article VII or (y) the Partnership Entities 
having made elections with respect to each of the Hull NCP0113 Interests, 
Hull NCP0114 Interests, Hull NCP0115 Interests, Hull NCP0116 Interests, 
Hull S2121 Interests, Hull S2122 Interests, Hull S2123 Interests, Hull 
S2124 Interests and Hull S2125

8


Interests as to whether the Partnership Entities will exercise or not 
exercise the option to purchase such interests under Article VII.
 
“New Non-Compete Notice Period” has the meaning given such term in Section 
4.2.
 
“Non-Five-Year Vessel” means any containership vessel that is not a 
Five-Year Vessel.
 
“Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests” means all of the rights, title and 
interests of a Partnership Group Member, CMRE, a York Entity or a JV 
Entity, as applicable, in the relevant Non-Five-Year Vessel, including the 
shares of capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited 
partnership interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such 
Non-Five-Year Vessel and any leasehold or bareboat charter interests to the 
extent that a Non-Five-Year Vessel is subject to a financing lease, or any 
other interests in a Non-Five-Year Vessel and including any charters or 
other agreements relating to the operation of a Non-Five-Year Vessel then 
in effect.
 
“Offer” has the meaning given such term in Section 4.2.
 
“Offered Assets” has the meaning given such term in Section 4.2.
 
“Offeree” has the meaning given such term in Section 4.2.
 
“Offer Period” has the meaning given such term in Section 4.2(b)(i).
 
“Parties” means the parties to this Agreement and their successors and 
permitted assigns.
 
“Partnership Entities” means the General Partner, the MLP and any Person 
controlled by the General Partner or the MLP.
 
“Partnership Group” means the MLP and any Person controlled by the MLP.
 
“Partnership Group Member” means any Person in the Partnership Group.
 
“Permitted Holder” means (i) Achillefs Konstantakopoulos, his descendants 
and his Affiliates, (ii) Christos Konstantakopoulos, his descendants and 
his Affiliates, (iii) Konstantinos Konstantakopoulos, his descendants and 
his Affiliates and (iv) any group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) or 
14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of which any of 
the foregoing are members.
 
“Permitted Transaction” has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.3.
 
“Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, 
trust, limited liability company, unincorporated organization or any other 
entity.
 
“Potential Transferee” has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(a).
 
“Restrictive Covenant Agreement” means the Restrictive Covenant Agreement 
between CMRE and Konstantinos Konstantakopoulos, dated November 3, 2010, as 
amended from time to time, pursuant to which CMRE and Konstantinos 
Konstantakopoulos agreed to limit the activities of Konstantinos 
Konstantakopoulos, because of his capacity as a director and officer of 
CMRE, to prohibit certain activities that may compete with the business of 
CMRE.
 
“Sale Assets” has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(a).
 
“Samsung” means Samsung Heavy Industries Co., Ltd., which is building the 
Hull S2121, Hull S2122, Hull S2123, Hull S2124 and Hull S2125.
 
“Shipbroker” means Arrow Research Ltd. of London, England, Braemar Seascope 
of London, England, Maersk Brokers of London, England and Howe Robinson of 
London, England.

9


“Substitute Vessel” means any one of the Valor (currently registered under 
Quentin Shipping Co. as the owner and with IMO No. 9628154), the Valiant 
(currently registered under Sander Shipping Co. as the owner and with IMO 
No. 9628178), or the Vantage (currently registered under Undine Shipping 
Co. as the owner and with IMO No. 9628192), which were delivered in 2013; 
provided that such vessels are chartered to the same charterer, and subject 
to the same charter rate (or no lower) and charter length (or no more than 
three months shorter remaining duration) as those applicable to the 
Valence.
 
“Substitute Vessel Interests” means all of CMRE’s rights, title and 
interests in any one particular Substitute Vessel, including the shares of 
capital stock, limited liability company interests, limited partnership 
interests or joint venture interests in any entity owning such Substitute 
Vessel and any leasehold interests to the extent that such Substitute 
Vessel is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in any CMRE 
Entity holding interests in such Substitute Vessel and including any 
charters or other agreements relating to the operation of such Substitute 
Vessel then in effect.
 
“Transfer” means any transfer, assignment, sale or other disposition of any 
Five-Year Vessel Interests by a CMRE Entity and, with respect to any JV 
Vessel Interests, a York Entity or a JV Entity, as applicable; provided, 
however, that such term shall not include: (a) transfers, assignments, 
sales or other dispositions from a CMRE Entity to another CMRE Entity, from 
a Partnership Group Member to another Partnership Group Member, from a York 
Entity to another York Entity (subject to Section 9.20), from a York Entity 
to a CMRE Entity, or from a CMRE Entity to a York Entity; (b) transfers, 
assignments, sales or other dispositions pursuant to the terms of any 
related charter or other agreement with a charter party or pursuant to a 
financing lease; (c) transfers, assignments, sales or other dispositions 
pursuant to Articles II or III of this Agreement; or (d) grants of security 
interests in or mortgages or liens on such Five-Year Vessel Interests in 
favor of a bona fide third party lender (but not the foreclosing of any 
such security interest, mortgage or lien).
 
“Transfer Notice” has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(a).
 
“Transferring Party” has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(a).
 
“Valence” means the containership vessel named the Valence currently 
registered under Terance Shipping Co. as the owner and with IMO No. 
9628180.
 
“Valence Interests” means all of CMRE’s rights, title and interests in the 
Valence, including the shares of capital stock, limited liability company 
interests, limited partnership interests or joint venture interests in any 
entity owning the Valence and any leasehold interests to the extent that 
the Valence is subject to a financing lease, or any other interests in any 
CMRE Entity holding interests in the Valence and including any charters or 
other agreements relating to the operation of the Valence then in effect.
 
“Voting Securities” means securities of any class of a Person entitling the 
holders thereof to vote in the election of members of the board of 
directors or other similar governing body of such Person.
 
“York Capital” is defined in the introduction to this Agreement.
 
“York Entity” means any person included in the definition of “York”, any 
York Fund or any of their respective Affiliates.
 
“York Funds” means together the investment funds formed or to be formed in 
the future for the purpose of holding JV Vessel Interests, which funds are 
managed or advised by York Capital or one of its Affiliates and being 
detailed in Schedule I, as amended from time to time.
 
For the avoidance of doubt, references in this Agreement to the “fair 
market value” of a vessel or interests in a vessel shall, where the context 
so admits, include any charter or other agreements relating to the 
applicable vessel or interest that are in effect at the time of such 
valuation.

10


ARTICLE II
 
FIVE-YEAR VESSEL RESTRICTED BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
 
Section 2.1. Five-Year Vessel Restricted Businesses. Following the 
Non-Compete Commencement Date, subject to Section 9.4 and except as 
permitted by Section 2.2 or pursuant to Section 4.1(a), each of the CMRE 
Entities and, during the Commitment Period (as such term is defined in the 
Framework Agreement), the York Entities and any JV Entity shall be 
prohibited from acquiring, owning, operating or chartering Five-Year 
Vessels or acquiring or owning Five-Year Vessel Interests.
 
Section 2.2. Permitted Exceptions. Notwithstanding any provision of 
Section 2.1 to the contrary, the restrictions in this Agreement shall not 
prevent any CMRE Entity, York Entity or any JV Entity, in each case, 
subject to the terms of the Framework Agreement, from:
 
(a) acquiring, owning, operating or chartering (i) any containership vessel 
owned, operated or chartered in, or contracted for, by a CMRE Entity, York 
Entity or JV Entity prior to the Non-Compete Commencement Date, subject, 
however, to Section 4.1 and Article V or (ii) any Non-Five-Year Vessel;
 
(b) acquiring one or more Five-Year Vessels if such CMRE Entity, or with 
respect to a JV Vessel, such York Entity or JV Entity, as applicable, 
offers to sell the applicable Five-Year Vessel Interests in question to the 
Partnership Group in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 
4.2;
 
(c) putting a Non-Five-Year Vessel under charter for five full years or 
more if either (i) it does not result in the vessel becoming a Five-Year 
Vessel or (ii) it results in the vessel becoming a Five-Year Vessel and 
such CMRE Entity, or with respect to a JV Vessel, such York Entity or JV 
Entity, as applicable, offers to sell the applicable Non-Five-Year Vessel 
Interests in question to the Partnership Group, in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in Section 4.2;
 
(d) acquiring Five-Year Vessel Interests as part of the acquisition of a 
controlling interest in a business or package of assets which includes 
owning, operating or chartering the applicable Five-Year Vessel(s); 
provided, however, that:
 
       (i) if less than a majority of the value of the business or assets
       acquired is attributable to Five-Year Vessel Interests, as
       determined in good faith by CMRE’s or York’s (as applicable) board
       of directors, the CMRE Entity or with respect to JV Vessel
       Interests, the York Entity or the JV Entity, as applicable, must
       offer to sell such Five-Year Vessel Interests to the Partnership
       Group for their fair market value plus any Break-up Costs in
       accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 4.2; and
        
       (ii) if a majority or more of the value of the business or assets
       acquired is attributable to Five-Year Vessel Interests, as
       determined in good faith by CMRE’s or York’s (as applicable) board
       of directors, CMRE, or with respect to JV Vessel Interests, the York
       Entity or the JV Entity, as applicable, shall notify the General
       Partner of the proposed acquisition in writing. The General Partner
       shall, not later than the 30th calendar day following receipt of
       such notice, notify CMRE, the York Entity or the JV Entity, as
       applicable, if it or any other Partnership Group Member wishes to
       acquire such Five-Year Vessel Interests forming part of that
       business or package of assets in cooperation and simultaneously with
       the CMRE Entity, the York Entity or JV Entity acquiring the
       Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests forming part of that business or
       package of assets. If the General Partner does not notify CMRE, the
       York Entity or the JV Entity of its intent to pursue the acquisition
       within such 30 calendar days, the CMRE Entity, the York Entity or JV
       Entity may proceed with the acquisition and then offer to sell such
       Five-Year Vessel Interests to the Partnership Group as provided in 
       subsection (i) above;
        
(e) acquiring up to a non-controlling equity ownership, voting or profit 
participation interest in any company, business or pool of assets or 
lending to or investing in the debt of any company, business or pool of 
assets;

11


(f) acquiring, owning, operating or chartering any Five-Year Vessel if the 
General Partner does not fulfill its obligation to purchase the applicable 
Five-Year Vessel Interests in accordance with the terms of any existing or 
future agreement;
 
(g) acquiring, owning, operating or chartering any Five-Year Vessel that is 
subject to an offer to purchase by a Partnership Group Member as described 
in paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, in each case pending the offer of the 
applicable Five-Year Vessel Interests to the General Partner and the 
General Partner’s determination pursuant to Section 4.2, whether to 
purchase the Five-Year Vessel Interests and, if the General Partner has 
determined to cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase such Five-Year 
Vessel Interests, pending the closing of such purchase;
 
(h) providing ship management services relating to any containership 
vessel;
 
(i) prior to the Non-Compete Commencement Date, owning, operating or 
chartering any Five-Year Vessel that CMRE, or with respect to a JV Vessel, 
a York Entity or a JV Entity, as applicable, owns or is under contract to 
purchase or charter in on the Closing Date and that is not part of the 
Partnership Group’s initial fleet on the Closing Date; or
 
(j) acquiring, owning, operating or chartering any Five-Year Vessel if the 
General Partner has previously advised CMRE or with respect to a JV Vessel, 
a York Entity or a JV Entity, as applicable, that it consents to such 
acquisition, ownership, operation or charter.
 
Section 2.3. Permitted Transactions. Nothing in this Agreement shall be 
interpreted to preclude any York Entity or, for the avoidance of doubt, 
York Capital or any of the funds managed or advised by York Capital or one 
of its Affiliates, from (a) investing in the debt of any container shipping 
company or any other person (whether as part of a loan-to-own strategy, 
with the aim to enter into debt-to-equity swaps or other forms of debt or 
capital restructuring of that business or person and the entry into any 
related transactions), (b) acquiring an interest in any containership 
vessel (whether or not a Five-Year Vessel or a Non-Five-Year Vessel) or an 
interest in a containership vessel owning entity (i) upon enforcement of 
security or in satisfaction of a judgment; (ii) following the exercise or 
realisation of any of its rights as a creditor to a business or any person 
(including, without limitation, by way of, or as a result of, 
debt-to-equity swaps; loan-to-own strategies or any other form of debt or 
capital restructuring); or (iii) by way of any other arrangement or 
transaction having a similar effect, but in the case of (a) and (b)(ii) and 
(iii), subject to Section 16.2 of the Framework Agreement (each a “
Permitted Transaction”).
 
ARTICLE III
 
NON-FIVE-YEAR VESSEL RESTRICTED BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
 
Section 3.1. Non-Five-Year Vessel Restricted Businesses. Following the 
Non-Compete Commencement Date, subject to Section 9.4 and except as 
permitted by Section 3.2, each Partnership Group Member shall be prohibited 
from acquiring, owning, operating or chartering Non-Five-Year Vessels or 
acquiring or owning Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests.
 
Section 3.2. Permitted Exceptions. Notwithstanding any provision of 
Section 3.1 to the contrary, the restrictions in this Agreement shall not 
prevent any Partnership Group Member from:
 
(a) owning, operating or chartering any Non-Five-Year Vessel that was 
previously a Five-Year Vessel owned, operated or chartered by any 
Partnership Group Member or a vessel forming part of the Partnership 
Group’s initial fleet on the Closing Date;
 
(b) acquiring Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests as part of the acquisition of 
a controlling interest in a business or package of assets and owning, 
operating or chartering the applicable Non-Five-Year Vessels; provided, 
however, that:
 
       (i) if less than a majority of the value of the business or assets
       acquired is attributable to Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests, as
       determined in good faith by the General Partner, such

12


       Partnership Group Member must offer to sell such Non-Five-Year
       Vessel Interests to CMRE for their fair market value plus any
       applicable Break-up Costs in accordance with the procedures set
       forth in Section 4.2; and
        
       (ii) if a majority or more of the value of the business or assets
       acquired is attributable to Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests, as
       determined in good faith by the General Partner, the MLP shall
       notify CMRE of the proposed acquisition in writing. CMRE shall, not
       later than the 30th calendar day following receipt of such notice,
       notify the General Partner if it or any other CMRE Entity wishes to
       acquire such Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests forming part of that
       business or package of assets in cooperation and simultaneously with
       the Partnership Group Member acquiring the Five-Year Vessels forming
       part of that business or package of assets. If CMRE does not notify
       the General Partner of its intent to pursue the acquisition within
       such 30 calendar days, the Partnership Group Member may proceed with
       the acquisition and then offer to sell such Non-Five-Year Vessel
       Interests to CMRE as provided in subsection (i) above;
        
(c) acquiring, owning, operating or chartering any Non-Five-Year Vessel 
that is subject to an offer to purchase by a CMRE Entity as described in 
paragraph (b) above pending the offer of the applicable Non-Five-Year 
Vessel Interests to CMRE and CMRE’s determination pursuant to Section 4.2 
whether to purchase the Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests and, if CMRE has 
determined to purchase or cause any CMRE Entity to purchase such 
Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests, pending the closing of such purchase; or
 
(d) acquiring, owning, operating or chartering Non-Five-Year Vessels if 
CMRE has previously advised the General Partner that it consents to such 
acquisition, ownership, operation or charter.
 
The parties acknowledge that any acquisition of a containership vessel by 
CMRE pursuant to this Section 3.2 may be subject to the applicable 
provisions of the Framework Agreement.
 
ARTICLE IV

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES PROCEDURES
 
Section 4.1. Procedures for Existing Non-Compete Vessels. Subject to 
Section 2.3 above, in the event that a CMRE Entity and, with respect to JV 
Vessels, a JV Entity, as applicable, owns or operates any containership 
vessel that constitutes a Five-Year Vessel as of the Non-Compete 
Commencement Date (each such containership vessel, a “Existing Non-Compete 
Vessel”), then at any time and from time to time within 36 months after (x) 
the Non-Compete Commencement Date or, if later, (y) the date of delivery to 
and acceptance by the charterer (in each case, the “Existing Non-Compete 
Notice Period”), CMRE and, with respect to any JV Vessel Interests, York 
shall notify the General Partner and offer the General Partner the right 
for a Partnership Group Member to purchase the relevant Existing 
Non-Compete Vessel Interests at fair market value; provided, however that, 
during the Existing Non-Compete Notice Period, CMRE and York will be 
subject to such requirement to provide notice and offer for purchase any 
Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests only if, at the time of such notice 
and offer, the relevant Existing Non-Compete Vessel constitutes a Five-Year 
Vessel; provided, further that if, at the end of the Existing Non-Compete 
Notice Period, any Existing Non-Compete Vessel constitutes a Five-Year 
Vessel and CMRE and, with respect to a JV Vessel which is an Existing 
Non-Compete Vessel that constitutes a Five-Year Vessel, York have not 
previously notified the General Partner and offered the Partnership Group 
the right to purchase the applicable Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests, 
the Partnership Group shall have the right to purchase such Existing 
Non-Compete Vessel Interests at the end of the Existing Non-Compete Notice 
Period. The Partnership Group will then provide, within 30 calendar days of 
receipt of notice pursuant to this section (or of the end of the Existing 
Non-Compete Notice Period pursuant to the second proviso to the immediately 
foregoing sentence) (with such 30 calendar days being the “Election 
Confirmation Period”), written notice to CMRE and, as applicable, York that 
either:
 
(a) the General Partner has elected not to cause any Partnership Group 
Member to purchase, as applicable, such Existing Non-Compete Vessel 
Interests, in which event CMRE, York or such York Entity or JV Entity, as 
applicable, and their respective Affiliates shall, subject to Section 
2.2(c) and to the other terms of this Agreement which expressly continue to 
apply to such Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interest following the lapse or

13


non-exercise (or deemed non-exercise) of such option (including any 
purchase rights that may arise under Article V) and any applicable 
provisions of the Framework Agreement, be forever free, to continue to own, 
operate, charter and dispose of (in accordance with Article V and Section 
9.20) such Existing Non-Compete Vessel; or
 
(b) the General Partner has elected to cause any Partnership Group Member 
to purchase, as applicable, such Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests (the 
“Election Notice”), in which event the following procedures shall be 
followed:
 
       (i) After the receipt of the Election Notice by CMRE and, with
       respect to any JV Vessel Interests, York, as applicable, the
       Partnership Group, CMRE and, with respect to any JV Vessel
       Interests, York, shall negotiate in good faith regarding the fair
       market value of the Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests that are
       subject to the Election Notice and the terms that are not specified
       in the form of the purchase agreement attached hereto as Annex A 
       (the “unspecified terms”) of the Election Notice on which the
       Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests will be sold to the applicable
       Partnership Group Member. If CMRE, the Partnership Group and, if
       applicable, York agree on the fair market value of the Existing
       Non-Compete Vessel Interests that are subject to the Election Notice
       and the unspecified terms of the Election Notice during the 30
       calendar-day period (the “Election Period”) after receipt by CMRE,
       and, as applicable, York of the Election Notice, the General Partner
       shall cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase, as applicable,
       the Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests on such terms as soon as
       commercially practicable after such agreement has been reached. The
       Parties agree to and accept the terms of the form of the purchase
       agreement attached hereto as Annex A, and such terms shall apply to
       the sale and purchase of any Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests
       pursuant to this Section 4.1, except to the extent otherwise
       mutually agreed by the applicable Parties.
        
       (ii) If CMRE, the Partnership Group and, as applicable, York are
       unable to agree on the fair market value of the Existing Non-Compete
       Vessel Interests that are subject to the Election Notice or the
       unspecified terms of the Election Notice during the Election Period,
       the General Partner shall appoint a Shipbroker prior to the fifth
       business day following the end of the Election Period to determine
       the fair market value of the Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests
       and/or the unspecified terms on which the CMRE, the Partnership
       Group and, with respect to any JV Vessel Interests, York are unable
       to agree. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the consideration
       shall be 100% cash. In determining the fair market value of the
       Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests and the unspecified terms on
       which the Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests are to be sold, the
       Shipbroker will have access to the proposed sale and purchase values
       and terms for the Election Notice submitted by CMRE, the Partnership
       Group and, with respect to any JV Vessel Interests, York, and to all
       information prepared by or on behalf of the Partnership Group
       relating to the Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests and reasonably
       requested by such Shipbroker.
        
       Such Shipbroker shall be required to determine the fair market value
       of the Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests and/or the unspecified
       terms on which the CMRE, the Partnership Group and, with respect to
       any JV Vessel Interests, York are unable to agree within 30 calendar
       days of its engagement and furnish CMRE, the Partnership Group and,
       with respect to JV Vessels, York its determination. The fees and
       expenses of the Shipbroker will be divided equally between CMRE, the
       Partnership Group and, with respect to any JV Vessel Interests,
       York. Upon receipt of such determination, the General Partner will
       have the option, but not the obligation:
        
           (A) to cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase the
           Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests for the fair market value,
           and on the unspecified terms determined by the Shipbroker, as
           soon as commercially practicable after determinations have been
           made; or
            
           (B) to elect not to cause any Partnership Group Member to
           purchase such Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests, in which
           event CMRE or, the York Entity or the JV Entity, as applicable,
           and their respective Affiliates shall, subject to the other
           terms of this Agreement which expressly continue to apply to
           such Existing Non-Compete Vessel

14


           Interests following the lapse or the non-exercise (or deemed
           non-exercise) of such option (including Article V) and any
           applicable provisions of the Framework Agreement, be forever
           free to continue to own, operate, charter and dispose of (in
           accordance with Article V and Section 9.20) such Existing
           Non-Compete Vessel. If the General Partner does not provide a
           notice of such election to CMRE or, as applicable, to the JV
           Entity, within 10 business days of the Shipbroker’s
           determination, it shall be deemed to have elected not to cause
           any Partnership Group Member to purchase such Existing
           Non-Compete Vessel Interests.
            
       (iii) If the General Partner chooses to exercise the option for a
       Partnership Group Member to purchase the Existing Non-Compete Vessel
       Interests, the applicable parties shall enter into a purchase and
       sale agreement for the purchase and sale of Existing Non-Compete
       Vessel Interests substantially in the form of the agreement attached
       hereto as Annex A. Pursuant to such purchase and sale agreement,
       CMRE, and with respect to any JV Vessel Interests, York shall be
       obligated to sell the Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests to the
       Partnership Group Member and the Partnership Group Member shall be
       obligated to purchase the Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests from
       CMRE and, with respect to any JV Vessel Interests, York.
        
       (iv) The decision to purchase the Existing Non-Compete Vessel
       Interests that are subject to the Election Notice, the fair market
       value to be paid for the Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests that
       are subject to the Election Notice, and the other terms of the
       purchase shall be initiated and proposed by Management but shall be
       subject to approval by the Conflicts Committee.
        
(c) If the General Partner does not provide an Election Notice to CMRE and, 
with respect to any JV Vessel Interests, York within the Election 
Confirmation Period, the General Partner shall be deemed to have chosen not 
to cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase, as applicable, the 
relevant Existing Non-Compete Vessel Interests and the provisions of 
Section 4.1(a) above shall apply.
 
Section 4.2. Procedures for New Non-Compete Vessels. Subject to Section 2.3 
above, following the Non-Compete Commencement Date, in the event that (a) a 
Partnership Group Member acquires, operates or puts under charter 
Non-Five-Year Vessels in accordance with Section 3.2(b)(i), or (b) a CMRE 
Entity or, with respect to any JV Vessel, a JV Entity, as applicable, 
acquires, operates or puts under charter Five-Year Vessels in accordance 
with Section 2.2(b), (c) or (d)(i), in any such case “New Non-Compete 
Vessels”, then not later than (i) 36 months after delivery to the 
charterer, with respect to newbuild New-Non-Compete Vessels or (ii) 24 
months after the consummation of the acquisition or the commencement of 
operations or charter, with respect to secondhand New-Non-Compete Vessels 
(the “New Non-Compete Notice Period”), such acquiring entity (the “
Acquiring Party”) shall notify (i) CMRE, in the case of an acquisition by a 
Partnership Group Member or (ii) the General Partner, in the case of an 
acquisition by a CMRE Entity and, with respect to any potential JV Vessel, 
a JV Entity, and offer such party to be notified (each an “Offeree”) the 
right for any CMRE Entity, JV Entity or Partnership Group Member, as 
applicable, to purchase the relevant New Non-Compete Vessel Interests, as 
applicable (the “Offered Assets”), for their fair market value (or, in the 
case of an acquisition in accordance with Section 2.2(b), if the offer is 
given substantially simultaneously with the acquisition giving rise to the 
option in this Section 4.2, the acquisition price) plus, in the case of an 
acquisition in accordance with Sections 2.2(b), 2.2(d)(i) or 3.2(b)(i), if 
the offer is given substantially simultaneously with the acquisition giving 
rise to the option in this Section 4.2, any applicable Break-up Costs, in 
each case on commercially reasonable terms in accordance with this Section 
4.2 (the “Offer”); provided, however that, during the New Non-Compete 
Notice Period, (a) a Partnership Group Member will be subject to such 
requirement to provide the Offer to CMRE for purchase any New Non-Compete 
Vessel Interests only if, at the time of such Offer, the relevant New 
Non-Compete Vessel is a Non-Five-Year Vessel and (b) CMRE and, with respect 
to any JV Vessel Interests, York and any JV Entity will be subject to such 
requirement to provide the Offer to the General Partner for purchase any 
New Non-Compete Vessel Interests only if, at the time of such Offer, the 
relevant New Non-Compete Vessel is a Five-Year Vessel; provided, further 
that if, at the end of the New Non-Compete Notice Period, any New 
Non-Compete Vessel is a Five-Year Vessel and CMRE and York have not 
previously notified the General Partner and offered the Partnership Group 
the right to purchase the applicable New Non-Compete Vessel Interests, the 
Partnership Group shall have the right to purchase such New Non-Compete 
Vessel Interests at the end of the New Non-Compete Notice Period and the 
Acquiring Party shall at that time

15


provide the Offer. The Offer shall set forth the Acquiring Party’s proposed 
terms relating to the purchase of the Offered Assets by the applicable CMRE 
Entity and, with respect to any potential JV Vessel Interests, a JV Entity 
agreed by York and CMRE or Partnership Group Member, including any 
liabilities to be assumed by the applicable CMRE Entity and, with respect 
to any potential JV Vessel Interests, JV Entity, as applicable, or 
Partnership Group Member as part of the Offer. As soon as practicable after 
the Offer is made, the Acquiring Party will deliver to the Offeree all 
information prepared by or on behalf of or in the possession of such 
Acquiring Party relating to the Offered Assets and reasonably requested by 
the Offeree. As soon as practicable, but in any event, within 30 calendar 
days after receipt of the Offer, the Offeree shall notify the Acquiring 
Party in writing that either:
 
(a) CMRE and, with respect to any potential JV Vessel Interests, a JV 
Entity, as applicable, have elected not to purchase (or not to cause any of 
their respective permitted Affiliates to purchase) or the General Partner 
has elected not to cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase, as 
applicable, such Offered Assets, in which event the Acquiring Party and its 
Affiliates shall, subject to Section 2.2(c) and to the other terms of this 
Agreement which expressly continue to apply to such Offered Assets 
following the lapse or the non-exercise (or deemed non exercise) of such 
option (including any purchase rights that may arise under Article V) and 
any applicable provisions of the Framework Agreement, be forever free to 
continue to own, operate, charter and dispose of (in accordance with 
Article V and Section 9.20) such Offered Assets. If no notice is provided 
by the Offeree under this clause (a) within 30 calendar days after receipt 
of the Offer, it shall be deemed to have notified of its election not to 
purchase, and not to cause any other person to purchase, the Offered 
Assets; or
 
(b) CMRE and, with respect to any potential JV Vessel Interests, a JV 
Entity, as applicable, have elected to purchase (or to cause any of their 
respective permitted Affiliates to purchase) or the General Partner has 
elected to cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase, as applicable, 
such Offered Assets, in which event the following procedures shall be 
followed:
 
       (i) After the receipt of the Offer by the Offeree, the Acquiring
       Party and the Offeree shall negotiate in good faith regarding the
       fair market value (and any applicable Break-up Costs) of the Offered
       Assets that are subject to the Offer and the other unspecified terms
       of the Offer on which the Offered Assets will be sold to the
       applicable CMRE Entity and, with respect to any potential JV Vessel
       Interests, a JV Entity, or Partnership Group Member. If the
       Acquiring Party and the Offeree agree on the fair market value (and
       any applicable Break-up Costs) of the Offered Assets that are
       subject to the Offer and the unspecified terms of the Offer during
       the 30-day period (the “Offer Period”) after receipt by the
       Acquiring Party of CMRE’s and, as applicable, a JV Entity’s election
       to purchase (or election to cause any of its respective permitted
       Affiliates to purchase) or of the General Partner’s election to
       cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase, as applicable, the
       Offered Assets, CMRE and, with respect to any potential JV Vessel
       Interests, a JV Entity, as applicable, shall purchase (or cause any
       of their respective permitted Affiliates to purchase) or the General
       Partner shall cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase, as
       applicable, the Offered Assets on such terms as soon as commercially
       practicable after such agreement has been reached. The Parties agree
       to and accept the terms of the form of the purchase agreement
       attached hereto as Annex A, and such terms shall apply to the sale
       and purchase of any New Non-Compete Vessel Interests pursuant to
       this Section 4.2, except to the extent otherwise mutually agreed by
       the applicable Parties.
        
       (ii) If the Acquiring Party and the Offeree are unable to agree on
       the fair market value (and any applicable Break-up Costs) of the
       Offered Assets that are subject to the Offer or on any of the Offer
       terms during the Offer Period, the General Partner shall appoint a
       Shipbroker prior to the fifth business day following the end of the
       Offer Period to determine the fair market value of the Offered
       Assets and/or the unspecified terms on which the Acquiring Party and
       the Offeree are unable to agree. Unless otherwise agreed by the
       parties, the consideration shall be 100% cash. In determining the
       fair market value of the Offered Assets and unspecified terms on
       which the Offered Assets are to be sold, the Shipbroker will have
       access to the proposed sale and purchase values and terms for the
       Offer submitted by the Acquiring Party and the Offeree,
       respectively, and to all information prepared by or on behalf of the
       Acquiring Party and the Offeree relating to the Offered Assets and
       reasonably requested by such Shipbroker.

16


       Such Shipbroker shall be required to determine the fair market value
       (and any applicable Break-up Costs) of the Offered Assets and/or the
       unspecified terms on which the Acquiring Party and the Offeree are
       unable to agree within 30 calendar days of its engagement and
       furnish the Acquiring Party and the Offeree its determination. The
       fees and expenses of the Shipbroker will be divided equally between
       the Acquiring Party and the Offeree; provided that with respect to
       any JV Vessel Interests, such fees and expenses will be divided
       equally between the CMRE Entity, York and the Partnership Group
       Member. Upon receipt of such determination, the Offeree will have
       the option, but not the obligation:
        
           (A) in the case that the Offeree is CMRE and, with respect to
           any potential JV Vessel Interests, a JV Entity, as applicable,
           to purchase or cause any of their respective/permitted
           Affiliates to purchase, or in the case that the Offeree is the
           General Partner, to cause any Partnership Group Member to
           purchase the Offered Assets for the fair market value (and any
           applicable Break-up Costs), and on the unspecified terms
           determined by the Shipbroker, as soon as commercially
           practicable after determinations have been made; or
            
           (B) in the case that the Offeree is CMRE and, with respect to
           any potential JV Vessel Interests, a JV Entity, as applicable,
           to elect not to purchase or to cause any of their respective
           permitted Affiliates to purchase, or in the case that the
           Offeree is the General Partner, to elect not to cause any
           Partnership Group Member to purchase such Offered Assets, in
           which event the Acquiring Party and its Affiliates shall,
           subject to Section 2.2(c) and to the other terms of this
           Agreement which expressly continue to apply to such Offered
           Assets following the lapse or the non-exercise (or deemed
           non-exercise) of such option (including Article V) and any
           applicable provisions of the Framework Agreement, be forever
           free to continue to own, operate and dispose of (in accordance
           with Article V and Section 9.20) such Offered Assets. If the
           Offeree does not provide a notice of such election to CMRE, the
           JV Entity or, as applicable, the General Partner, within 10
           business days of the Shipbroker’s determination, it shall be
           deemed to have elected not to purchase and not to cause their
           respective Affiliates to purchase such Offered Assets and
           subject to the other terms of this Agreement and any applicable
           provisions of the Framework Agreement, the Acquiring Party shall
           be forever free, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to
           continue to own, operate, charter and dispose of (in accordance
           with Article V and Section 9.20) the containership vessel in
           question.
            
       (iii) The decision to purchase the Offered Assets, the fair market
       value to be paid for the Offered Assets, and the other terms of the
       purchase shall be initiated and proposed by Management but shall be
       subject to approval by the Conflicts Committee.
        
Section 4.3. Scope of Prohibition. If CMRE, any York Entity, any 
Partnership Group Member or any of their respective Affiliates engages in 
the ownership or operation of Five-Year Vessels or , as applicable, 
Five-Year Vessel Interests in the case of a CMRE Entity, and in the case of 
JV Vessels or, as applicable, JV Vessel Interests which are Five-Year 
Vessels or, as applicable, Five-Year Vessel Interests, a JV Entity or York 
Entity, as applicable, or Non-Five-Year Vessels or, as applicable, 
Non-Five-Year Vessel Interests in the case of a Partnership Group Member, 
pursuant to any of the exceptions described in Sections 2.2 or 3.2, as 
applicable, the relevant Party and its Affiliates may not subsequently 
expand that portion of their business other than pursuant to the exceptions 
contained in such Sections 2.2 or 3.2; provided that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the provisions of Section 2.3 shall be applicable to and binding 
upon the Parties. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement 
or the MLP Agreement, each Party and its Affiliates shall be free to engage 
in any business activity whatsoever, including those that may be in direct 
competition with the CMRE Entities, JV Entities, the York Entities or the 
Partnership Group Members.
 
Section 4.4. Enforcement; Consents.
 
(a) Each Party agrees and acknowledges that the other Parties do not have 
an adequate remedy at law for the breach by any such Party of its covenants 
and agreements set forth in this Article IV, and that any breach

17


by any such Party of its covenants and agreements set forth in this 
Article IV would result in irreparable injury to such other Parties. Each 
Party further agrees and acknowledges that any other Party may, in addition 
to the other remedies which may be available to such other Party, file a 
suit in equity to enjoin such Party from such breach, and consent to the 
issuance of injunctive relief to enforce the provisions of this Article IV
.
 
(b) The Parties acknowledge that the business opportunity procedures set 
forth in this Article IV are subject to obtaining any and all written 
consents of governmental authorities and other third parties and to the 
terms of all agreements existing in respect of the Offered Assets. Each 
Party hereby covenants and agrees to use its commercially reasonable 
efforts to obtain any such consents required to be obtained by it in 
connection with giving effect to the business opportunity procedures set 
forth in this Article IV.
 
ARTICLE V
 
RIGHTS OF FIRST OFFER
 
Section 5.1. Rights of First Offer.
 
(a) The CMRE Entities, and, with respect to any JV Vessels Interests, the 
JV Entities and York Entities, as applicable, hereby grant the MLP a right 
of first offer on any proposed Transfer of any Five-Year Vessel Interests 
owned or acquired by any CMRE Entity, and, with respect to any JV Vessel 
Interests, any JV Entity or York Entity, as applicable.
 
(b) The Parties acknowledge that all potential Transfers of Five-Year 
Vessel Interests pursuant to this Article V are subject to obtaining any 
and all written consents of governmental authorities and other 
non-affiliated third parties and to the terms of all existing agreements in 
respect of such Five-Year Vessel Interests. Each Party hereby covenants and 
agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any such 
consents required to be obtained by it in connection with giving effect to 
the procedures set forth in this Article V.
 
Section 5.2. Procedures for Rights of First Offer.
 
(a) In the event that a CMRE Entity, and, with respect to any JV Vessel 
Interests, a JV Entity or a York Entity, as applicable, (a “Transferring 
Party”) proposes to Transfer any Five-Year Vessel Interests (the “Sale 
Assets”), prior to engaging in any negotiation for such Transfer with any 
non-affiliated third party or otherwise offering to Transfer the Sale 
Assets to any non-affiliated third party, such Transferring Party shall 
give the General Partner (a “Potential Transferee”), written notice setting 
forth all material terms and conditions (including, without limitation, the 
purchase price or the terms of the charter agreement and a description of 
the Sale Asset(s)) on which such Transferring Party desires to Transfer the 
Sale Assets (a “Transfer Notice”).
 
(b) After delivery of a Transfer Notice, the Transferring Party then shall 
be obligated to negotiate in good faith for a 30-day period following the 
delivery by the Transferring Party of the Transfer Notice (the “First Offer 
Negotiation Period”) to reach an agreement for the Transfer of such Sale 
Assets to the Potential Transferee or any of its Affiliates on the terms 
and conditions set forth in the Transfer Notice. If no such agreement with 
respect to the Sale Assets is reached during the First Offer Negotiation 
Period, the Transferring Party will be permitted to Transfer, or agree in 
writing to Transfer, such Sale Assets to a third party within 180 calendar 
days after the end of the First Offer Negotiation Period, provided that the 
terms of such Transfer are generally no less favorable to the Transferring 
Party than those included in the Transfer Notice. If no such agreement with 
respect to the Sale Assets is reached during the First Offer Negotiation 
Period, and the Transferring Party has not Transferred, or agreed in 
writing to Transfer, such Sale Assets to a third party within 180 calendar 
days after the end of the First Offer Negotiation Period on terms generally 
no less favorable to the Transferring Party than those included in the 
Transfer Notice, then the Transferring Party shall not thereafter Transfer 
any of the Sale Assets without first offering such assets to the applicable 
Potential Transferee in the manner provided above.
 
ARTICLE VI
 
EXISTING VESSEL INTERESTS PURCHASE OPTION
 
Section 6.1. Option to Purchase the Valence Interests.

18


(a) CMRE hereby grants to the Partnership Group the unconditional right and 
option to purchase for fair market value at any time and from time to time 
within 12 months after the Closing Date, all of the Valence Interests (or, 
pursuant to Section 6.2, the Substitute Vessel Interests).
 
(b) The Parties acknowledge that the potential transfer of the Valence 
Interests, pursuant to this Article VI is subject to obtaining any and all 
written consents of governmental authorities and other third parties and to 
the terms of all agreements existing as of the date hereof in respect of 
the Valence Interests, including, without limitation, any rights of first 
refusal of the parties to such agreements to purchase the Valence Interests 
and the consummation of the acquisition of such containership vessel, as 
applicable. CMRE hereby covenants and agrees to use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to obtain any such consents required to be obtained by 
it in connection with the transfer of the Valence Interests, pursuant to 
this Article VI.
 
Section 6.2. Procedures.
 
(a) If the General Partner decides to exercise the option for a Partnership 
Group Member to purchase the Valence Interests, it will provide, within 12 
months of the Closing Date, written notice to CMRE of such exercise, the 
fair market value it proposes to pay for the Valence Interests, and the 
other material terms of the purchase (the “Existing Option Exercise Notice
”). The decision to purchase the Valence Interests that are subject to the 
Existing Option Exercise Notice, the fair market value to be paid for the 
Valence Interests that are subject to the Existing Option Exercise Notice, 
and the unspecified terms of the purchase shall be initiated and proposed 
by the General Partner but shall be subject to approval by the Conflicts 
Committee; provided that CMRE has the option, exercisable in its sole 
discretion either before or within the Existing Option Exercise Period (as 
defined below), to replace the Valence Interests with the Substitute Vessel 
Interests, in which case the provisions of Section 6.1(b) and the remaining 
provisions of this Section 6.2 shall apply to such Substitute Vessel 
Interests instead of the Valence Interests. If CMRE exercises such option 
within the Existing Option Exercise Period, the Existing Option Exercise 
Period shall be extended for a period of 30 calendar days from date of such 
exercise and the General Partner shall be permitted to revise the Existing 
Option Exercise Notice to reflect the potential purchase of the Substitute 
Vessel Interests instead of the Valence Interests. If the Partnership Group 
Member and CMRE are unable to agree on the fair market value of the Valence 
Interests that are subject to the Existing Option Exercise Notice and/or 
the unspecified terms of the Existing Option Exercise Notice during the 
30-day period (the “Existing Option Exercise Period”) after receipt by CMRE 
of the Existing Option Exercise Notice, the General Partner shall appoint a 
Shipbroker prior to the fifth business day following the end of the 
Existing Option Exercise Period to determine the fair market value of the 
Valence Interests and/or the unspecified terms on which the Partnership 
Group Member and CMRE are unable to agree. Unless otherwise agreed by the 
parties, the consideration shall be 100% cash. In determining the fair 
market value of the Valence Interests and/or the unspecified terms on which 
the Valence Interests are to be sold, the Shipbroker will have access to 
the proposed sale and purchase values and terms for the Existing Option 
Exercise Notice submitted by the Partnership Group Member and CMRE, 
respectively, and to all information prepared by or on behalf of the 
Partnership Group Member and CMRE with respect to the Valence Interests and 
reasonably requested by such Shipbroker. Such Shipbroker shall be required 
to determine the fair market value of the Valence Interests and/or the 
unspecified terms on which the Partnership Group Member and CMRE are unable 
to agree within 30 calendar days of its engagement and furnish the 
Partnership Group Member and CMRE its determination. The fees and expenses 
of the Shipbroker will be divided equally between the Partnership Group 
Member and CMRE. Upon receipt of such determination, the Partnership Group 
Member will have the option, but not the obligation in to purchase the 
Valence Interests for the fair market value and on the unspecified terms 
determined by the Shipbroker, as soon as commercially practicable after 
such determinations have been made.
 
(b) If the General Partner chooses to exercise the option for a Partnership 
Group Member to purchase the Valence Interests, the applicable parties 
shall enter into a purchase and sale agreement for the purchase and sale of 
the Valence Interests substantially in the form of the agreement attached 
hereto as Annex A. Pursuant to such purchase and sale agreement, CMRE shall 
be obligated to sell the Valence Interests to the Partnership Group Member 
and the Partnership Group Member shall be obligated to purchase the Valence 
Interests from CMRE. The Parties agree to and accept the terms of the form 
of the purchase agreement attached hereto as Annex A, and such terms shall 
apply to the sale and purchase of the Valence Interests pursuant to this 
Article VI, except to the extent otherwise mutually agreed by the 
applicable Parties.

19


(c) If the General Partner (i) chooses or is deemed to have chosen not to 
exercise the option for a Partnership Group Member to purchase the Valence 
Interests at the price determined by the Shipbroker under Section 6.2 (a) 
or (ii) does not exercise the option for a Partnership Group Member to 
purchase the Valence Interests within 12 months of the Closing Date, all 
future rights to purchase the Valence Interests by the Partnership Group 
will be extinguished (subject to any purchase rights that may arise under 
Article V).
 
ARTICLE VII
 
NEW BUILD INTERESTS PURCHASE OPTION
 
Section 7.1. Option to Purchase the New Build Interests
 
(a) CMRE and York hereby agree to offer to the Partnership Group the right 
and option to purchase for fair market value all of the Hull NCP0113 
Interests, Hull NCP0114 Interests, Hull NCP0115 Interests, Hull NCP0116 
Interests, Hull S2121 Interests, Hull S2122 Interests, Hull S2123 
Interests, Hull S2124 Interests and Hull S2125 Interests (each, a “New 
Build Interest” and collectively, the “New Build Interests”) at any time 
within 36 months after any of Hull NCP0113, Hull NCP0114, Hull NCP0115, 
Hull NCP0116, Hull S2121, Hull S2122, Hull S2123, Hull S2124 or Hull S2125 
has been accepted by its charterer (such 36-month period with respect to 
each New Build Interest, the “New Build Interest Option Period”) according 
to the procedures set forth in Section 7.2 of this Agreement.
 
(b) The Parties acknowledge that the potential transfer of the New Build 
Interests, as applicable, pursuant to this Article VII is subject to 
obtaining any and all written consents of governmental authorities and 
other third parties and to the terms of all agreements existing as of the 
date hereof in respect of the New Build Interest, as applicable, including, 
without limitation, any rights of first refusal of the parties to such 
agreements to purchase the New Build Interest, as applicable. Each of CMRE 
and York hereby covenants and agrees to use its commercially reasonable 
efforts to obtain any such consents required to be obtained by it in 
connection with the transfer of each of the New Build Interest pursuant to 
this Article VII.
 
Section 7.2. Procedures.
 
(a) CMRE and York shall, at any time and from time to time within the New 
Build Interest Option Period, notify the General Partner and offer the 
General Partner the right to cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase 
the Hull NCP0113 Interests, Hull NCP0114 Interests, Hull NCP0115 Interests, 
Hull NCP0116 Interests, Hull S2121 Interests, Hull S2122 Interests, Hull 
S2123 Interests, Hull S2124 Interests and Hull S2125 Interests, as 
applicable (the “Applicable New Build Interests” and the applicable 
containership vessel, the “Applicable New Build Vessel”) for fair market 
value pursuant to Section 7.1(a); provided, however that, during the 
relevant New Build Interest Option Period, CMRE and York will be subject to 
such requirement to provide notice and offer the Applicable New Build 
Vessel Interests only if, at the time of such notice and offer, the 
Applicable New Build Vessel constitutes a Five-Year Vessel; provided, 
further that if, at the end of the New Build Interest Option Period, any 
Applicable New Build Vessel constitutes a Five-Year Vessel and CMRE and 
York have not previously notified the General Partner and offered the 
General Partner the right to cause any Partnership Group Member to purchase 
the relevant Applicable New Build Vessel Interests, the Partnership Group 
shall have the right to purchase the relevant Applicable New Build Vessel 
Interests at the end of the New Build Interest Option Period and CMRE and 
York shall at that time offer the relevant Applicable New Build Vessel 
Interests.
 
(b) If the General Partner decides to exercise the option for a Partnership 
Group Member to purchase the Applicable New Build Interests, it will 
provide, within 10 business days of receipt of notice and offer to purchase 
pursuant to Section 7.2(a) (or of the last day of the New Build Interest 
Option Period, if the last proviso of Section 7.2(a) applies), written 
notice to CMRE and York of such exercise and the fair market value it 
proposes to pay for the Applicable New Build Interests (the “New Build 
Option Exercise Notice”). The decision to purchase the Applicable New Build 
Interests subject to the New Build Option Exercise Notice and the fair 
market value to be paid for the Applicable New Build Interests subject to 
the New Build Option Exercise Notice shall be initiated and proposed by 
Management but shall be subject to approval by the Conflicts Committee. If 
the Partnership Group Member, York and CMRE are unable to agree on the fair 
market value of the Applicable New Build Interests that are subject to the 
New Build Option Exercise Notice and the unspecified terms of the New Build 
Option Exercise Notice during the 30-day period (the “New Build Option 
Exercise Period”) after receipt by CMRE of the New

20


Build Option Exercise Notice, the General Partner shall appoint a 
Shipbroker prior to the fifth business day following the end of the New 
Build Option Exercise Period to determine the fair market value of the 
Applicable New Build Interests and/or the unspecified terms on which the 
Partnership Group Member and CMRE are unable to agree. Unless otherwise 
agreed by the parties, the consideration shall be 100% cash. In determining 
the fair market value of the Applicable New Build Interests and/or the 
unspecified terms on which the Applicable New Build Interests are to be 
sold, the Shipbroker will have access to the proposed sale and purchase 
values and terms for the New Build Option Exercise Notice submitted by the 
Partnership Group Member, York and CMRE, respectively, and to all 
information prepared by or on behalf of the Partnership Group Member, York 
and CMRE with respect to the Applicable New Build Interests and reasonably 
requested by such Shipbroker. Such Shipbroker shall be required to 
determine the fair market value of the Applicable New Build Interests 
and/or the unspecified terms on which the Partnership Group Member, York 
and CMRE are unable to agree within 30 calendar days of its engagement and 
furnish the Partnership Group Member, York and CMRE its determination. The 
fees and expenses of the Shipbroker will be divided equally between the 
Partnership Group Member, York and CMRE. Upon receipt of such 
determination, the Partnership Group Member will have the option, but not 
the obligation to purchase the Applicable New Build Interests for the fair 
market value and on the other terms determined by the Shipbroker, as soon 
as commercially practicable after such determinations have been made.
 
(c) If the General Partner chooses to exercise the option for a Partnership 
Group Member to purchase the Applicable New Build Interests under Section 
7.2(b), the applicable parties shall enter into a purchase and sale 
agreement for the purchase and sale of the Applicable New Build Interests 
substantially in the form of the agreement attached hereto as Annex A. 
Pursuant to such purchase and sale agreement, CMRE shall be obligated to 
sell the Applicable New Build Interests to the Partnership Group Member and 
the Partnership Group Member shall be obligated to purchase the Applicable 
New Build Interests from CMRE. The MLP, York and CMRE agree to and accept 
the terms of the form of the purchase agreement attached hereto as Annex A
, and such terms shall apply to any purchase and sale of the New Build 
Interests pursuant to this Article VII, except to the extent otherwise 
mutually agreed by the applicable Parties.
 
(d) If the General Partner notifies CMRE and York that it chooses not to 
exercise the option for a Partnership Group Member to purchase the 
Applicable New Build Interests at the price determined by the Shipbroker 
under Section 7.1(b), all future rights to purchase the Applicable New 
Build Interests by the Partnership Group will be extinguished. If the 
General Partner (i) does not provide CMRE and York with a New Build Option 
Exercise Notice within 10 business days of receipt of notice and offer to 
purchase pursuant to Section 7.2(a) (or of the last day of the New Build 
Interest Option Period, if the last proviso of Section 7.2(a) applies), the 
General Partner shall be deemed to have chosen not to exercise the option 
for a Partnership Group Member to purchase the Applicable New Build 
Interest in accordance with this paragraph (d) and all future rights to 
purchase the Applicable New Build Interests by the Partnership Group will 
be extinguished (subject to any purchase rights that may arise under 
Article V).
 
ARTICLE VIII
 
INDEMNIFICATION
 
Section 8.1. CMRE Indemnification. Subject to the provisions of Section 8.2 
and Section 8.3, CMRE shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the 
Partnership Group from and against: (a) any Covered Environmental Losses 
relating to the assets contributed by the CMRE Entities to the Partnership 
Group prior to or on the Closing Date (the “Contribution Assets”) to the 
extent that CMRE is notified by the MLP of any such Covered Environmental 
Losses within five years after the Closing Date; (b) Losses to the 
Partnership Group arising from (i) the failure of the Partnership Group, 
immediately after the Closing Date, to be the owner of such valid leasehold 
interests or fee ownership interests in and to the Contribution Assets as 
are necessary to enable the Partnership Entities to own and operate the 
Contribution Assets in substantially the same manner that the Contribution 
Assets were owned and operated by the CMRE Entities immediately prior to 
the respective dates on which each such Contribution Asset was acquired by 
the Partnership Entities or (ii) the failure of the Partnership Entities to 
have by the Closing Date any consent or governmental permit necessary to 
allow the Partnership Entities to own or operate the Contribution Assets in 
substantially the same manner that the Contribution Assets were owned and 
operated by the CMRE Entities immediately prior to the respective dates on 
which each such Contribution Asset was acquired by the Partnership 
Entities, in each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, to the extent that CMRE is 
notified by

21


the MLP of such Losses within three years after the Closing Date; and (c) 
all federal, state, foreign and local income tax liabilities attributable 
to the operation of the Contribution Assets prior to the Closing Date, 
including any such income tax liabilities of the CMRE Entities that may 
result from the consummation of the formation transactions for the 
Partnership Group and the MLP, but excluding any federal, state, foreign 
and local income taxes reserved on the books of the Partnership Group on 
the Closing Date.
 
Section 8.2. Limitation Regarding Indemnification. The aggregate liability 
of CMRE under Section 8.1(a) above shall not exceed $5,000,000 for all 
relevant containership vessels. Furthermore, no claim may be made against 
CMRE for indemnification pursuant to Section 8.1(a), unless the aggregate 
dollar amount of all claims for indemnification pursuant to such section 
shall exceed $500,000, in which case CMRE shall be liable for claims for 
indemnification only to the extent such aggregate amount exceeds $500,000.
 
Section 8.3. Indemnification Procedures.
 
(a) The Partnership Group Members agree that within a reasonable period of 
time after they become aware of facts giving rise to a claim for 
indemnification pursuant to Section 8.1, they will provide notice thereof 
in writing to CMRE specifying the nature of and specific basis for such 
claim.
 
(b) CMRE shall have the right to control all aspects of the defense of (and 
any counterclaims with respect to) any claims brought against the 
Partnership Group that are covered by the indemnification set forth in 
Section 8.1, including, without limitation, the selection of counsel, 
determination of whether to appeal any decision of any court and the 
settling of any such matter or any issues relating thereto; provided, 
however, that no such settlement shall be entered into without the consent 
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the Partnership Group 
unless it includes (i) a full release of the Partnership Group from such 
matter or issues, as the case may be and (ii) no admission of fault or 
wrong doing on the part of any member of the Partnership Group.
 
(c) The Partnership Group Members agree to cooperate fully with CMRE with 
respect to all aspects of the defense of any claims covered by the 
indemnification set forth in Section 8.1, including, without limitation, 
the prompt furnishing to CMRE of any correspondence or other notice 
relating thereto that the Partnership Group may receive, permitting the 
names of the members of the Partnership Group to be utilized in connection 
with such defense, the making available to CMRE of any files, records or 
other information of the Partnership Group that CMRE considers relevant to 
such defense and the making available to CMRE of any employees of the 
Partnership Group; provided, however, that in connection therewith CMRE 
agrees to use reasonable efforts to minimize the impact thereof on the 
operations of the Partnership Group and further agrees to maintain the 
confidentiality of all files, records and other information furnished by a 
Partnership Group Member pursuant to this Section 8.3 (except as the 
Partnership Group may consent). In no event shall the obligation of the 
Partnership Group to cooperate with CMRE as set forth in the immediately 
preceding sentence be construed as imposing upon the Partnership Group an 
obligation to hire and pay for counsel in connection with the defense of 
any claims covered by the indemnification set forth in this Article VIII; 
provided, however, that the Partnership Group Members may, at their own 
option, cost and expense, hire and pay for counsel in connection with any 
such defense. CMRE agrees to keep any such counsel hired by the Partnership 
Group reasonably informed as to the status of any such defense (including 
providing such counsel with such information related to any such defense as 
such counsel may reasonably request) but CMRE shall have the right to 
retain sole control over such defense.
 
(d) In determining the amount of any Loss for which any of the members of 
the Partnership Group is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, 
the gross amount of the indemnification will be reduced by (i) any 
insurance proceeds realized by the Partnership Group, and such correlative 
insurance benefit shall be net of any incremental insurance premium that 
becomes due and payable by the Partnership Group as a result of such claim, 
and (ii) all amounts recovered by the Partnership Group under contractual 
indemnities from third Persons. The Partnership Group hereby agrees to use 
commercially reasonable efforts to realize any applicable insurance 
proceeds or amounts recoverable under such contractual indemnities; 
provided, however, that the costs and expenses (including, without 
limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) of the Partnership 
Group in connection with such efforts shall be promptly reimbursed by CMRE 
in advance of any determination of whether such insurance proceeds or other 
amounts will be recoverable.

22


ARTICLE IX
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 9.1. Choice of Law; Submission To Jurisdiction. This Agreement 
shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the State of New York. Each 
party hereby submits to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts 
located in the State of New York and to venue in New York, New York.
 
Section 9.2. Notice. All notices, requests or consents provided for or 
permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement must be in writing and 
must be given by depositing the same in the mail, addressed to the Person 
to be notified, postpaid, and registered or certified with return receipt 
requested or by delivering such notice in person or by private-courier, 
prepaid, or by telecopier or electronic mail to such party. Notice given by 
personal delivery or mail shall be effective upon actual receipt. Couriered 
notices shall be deemed delivered on the date the courier represents that 
delivery will occur. Notice given by telecopier or by electronic mail shall 
be effective upon actual receipt if received during the recipient’s normal 
business hours, or at the beginning of the recipient’s next business day 
after receipt if not received during the recipient’s normal business hours. 
All notices to be sent to a party pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent 
to or made at the address set forth below such party’s signature to this 
Agreement, or at such other address as such party may stipulate to the 
other parties in the manner provided in this Section 9.2.
 
Section 9.3. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement of the parties relating to the matters contained herein, 
superseding all prior contracts or agreements, whether oral or written, 
relating to the matters contained herein.
 
Section 9.4. Termination. Upon a Change of Control of the General Partner 
or of the MLP, the provisions of Articles II, III, IV and V of this 
Agreement shall terminate immediately. Upon a Change of Control of CMRE, 
the provisions of Articles II, III, IV and V of this Agreement applicable 
to any CMRE Entity, York or the JV Entities shall terminate at the time 
that is the later of (a) the date on which all of the MLP’s outstanding 
subordinated units have converted to common units of the MLP and (b) the 
date of the Change of Control of CMRE. In addition, if the General Partner 
exercises its right to delegate management of the MLP to a board of 
directors of the MLP, then on the date on which a majority of the directors 
of the MLP ceases to consist of directors that were (1) appointed by the 
General Partner and (2) recommended for election by a majority of the 
appointed directors, the provisions of Articles II, III, IV and V 
applicable to CMRE and, as applicable, York or a JV Entity shall terminate 
immediately.
 
Section 9.5. Waiver; Effect of Waiver or Consent. Any party hereto may (a) 
extend the time for the performance of any obligation or other act of any 
other party hereto or (b) waive compliance with any agreement or condition 
contained herein. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, any 
such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written 
instrument duly executed by the party or parties to be bound thereby; 
provided, however, that the MLP and the General Partner may not, without 
the prior approval of the Conflicts Committee, agree to any extension or 
waiver of this Agreement that, in the reasonable determination of the 
General Partner, will adversely affect the holders of common units of the 
MLP. No waiver or consent, express or implied, by any party of or to any 
breach or default by any Person in the performance by such Person of its 
obligations hereunder shall be deemed or construed to be a waiver or 
consent of or to any other breach or default in the performance by such 
Person of the same or any other obligations of such Person hereunder. 
Failure on the part of a party to complain of any act of any Person or to 
declare any Person in default, irrespective of how long such failure 
continues, shall not constitute a waiver by such party of its rights.
 
Section 9.6. Amendment or Modification. This Agreement may be amended or 
modified from time to time only by the written agreement of all the parties 
hereto; provided, however, that the MLP and the General Partner may not, 
without the prior approval of the Conflicts Committee, agree to any 
amendment or modification of this Agreement that, in the reasonable 
determination of the General Partner, will adversely affect the holders of 
common units of the MLP.
 
Section 9.7. Assignment. No party shall have the right to assign its rights 
or obligations under this Agreement without the consent of the other 
parties hereto.

23


Section 9.8. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts with the same effect as if all signatory parties had signed 
the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall 
constitute one and the same instrument.
 
Section 9.9. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the 
application thereof to any Person or circumstance shall be held invalid or 
unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement and the 
application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not 
be affected thereby and shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted 
by law.
 
Section 9.10. Gender, Parts, Articles and Sections. Whenever the context 
requires, the gender of all words used in this Agreement shall include the 
masculine, feminine and neuter, and the number of all words shall include 
the singular and plural. All references to Article numbers and Section 
numbers refer to Articles and Sections of this Agreement.
 
Section 9.11. Further Assurances. In connection with this Agreement and all 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each signatory party hereto 
agrees to execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments and 
to perform such additional acts as may be necessary or appropriate to 
effectuate, carry out and perform all of the terms, provisions and 
conditions of this Agreement and all such transactions.
 
Section 9.12. Withholding or Granting of Consent. Each party may, with 
respect to any consent or approval that it is entitled to grant pursuant to 
this Agreement, grant or withhold such consent or approval in its sole 
discretion, with or without cause, and subject to such conditions as it 
shall deem appropriate.
 
Section 9.13. Laws and Regulations. Notwithstanding any provision of this 
Agreement to the contrary, no party to this Agreement shall be required to 
take any act, or fail to take any act, under this Agreement if the effect 
thereof would be to cause such party to be in violation of any applicable 
law, statute, rule or regulation.
 
Section 9.14. Negotiation of Rights of CMRE, Limited Partners, Assignees 
and Third Parties. The provisions of this Agreement are enforceable solely 
by the parties to this Agreement, and no shareholder of CMRE and no limited 
partner, member, assignee or other Person of the MLP or York shall have the 
right, separate and apart from CMRE, York or the MLP, as applicable, to 
enforce any provision of this Agreement or to compel any party to this 
Agreement to comply with the terms of this Agreement.
 
Section 9.15. Conflict with Framework Agreement. To the extent that any 
express provision of this Agreement conflicts with any provision of the 
Framework Agreement, the Parties agree that the provisions of this 
Agreement shall control.
 
Section 9.16. Conflicts Committee Determinations. It is understood and 
agreed that any requirement under this Agreement that the Conflicts 
Committee approve the fair market value of a containership vessel or 
related interests or the terms of a transaction related thereto shall be 
deemed satisfied in relation to the MLP if the Conflicts Committee 
determines that the relevant transaction is fair to the MLP from a 
financial point of view.
 
Section 9.17. Restrictive Covenant Agreement. It is understood and agreed 
that if Konstantinos Konstantakopoulos is required to offer a containership 
vessel or business to CMRE that CMRE in turn would be required to offer to 
the General Partner for purchase by the Partnership Group under the 
non-competition provisions of this Agreement, the General Partner can 
require CMRE to exercise its right under the Restrictive Covenant Agreement 
and cause such containership vessel or business to be offered to the 
General Partner, in accordance with the provisions of Articles II, III and 
IV of this Agreement. Furthermore, it is understood and agreed that if CMRE 
should purchase a Five-Year Vessel or a containership vessel that later 
becomes a Five-Year Vessel from Konstantinos Konstantakopoulos, such 
acquisition and containership vessel will be subject to the provisions of 
Articles II, III and IV of this Agreement.
 
Section 9.18. Delegation of Management of MLP. It is understood and agreed 
that, if the General Partner exercises its right to delegate management of 
the MLP to a board of directors of the MLP, then the provisions of this 
Agreement relating to the decision-making responsibilities of and provision 
of notices to the General Partner shall be deemed to apply instead to the 
board of directors of the MLP.

24


Section 9.19. Effectiveness. It is understood and agreed that this 
Agreement has been executed and delivered to the Parties and that, without 
any further action by any Party to this Agreement, this Agreement will 
automatically become effective concurrent with and as of the Closing Date; 
provided, however, that this Agreement shall have no effect prior to the 
Closing Date and will automatically terminate if the Closing Date does not 
occur on or prior to March 31, 2015.
 
Section 9.20. Transfer Restrictions. Subject to any Transfer made in 
accordance with the provisions of Article V, York shall not sell, transfer 
or otherwise dispose of any of their JV Vessel Interests, enter into any 
agreement in respect of any rights, title or interests attaching to such JV 
Vessel Interests to the extent such JV Vessel Interests remain subject to 
an option which has neither been exercised or lapsed for any Partnership 
Group Member to acquire such JV Vessel Interests or to any right to 
purchase such JV Vessel Interests under Article V or enter into any 
agreement, conditional or otherwise, to do any of the foregoing, unless (a) 
if the proposed transferee is not a York Entity, CMRE has provided a prior 
written consent and (b) an agreement from the proposed transferee, in a 
form reasonably satisfactory to the General Partner, to become party to 
this Agreement and to be bound by the terms of Article VII of this 
Agreement has been obtained.
 
Section 9.21. York Capital Covenant. York Capital, on behalf of itself and 
the York Funds, shall cause York to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement and to take any and all steps necessary or reasonably desirable 
to perform such obligations.
 
[Signature Pages Follow]

25


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on October 1, 
2014, to be automatically effective as of the Closing Date.
 
  	COSTAMARE INC.,
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Anastassios Gabrielides
  	  	Name: 	Anastassios Gabrielides
  	  	Title: 	General Counsel and Secretary
  	  	  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	Costamare Inc.
  	60 Zephyrou Street &
  	Syngrou Avenue
  	17564 Athens Greece
  	Telephone: 	+30-210-949-0050
  	Fax: 	+30-210-949-6454
  	Attention: 	Anastassios Gabrielides
(General Counsel and Secretary)
  	  	 
  	COSTAMARE ventures INC.,
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Anastassios Gabrielides
  	  	Name: 	Anastassios Gabrielides
  	  	Title: 	Secretary
  	  	  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	Costamare Ventures Inc.
  	60 Zephyrou Street &
  	Syngrou Avenue
  	17564 Athens Greece
  	Telephone: 	+30-210-949-0050
  	Fax: 	+30-210-949-6454
  	Attention: 	
Anastassios Gabrielides
(Secretary)
 
Signature Page to
Omnibus Agreement
 

  	COSTAMARE PARTNERS LP
  	 
  	  	By: COSTAMARE PARTNERS GP LLC,
its general partner
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Gregory Zikos
  	  	Name: 	Gregory Zikos
  	  	Title: 	Chief Financial Officer
  	  	  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	Costamare Partners LP
  	60 Zephyrou Street &
  	Syngrou Avenue
  	17564 Athens Greece
  	Telephone: 	+30-210-949-0050
  	Fax: 	 +30-210-949-6454
  	Attention: 	Gregory Zikos
(Chief Financial Officer of Costamare Partners GP LLC)
  	  	 
  	COSTAMARE PARTNERS GP LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Gregory Zikos
  	  	Name: 	 Gregory Zikos
  	  	Title: 	 Chief Financial Officer
  	  	  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	Costamare Partners GP LLC
  	60 Zephyrou Street &
  	Syngrou Avenue
  	17564 Athens Greece
  	Telephone: 	+30-210-949-0050
  	Fax: 	+30-210-949-6454
  	Attention: 	Gregory Zikos
(Chief Financial Officer)
 
Signature Page to
Omnibus Agreement
 

  	COSTAMARE PARTNERS HOLDINGS LLC
  	 
  	  	SOLE MEMBER: COSTAMARE PARTNERS LP
  	  	 
  	  	By: COSTAMARE PARTNERS GP LLC,
its general partner
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Gregory Zikos
  	  	Name: 	Gregory Zikos
  	  	Title: 	Chief Financial Officer
  	  	  	  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	Costamare Partners Holdings LLC
  	60 Zephyrou Street &
  	Syngrou Avenue
  	17564 Athens Greece
  	Telephone: 	+30-210-949-0050
  	Fax: 	 +30-210-949-6454
  	Attention: 	Gregory Zikos
(Chief Financial Officer of Costamare Partners GP LLC)
 
Signature Page to
Omnibus Agreement
 

  	SPARROW HOLDINGS, L.P.,
  	 
  	  	By: YORK GLOBAL FINANCE MANAGER, LLC,
its general partner
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ John J. Fosina
  	  	Name: 	John J. Fosina
  	  	Title: 	Chief Financial Officer
  	  	  	  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	Sparrow Holdings L.P.
  	c/o York Capital Management Europe (UK) Advisors LLP
  	23 Saville Row, 4th Floor
  	London W1S 2ET, United Kingdom
  	Telephone: 	+44-207-907-5600
  	Fax: 	+44-207-907-5601
  	Email: 	sparrow@yorkcapital.com
  	Attention: 	Legal Department
  	  	 
  	BLUEBIRD HOLDINGS, L.P.,
  	 
  	  	By: YORK EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES DOMESTIC HOLDINGS, LLC, its general 
partner
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ John J. Fosina
  	  	Name: 	John J. Fosina
  	  	Title: 	Chief Financial Officer
  	  	  	  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	Bluebird Holdings L.P.
  	c/o York Capital Management Europe (UK) Advisors LLP
  	23 Saville Row, 4th Floor
  	London W1S 2ET, United Kingdom
  	Telephone: 	+44-207-907-5600
  	Fax: 	+44-207-907-5601
  	Email: 	sparrow@yorkcapital.com
  	Attention: 	Legal Department
 
Signature Page to
Omnibus Agreement
 

  	YORK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL ADVISORS LLC, on behalf of itself and as 
agent for the York Funds,
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ John J. Fosina
  	  	Name: 	John J. Fosina
  	  	Title: 	Chief Financial Officer
  	  	  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	York Capital Management Global Advisors LLC
  	c/o York Capital Management Europe (UK) Advisors LLP
  	23 Saville Row, 4th Floor
  	London W1S 2ET, United Kingdom
  	Telephone: 	+44-207-907-5600
  	Fax: 	+44-207-907-5601
  	Email: 	sparrow@yorkcapital.com
  	Attention: 	Legal Department
 
Signature Page to
Omnibus Agreement
 

SCHEDULE I
 
List of York Funds
 
  	1. 	York Capital Management L.P.
  	  	 
  	2. 	York Multi-Strategy Master Fund, L.P.
  	  	 
  	3. 	York Credit Opportunities Fund, L.P.
  	  	 
  	4. 	York Credit Opportunities Investments Master Fund, L.P.
  	  	 
  	5. 	York European Opportunities Investments Master Fund, L.P.
  	  	 
  	6. 	York European Focus Master Fund, L.P.
  	  	 
  	7. 	York European Distressed Credit Fund, L.P.
 

ANNEX A
[Form of purchase and sale agreement]
 

ANNEX A
 
 
 
[FORM OF]
SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
Dated [•], [•]
 
among
 
COSTAMARE INC.,
 
COSTAMARE VENTURES INC.,
 
SPARROW HOLDINGS L.P.,
 
BLUEBIRD HOLDINGS L.P.,
 
COSTAMARE PARTNERS GP LLC
 
and
 
COSTAMARE PARTNERS LP
 
 
 

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	Page
  	  	 
ARTICLE I
 
Interpretation
 
SECTION 1.01. 	Definitions 	2
  	  	 
ARTICLE II
 
Purchase and Sale of Shares; Closing
 
SECTION 2.01. 	Purchase and Sale of Shares 	7
SECTION 2.02. 	Closing 	7
SECTION 2.03. 	Place of Closing 	7
SECTION 2.04. 	Purchase Price for Shares 	7
SECTION 2.05. 	Payment of the Purchase Price 	8
  	  	 
ARTICLE III
 
Representations and Warranties of the Buyer
 
SECTION 3.01. 	Organization and Limited Partnership Authority 	8
SECTION 3.02. 	Agreement Not in Breach of Other Instruments 	8
SECTION 3.03. 	No Legal Bar 	8
SECTION 3.04. 	Securities Act 	9
SECTION 3.05. 	Independent Investigation 	9
  	  	 
ARTICLE IV
 
Representations and Warranties of the Costamare Seller
 
SECTION 4.01. 	Organization and Corporate Authority 	9
SECTION 4.02. 	Agreement Not in Breach 	9
SECTION 4.03. 	No Legal Bar 	10
SECTION 4.04. 	Good and Marketable Title to Shares 	10
SECTION 4.05. 	The Costamare Shares 	10
  	  	 
ARTICLE V
 
Representations and Warranties of the York Seller
 
SECTION 5.01. 	Organization and Corporate Authority 	10
SECTION 5.02. 	Agreement Not in Breach 	11
SECTION 5.03. 	No Legal Bar 	11
SECTION 5.04. 	Good and Marketable Title to Shares 	11
SECTION 5.05. 	The York Shares 	11

i


ARTICLE VI
 
Representations and Warranties Regarding the Vessel Owner
 
SECTION 6.01. 	Organization Good Standing and Authority 	12
SECTION 6.02. 	Capitalization; Good and Marketable Title to Shares 	12
SECTION 6.03. 	Organizational Documents 	12
SECTION 6.04. 	Agreement Not in Breach 	12
SECTION 6.05. 	Litigation 	12
SECTION 6.06. 	Indebtedness to and from Officers, etc 	13
SECTION 6.07. 	Personnel 	13
SECTION 6.08. 	Contracts and Agreements 	13
SECTION 6.09. 	Compliance with Law 	13
SECTION 6.10. 	No Undisclosed Liabilities 	13
SECTION 6.11. 	Payment of Taxes 	14
SECTION 6.12. 	Permits 	14
  	  	 
ARTICLE VII
 
Representations and Warranties Regarding the Vessel
 
SECTION 7.01. 	Title to Vessel 	14
SECTION 7.02. 	No Encumbrances 	14
SECTION 7.03. 	Condition 	15
  	  	 
ARTICLE VIII
 
Covenants
 
SECTION 8.01. 	Financial Statements 	15
SECTION 8.02. 	Expenses 	15
SECTION 8.03. 	Commercially Reasonable Efforts; Financing 	16
SECTION 8.04. 	Tests and Surveys 	16
SECTION 8.05. 	Further Assurances 	16
SECTION 8.06. 	Covenants of the Costamare Parties and the York Parties 
Prior to Closing 	16
SECTION 8.07. 	Management Agreement and Shipmanagement Agreement 	17
  	  	 
ARTICLE IX
 
Conditions to Closing
 
SECTION 9.01. 	Mutual Conditions 	17
SECTION 9.02. 	Conditions to the Obligation of Buyer 	18
SECTION 9.03. 	Conditions to the Obligation of the Costamare Parties and 
the York Parties 	18

ii


ARTICLE X
 
Amendments and Waivers
 
SECTION 10.01. 	Amendments and Waivers 	19
  	  	 
ARTICLE XI
 
Indemnification
 
SECTION 11.01. 	Indemnity by the Costamare Seller 	19
SECTION 11.02. 	Indemnity by the York Parties 	19
SECTION 11.03. 	Indemnity by the Costamare Seller and the York Parties 	20
SECTION 11.04. 	Limitation Regarding Indemnification 	21
SECTION 11.05. 	Indemnity by the Buyer 	21
SECTION 11.06. 	Indemnification Procedures 	22
SECTION 11.07. 	Exclusive Post-Closing Remedy 	23
  	  	 
ARTICLE XII
 
Termination
 
SECTION 12.01. 	Termination 	23
SECTION 12.02. 	Effect of Termination 	24
  	  	 
ARTICLE XIII
 
Miscellaneous
 
SECTION 13.01. 	Governing Law 	24
SECTION 13.02. 	Counterparts 	24
SECTION 13.03. 	Complete Agreement 	24
SECTION 13.04. 	Interpretation 	25
SECTION 13.05. 	Severability 	25
SECTION 13.06. 	Third Party Rights 	25
SECTION 13.07. 	Notices 	25
SECTION 13.08. 	Representations and Warranties to Survive 	26
SECTION 13.09. 	Remedies 	27
SECTION 13.10. 	Several and Not Joint Liability 	27
SECTION 13.11. 	General Partner 	27
  	  	 
Schedule 	Respective Proportions 	 

iii


1

This SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of [•], [•], is made by and among 
COSTAMARE INC. (“CMRE”), a corporation formed under the laws of the 
Republic of the Marshall Islands, COSTAMARE VENTURES INC. (the “Costamare 
Seller” and, together with CMRE, the “Costamare Parties”), a corporation 
formed under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and a wholly 
owned subsidiary of CMRE, SPARROW HOLDINGS L.P. (“Sparrow”), a limited 
partnership organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands, BLUEBIRD 
HOLDINGS L.P. (the “York Seller” and, together with the Costamare Seller, 
the “Sellers”), a limited partnership organized under the laws of the 
Cayman Islands and a wholly owned subsidiary of Sparrow, COSTAMARE PARTNERS 
GP LLC (the “General Partner”), a limited liability company formed under 
the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the general partner of 
Buyer (as defined below), and COSTAMARE PARTNERS LP (the “Buyer”), a 
limited partnership organized under the laws of the Republic of the 
Marshall Islands.1
 
WHEREAS the Sellers are collectively the registered owners and shareholder 
of record of all the authorized and issued share capital of [•], a [•], 
with its registered office at [•] (the “Vessel Owner”) and such Vessel 
Owner [is the registered owner of][leases] the [•] flagged vessel the [•] 
(the “Vessel”) [under a bareboat charter party dated [•], [•] from [•] (the 
“Owner”) (as amended or supplemented, the “Bareboat Charter”)].
 
WHEREAS the Vessel is employed by [•], a [•] and whose registered office is 
[•], as charterer (the “Charterer”) under a charter party dated [•], [•] 
entered into between the Vessel Owner and the Charterer (as amended or 
supplemented, the “Charter”).
 
WHEREAS CMRE and the York Parties have notified the General Partner that 
Buyer in accordance with the Omnibus Agreement has the right to acquire all 
of the Costamare Parties’ and the York Parties’ rights, title and interests 
in the Vessel pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement.
 
WHEREAS the General Partner has elected to exercise the right for the Buyer 
to purchase all of the Costamare Parties’ and the York Parties’ rights, 
title and interests in the Vessel pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement.
 
 
1 Note to Draft: The form of share purchase agreement is structured for the 
transfer of a JV Vessel by a Costamare Seller and a York Seller. In the 
case of the transfer of a vessel that is owned by CMRE or its affiliates 
that is not a JV Vessel, this form of share purchase agreement should be 
amended as appropriate to reflect the different ownership structure of the 
vessel and vessel owner. Such amendments may include, but are not limited 
to, removing the York Parties as parties, deleting references to the York 
Parties and the York Seller Entities, deleting representations, warranties, 
covenants and indemnity obligations insofar as they relate to the York 
Parties and removing provisions relating to the allocation of liabilities 
between the Costamare Parties and the York Parties.
 

2

WHEREAS pursuant to the exercise of the General Partner’s right under the 
Omnibus Agreement, Buyer is entering into this Agreement to acquire all of 
the Costamare Parties’ and the York Parties’ rights, title and interests in 
the Vessel by purchasing from the Sellers, and the Sellers are entering 
into this Agreement to sell all of the Costamare Parties’ and the York 
Parties’ rights, title and interests in the Vessel by selling to the Buyer, 
all of the authorized and issued share capital of the Vessel Owner (the “
Shares”) which are registered in the names of the Sellers subject to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
WHEREAS the Buyer, the General Partner and Costamare Shipping Company S.A. 
(the “Manager”), a company formed under the laws of the Republic of Panama, 
are parties to a management agreement dated [•], 2014 (the “Management 
Agreement”) and the Manager and the Vessel Owner are parties to a 
Shipmanagement Agreement dated [•], 2014 for the technical and commercial 
management of the Vessel (the “Shipmanagement Agreement”).
 
     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
      
ARTICLE I
 
Interpretation
 
SECTION 1.01. Definitions. In this Agreement, unless the context requires 
otherwise or unless otherwise specifically provided herein, the following 
terms shall have the respective meanings set out below and grammatical 
variations of such terms shall have corresponding meanings:
 
“Acquisition” has the meaning given to it in Section 2.01.
 
“Agreement” means this Agreement, including its preamble and schedule, as 
amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Applicable Law” in respect of any Person, property, transaction or event, 
means all laws, statutes, ordinances, regulations, municipal by-laws, 
treaties, judgments and decrees applicable to that Person, property, 
transaction or event and, whether or not having the force of law, all 
applicable official directives, rules, consents, approvals, authorizations, 
guidelines, orders, codes of practice and policies of any Governmental 
Authority having authority over that Person, property, transaction or event 
and all general principles of common law and equity.
 
[“Bareboat Charter” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.]
 
“Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the General Partner 
unless and until the General Partner exercises its right to delegate 
management of the Buyer to the board of directors of the Buyer (in which 
case, “Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the Buyer).
 
“Buyer” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 

3

“Buyer Entities” means the Buyer and its subsidiaries.
 
“Buyer Indemnitees” has the meaning given to it in Section 11.01.
 
“Charter” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Charterer” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Closing” has the meaning given to it in Section 2.02.
 
“Closing Date” has the meaning given to it in Section 2.02.
 
“CMRE” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
“Commitment” means (a) options, warrants, convertible securities, 
exchangeable securities, subscription rights, conversion rights, exchange 
rights or other contracts that could require a Person to issue any of its 
equity interests or to sell any equity interests it owns in another Person 
(other than this Agreement and the related transaction documents); (b) any 
other securities convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or 
representing the right to subscribe for any equity interest of a Person or 
owned by a Person; and (c) stock appreciation rights, phantom stock, profit 
participation, or other similar rights with respect to a Person.
 
“Conflicts Committee” means the Conflicts Committee of the Board of 
Directors.
 
“Contracts” means [the Bareboat Charter,] the Charter and the 
Shipmanagement Agreement.
 
“Costamare Parties” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Costamare Seller” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Costamare Seller Entities” means the Costamare Parties and their 
affiliates other than the York Seller Entities and the Buyer Entities.
 
“Costamare Shares” means the Shares registered in the name of the Costamare 
Seller.
 
“Covered Environmental Losses” means all Losses suffered or incurred by the 
Buyer Entities by reason of, arising out of or resulting from:
 
           (a) any violation or correction of violation of Environmental
           Laws; or
            
           (b) any event or condition relating to environmental or human
           health and safety matters, in each case, associated with the
           ownership or operation by the Buyer Entities or the Seller
           Entities
 

4

           of the Vessel Owner and its assets (including, without
           limitation, the presence of Hazardous Substances on, under,
           about or migrating to or from the Vessel or the disposal or
           release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Substances generated by or
           otherwise related to operation of the Vessel), including,
           without limitation, the reasonable and documented cost and
           expense of (i) any investigation, assessment, evaluation,
           monitoring, containment, cleanup, repair, restoration,
           remediation or other corrective action required or necessary
           under Environmental Laws, (ii) the preparation and
           implementation of any closure, remedial, corrective action or
           other plans required or necessary under Environmental Laws and
           (iii) any environmental or toxic tort (including, without
           limitation, personal injury or property damage claims)
           pre-trial, trial or appellate legal or litigation support work;
            
but only to the extent that such violation complained of under clause (a), 
or such events or conditions included in clause (b), is proven to have 
occurred before the Closing Date; and, provided, that in no event shall 
Losses to the extent arising from a change in any Environmental Law after 
the Closing Date be deemed Covered Environmental Losses.
 
“CPHL” means Costamare Partners Holdings LLC, a Marshall Islands limited 
liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Buyer.
 
“Disclosure Schedules” has the meaning given to it in the introduction to 
Article III.
 
“Encumbrance” means any mortgage, lien, charge, assignment, adverse claim, 
hypothecation, restriction, option, covenant, condition or encumbrance, 
whether fixed or floating, on, or any security interest in, any property 
whether real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible, any pledge or 
hypothecation of any property, any deposit arrangement, priority, 
conditional sale agreement, other title retention agreement or equipment 
trust, capital lease or other security arrangements of any kind.
 
“Environmental Laws” means all international, federal, state, foreign and 
local laws, statutes, rules, regulations, treaties, conventions, orders, 
judgments and ordinances having the force and effect of law and relating to 
protection of natural resources, health and safety and the environment, 
each in effect and as amended through the Closing Date.
 
“Equity Interest” means (a) with respect to any entity, any and all shares 
or other ownership interest and any Commitments with respect thereto, (b) 
any other direct equity ownership or participation in a Person and (c) any 
Commitments with respect to the interests described in (a) or (b).
 
“General Partner” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Governmental Authority” means any domestic or foreign government, 
including federal, provincial, state, municipal, county or regional 
government or governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, 
and includes any department,
 

5

commission, bureau, board, administrative agency or regulatory body of any 
of the foregoing and any multinational or supranational organization which, 
in each case, has jurisdiction over the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, the Vessel Owner or any of the Parties or any of their 
respective assets or of the jurisdiction of the flag state of the Vessel or 
any jurisdiction in which the Vessel is situated or otherwise with which 
the industry customarily complies with.
 
“Hazardous Substances” means (a) each substance defined, designated or 
classified as a hazardous waste, hazardous substance, hazardous material, 
solid waste, contaminant or toxic substance under Environmental Laws; (b) 
petroleum and petroleum products, including crude oil and any fractions 
thereof; (c) natural gas, synthetic gas and any mixtures thereof; (d) any 
radioactive material; and (e) any asbestos-containing materials in a 
friable condition.
 
“Indemnified Party” has the meaning given to it in Section 11.06(a).
 
“Indemnifying Party” has the meaning given to it in Section 11.06(a).
 
“Losses” means losses, damages, liabilities, claims, demands, causes of 
action, judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, costs and expenses 
(including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees 
and experts’ fees) of any and every kind or character; provided, however, 
that such term shall not include any exemplary, punitive, special, 
indirect, incidental or consequential damages.
 
“Management Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Manager” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Omnibus Agreement” means the Omnibus Agreement dated as of [•], 2014, 
among the Costamare Parties, the Buyer, the General Partner, CPHL, the York 
Parties and York Capital Management Global Advisors LLC on behalf of itself 
and on behalf of certain funds.
 
“Organizational Documents” has the meaning given to it in Section 6.03.
 
[“Owner” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.]
 
“Parties” means all parties to this Agreement and “Party” means any one of 
them.
 
“Partnership Agreement” means the Agreement of Limited Partnership of the 
Buyer dated [•], 2014, as amended from time to time.
 
“Permits” has the meaning given to it in Section 6.13.
 
“Permitted Maritime Lien” means in relation to the Vessel, any maritime 
liens which accrue as a result of normal operation of the Vessel 
[including, without limitation:
 

6

(a) any ship repairer’s or outfitter’s possessory lien in respect of the 
Vessel for an amount not exceeding $500,000;
 
(b) any lien on the Vessel for master’s, officer’s or crew’s wages or 
compensation for civil wrongs outstanding in the ordinary course of its 
trading;
 
(c) any lien on the Vessel for towage, salvage, wharfage, anchorage, 
pilotage, lighthouse or other port fees or liens arising from a collision; 
and
 
(d) liens incurred in connection with supplies or services provided to the 
Vessel.
 
“Person” means an individual, entity or association, including any legal 
personal representative, corporation, body corporate, firm, partnership, 
trust, trustee, syndicate, joint venture, unincorporated organization or 
Governmental Authority.
 
“Purchase Price” has the meaning given to it in Section 2.04.
 
“Respective Proportion” for the Costamare Seller, on the one hand, and the 
York Parties, on the other hand, means the applicable percentage set forth 
in the Schedule.
 
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to 
time.
 
“Sellers” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Seller Entities” means the Costamare Parties, the York Parties and their 
respective affiliates other than the Buyer Entities.
 
“Seller Indemnitees” has the meaning given to it in Section 11.05.
 
“Shares” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Shipmanagement Agreement” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Sparrow” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“Taxes” means all income, franchise, business, property, sales, use, goods 
and services or value added, withholding, excise, alternate minimum 
capital, transfer, excise, customs, anti-dumping, stumpage, countervail, 
net worth, stamp, registration, franchise, payroll, employment, health, 
education, business, school, property, local improvement, development, 
education development and occupation taxes, surtaxes, duties, levies, 
imposts, rates, fees, assessments, dues and charges and other taxes 
required to be reported upon or paid to any domestic or foreign 
jurisdiction and all interest and penalties thereon.
 
“Vessel” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 

7

“Vessel Owner” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“York Parties” means Sparrow and the York Seller.
 
“York Seller” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.
 
“York Seller Entities” means the York Parties and their affiliates other 
than the Costamare Seller Entities and the Buyer Entities.
 
“York Shares” means the Shares registered in the name of the York Seller.
 
ARTICLE II
 
Purchase and Sale of Shares; Closing
 
SECTION 2.01. Purchase and Sale of Shares. The Sellers agrees to sell and 
transfer to the Buyer, CMRE agrees to cause the Costamare Seller and 
Sparrow agrees to cause the York Seller to sell and transfer to the Buyer 
and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Sellers for the Purchase Price 
and in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in 
this Agreement, the Shares which in turn shall result in the Buyer 
indirectly owning the Vessel and indirectly entitled to the rights under 
the Contracts (the “Acquisition”). The Sellers shall transfer the Shares to 
CPHL at Closing, unless Buyer shall before Closing nominate a different 
Buyer Entity to receive the Shares.
 
SECTION 2.02. Closing. On the terms of this Agreement and subject to the 
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article IX, the sale 
and transfer of the Shares and payment of the Purchase Price shall take 
place on the date (such date, the “Closing Date”) that is five business 
days after the satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in 
Article IX (other than those conditions to be satisfied on the Closing 
Date) or such other date as the Sellers and Buyer shall otherwise agree. 
The sale and transfer of the Shares is hereinafter referred to as “Closing
”.
 
SECTION 2.03. Place of Closing. The Closing shall take place at 60 Zephyrou 
Street & Syngrou Avenue, 17564 Athens, Greece or any other place as 
designated by the Sellers.
 
SECTION 2.04. Purchase Price for Shares. On the Closing Date, the Buyer 
shall pay to the Sellers (to such accounts and beneficiaries being Seller 
Entities as the Costamare Seller, on the one hand, and the York Seller, on 
the other hand, shall designate) the amount of U.S. dollars [•] (the “
Purchase Price”) in exchange for the Shares.2 The Purchase Price may be 
payable by Buyer in part, in lieu of cash, by the transfer and assumption 
in full of associated debt obligations of the Vessel Owner. The
 
 
2 Note to Draft: The purchase price is payable in cash unless the parties 
agree that the consideration will be paid by means of equity of the MLP, an 
interest-bearing promissory note, other form of consideration or 
combination thereof.
 

8

Purchase Price shall be allocated between, and paid by Buyer to, the 
Costamare Seller and the York Seller in accordance with their Respective 
Proportions.
 
SECTION 2.05. Payment of the Purchase Price. The Purchase Price will be 
paid by the Buyer to the Costamare Seller and the York Seller by wire 
transfer of immediately available funds to the account and beneficiary 
being a Seller Entity designated in writing by each Seller.
 
ARTICLE III
 
Representations and Warranties of the Buyer
 
The Buyer represents and warrants to the Sellers that as of the date hereof 
and as of the Closing Date, except as set forth in the disclosure schedules 
delivered prior to the date of this Agreement (the “Disclosure Schedules
”):
 
SECTION 3.01. Organization and Limited Partnership Authority. The Buyer is 
duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
Republic of the Marshall Islands, and has all requisite limited partnership 
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the Buyer and the General Partner, has been effectively 
authorized by all necessary action, limited partnership or otherwise, and 
constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the Buyer and the 
General Partner. No meeting has been convened or resolution proposed or 
petition presented and no order has been made to wind up the Buyer. The 
General Partner’s decision that the Buyer purchase the Shares and the 
Purchase Price have been approved by the Conflicts Committee.
 
SECTION 3.02. Agreement Not in Breach of Other Instruments. The execution 
and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and the fulfillment of the terms hereof will not result 
in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default 
under, or conflict with, or give any other party thereto a right to 
terminate, any agreement or other instrument to which the Buyer is a party 
or by which it is bound, including its certificate of formation and 
partnership agreement, any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, 
governmental body or arbitrator by which the Buyer is bound, or any law, 
rule or regulation applicable to the Buyer which would have a material 
effect on the transactions contemplated hereby or the ability of Buyer to 
pay the Purchase Price to the Sellers at the Closing.
 
SECTION 3.03. No Legal Bar. The Buyer is not prohibited or restricted by 
any order, writ, injunction or decree of any body of competent jurisdiction 
from consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and no 
such action or proceeding is pending or, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, threatened against the Buyer which questions the validity of this 
Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated hereby or any action which 
has been taken by any of the parties in connection herewith or in 
connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 

9

SECTION 3.04. Securities Act. The Shares purchased by the Buyer pursuant to 
this Agreement are being acquired for investment purposes only and not with 
a view to any public distribution thereof, and the Buyer shall not offer to 
sell or otherwise dispose of the Shares so acquired by it in violation of 
any of the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Buyer 
acknowledges that it is able to fend for itself, can bear the economic risk 
of its investment in the Shares, and has such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of an investment in all of the Shares. The Buyer understands 
that, when transferred to the Buyer at the Closing, none of the Shares will 
be registered pursuant to the Securities Act and that all of the Shares 
will constitute “restricted securities” under the federal securities laws 
of the United States.
 
SECTION 3.05. Independent Investigation. The Buyer has had the opportunity 
to conduct to its own satisfaction independent investigation, review and 
analysis of the business, operations, assets, liabilities, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects of the Vessel Owner and the 
Vessel and, in making the determination to proceed with the transactions 
contemplated hereby, has relied solely on the results of its own 
independent investigation and the representations and warranties set forth 
in Articles IV, V, VI and VII.
 
ARTICLE IV
 
Representations and Warranties of the Costamare Seller
 
The Costamare Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer that as of the 
date hereof and as of the Closing Date, except as set forth in the 
Disclosure Schedules:
 
SECTION 4.01. Organization and Corporate Authority. Each of CMRE and the 
Costamare Seller is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and has 
all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement 
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has 
been duly executed and delivered by each of CMRE and the Costamare Seller, 
has been effectively authorized by all necessary action, corporate or 
otherwise, and constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of each of 
CMRE and the Costamare Seller. No meeting has been convened or resolution 
proposed or petition presented and no order has been made to wind up either 
of CMRE or the Costamare Seller.
 
SECTION 4.02. Agreement Not in Breach. The execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and the 
fulfillment of the terms hereof will not violate, or result in a breach of, 
any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or 
conflict with, or give any other party thereto a right to terminate, any 
agreement or other instrument to which any of the Costamare Parties is a 
party or by which any such entity is bound including, without limitation, 
the organizational documents of any of the Costamare Parties, any judgment, 
decree, order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator by 
which any of the Costamare Parties is bound, or any law, rule or regulation 
applicable to any of the
 

10

Costamare Parties that would have a material effect on the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
SECTION 4.03. No Legal Bar. None of the Costamare Parties is prohibited by 
any order, writ, injunction or decree of any body of competent jurisdiction 
from consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and no 
such action or proceeding is pending or, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, threatened against any of the Costamare Parties which questions the 
validity of this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated hereby or 
any action which has been taken by any of the parties in connection 
herewith or in connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
SECTION 4.04. Good and Marketable Title to Shares. There are not 
outstanding any options, warrants or other rights, or securities 
convertible into or exchangeable for such options, warrants or other 
rights, to purchase from the Costamare Seller any Equity Interests of the 
Vessel Owner.
 
SECTION 4.05. The Costamare Shares. Assuming the Buyer or the applicable 
Buyer Entity has the requisite power and authority to be the lawful owner 
of the Costamare Shares, upon delivery to the Buyer or the applicable Buyer 
Entity at the Closing of instruments sufficient to evidence the transfer 
from the Costamare Seller to the Buyer (or the applicable Buyer Entity) of 
the Costamare Shares under the Applicable Laws of the relevant 
jurisdiction, or delivery of such Costamare Shares by electronic means, and 
upon or simultaneously with the Sellers’ receipt of the Purchase Price, the 
Buyer or the applicable Buyer Entity shall own good and valid title to the 
Costamare Shares, free and clear of any Encumbrances, other than those 
arising under the Charter or otherwise from acts of the Buyer Entities. 
Other than this Agreement and any related transaction documents, the 
Organizational Documents and the Charter and restrictions imposed by 
Applicable Law, at the Closing, the Costamare Shares will not be subject to 
any voting trust agreement or other contract, agreement, arrangement, 
commitment or understanding restricting or otherwise relating to the 
voting, dividend rights or disposition of the Costamare Shares, other than 
any agreement to which any Buyer Entity is a party.
 
ARTICLE V
 
Representations and Warranties of the York Seller
 
The York Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer that as of the date 
hereof and as of the Closing Date, except as set forth in the Disclosure 
Schedules:
 
SECTION 5.01. Organization and Corporate Authority. Each of the York 
Parties is duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good 
standing under the respective laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or 
formation, and has all requisite power and authority to enter into this 
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This 
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of the York Parties, 
has been effectively authorized by all necessary action, company, limited 
partnership or otherwise, and constitutes legal, valid and binding 
obligations of
 

11

each of the York Parties. No meeting has been convened or resolution 
proposed or petition presented and no order has been made to wind up any of 
the York Parties.
 
SECTION 5.02. Agreement Not in Breach. The execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and the 
fulfillment of the terms hereof will not violate, or result in a breach of, 
any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or 
conflict with, or give any other party thereto a right to terminate, any 
agreement or other instrument to which any of the York Parties is a party 
or by which any such entity is bound including, without limitation, the 
organizational documents of any of the York Parties, any judgment, decree, 
order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator by which any 
of the York Parties is bound, or any law, rule or regulation applicable to 
any of the York Parties that would have a material effect on the 
transactions contemplated hereby.3
 
SECTION 5.03. No Legal Bar. None of the York Parties is prohibited by any 
order, writ, injunction or decree of any body of competent jurisdiction 
from consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and no 
such action or proceeding is pending or, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, threatened against any of the York Parties which questions the 
validity of this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated hereby or 
any action which has been taken by any of the parties in connection 
herewith or in connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
SECTION 5.04. Good and Marketable Title to Shares. There are not 
outstanding any options, warrants or other rights, or securities 
convertible into or exchangeable for such options, warrants or other 
rights, to purchase from the York Seller any Equity Interests of the Vessel 
Owner.
 
SECTION 5.05. The York Shares. Assuming the Buyer or the applicable Buyer 
Entity has the requisite power and authority to be the lawful owner of the 
York Shares, upon delivery to the Buyer or the applicable Buyer Entity at 
the Closing of instruments sufficient to evidence the transfer from the 
York Seller to the Buyer (or the applicable Buyer Entity) of the York 
Shares under the Applicable Laws of the relevant jurisdiction, or delivery 
of such York Shares by electronic means, and upon or simultaneously with 
the Sellers’ receipt of the Purchase Price, the Buyer or the applicable 
Buyer Entity shall own good and valid title to the York Shares, free and 
clear of any Encumbrances, other than those arising under the Charter or 
otherwise from acts of the Buyer Entities. Other than this Agreement and 
any related transaction documents, the Organizational Documents and the 
Charter and restrictions imposed by Applicable Law, at the Closing, the 
York Shares will not be subject to any voting trust agreement or other 
contract, agreement, arrangement, commitment or understanding restricting 
or otherwise relating to the voting, dividend rights or disposition of the 
York Shares, other than any agreement to which any Buyer Entity is a party.
 
 
3 Note to Draft: Representation in the Share Purchase Agreement for the 
last JV Vessel to be qualified by any split right set forth in the 
Framework Agreement.
 

12

ARTICLE VI
 
Representations and Warranties Regarding the Vessel Owner
 
Each Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer severally but not jointly, 
and proportionally in its Respective Proportion, that as of the date hereof 
and as of the Closing Date, except as set forth in the Disclosure 
Schedules:
 
SECTION 6.01. Organization Good Standing and Authority. The Vessel Owner is 
a [•] duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of 
Liberia. The Vessel Owner has full corporate power and authority to carry 
on its business as it is now, and has since its formation been, conducted, 
and is entitled to own, lease or operate the properties and assets it now 
owns, leases or operates and to enter into legal and binding contracts. No 
meeting has been convened or resolution proposed or petition presented and 
no order has been made to wind up the Vessel Owner.
 
SECTION 6.02. Capitalization; Good and Marketable Title to Shares. The 
Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and 
nonassessable, and constitute the total issued and outstanding Equity 
Interests of the Vessel Owner. There are not outstanding (i) any securities 
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Vessel Owner or (ii) any 
Commitments in respect of the shares of the Vessel Owner.
 
SECTION 6.03. Organizational Documents. The Seller Entities have supplied 
to the Buyer true and correct copies of the organizational documents of the 
Vessel Owner, as in effect as of the date hereof (the “Organizational 
Documents”).
 
SECTION 6.04. Agreement Not in Breach. The execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and the 
fulfillment of the terms hereof will not violate, or result in a breach of, 
any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or 
conflict with, or give any other party thereto a right to terminate, any 
agreement or other instrument to which the Vessel Owner is a party or by 
which it is bound including, without limitation, any of the Organizational 
Documents, any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental 
body or arbitrator applicable to the Vessel Owner or the Contracts, or any 
law, rule or regulation applicable to the Vessel Owner that would have a 
material effect on the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
SECTION 6.05. Litigation. (a) There is no action, suit or proceeding to 
which the Vessel Owner is a party (either as a plaintiff or defendant) 
pending before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or 
arbitrator; there is no material action, suit or proceeding threatened 
against the Vessel Owner; and, to the best knowledge of the Sellers, there 
is no basis for any such action, suit or proceeding.
 
(b) The Vessel Owner has not been permanently or temporarily enjoined by 
any order, judgment or decree of any court or any governmental agency, 
authority or body from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in 
connection with the business, assets or properties of the Vessel Owner.
 

13

(c) There is not in existence any order, judgment or decree of any court or 
other tribunal or other agency enjoining or requiring the Vessel Owner to 
take any material action of any kind with respect to its business, assets 
or properties.
 
SECTION 6.06. Indebtedness to and from Officers, etc. The Vessel Owner will 
not be indebted, directly or indirectly, to any person who is an officer, 
director, stockholder or employee of any of the Seller Entities or any 
spouse, child, or other relative or any affiliate of any such person, nor 
shall any such officer, director, stockholder, employee, relative or 
affiliate be indebted to the Vessel Owner.
 
SECTION 6.07. Personnel. The Vessel Owner has no employees other than the 
Vessel’s master and crew.
 
SECTION 6.08. Contracts and Agreements. Other than the Contracts, there are 
no material contracts or agreements, written or oral, to which the Vessel 
Owner is a party or by which any of its assets are bound.
 
(a) Each of the Contracts is a valid and binding agreement of the Vessel 
Owner, and to the best knowledge of the Sellers, of all other parties 
thereto.
 
(b) The Vessel Owner has fulfilled all material obligations required 
pursuant to its Contracts to have been performed by it prior to the date 
hereof and has not waived any material rights thereunder, including payment 
in full of the purchase price for the Vessel, together with any other 
payments of the Vessel Owner due thereunder.
 
(c) There has not occurred any material default under any of the Contracts 
on the part of the Vessel Owner, or to the best knowledge of the Sellers, 
on the part of any other party thereto nor has any event occurred which 
with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or both, would constitute 
any material default on the part of the Vessel Owner under any of the 
Contracts nor, to the best knowledge of the Sellers, has any event occurred 
which with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or both, would 
constitute any material default on the part of any other party to any of 
the Contracts or that would give any other party thereto a right to 
terminate any of the Contracts.
 
SECTION 6.09. Compliance with Law. The conduct of business by the Vessel 
Owner does not and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not violate any 
Applicable Laws of any country, province, state or other governing body, 
the enforcement of which would materially and adversely affect the 
business, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the 
Vessel Owner taken as a whole, nor has the Vessel Owner received any notice 
of any such violation.
 
SECTION 6.10. No Undisclosed Liabilities. Except for such liabilities, 
debts, obligations, encumbrances, defects, restrictions or claims of a 
general nature and magnitude that would arise in connection with the 
operation of container carriers of the same type as the Vessel in the 
ordinary course of business and obligations arising under the Contracts, 
the Vessel Owner (or the Vessel owned by it) has no liabilities or 
obligations of any nature, whether absolute, accrued, contingent or 
otherwise, and whether due or to become due (including, without limitation, 
any liability for Taxes and
 

14

interest, penalties and other charges payable with respect to any such 
liability or obligation) that have not been disclosed in writing to the 
Buyer Entities prior to the date hereof.
 
SECTION 6.11. Payment of Taxes. The Vessel Owner has filed all federal, 
state and local income and franchise tax returns required to be filed in 
any jurisdiction, which returns are correct and complete in all material 
respects, and has timely paid all taxes due from it, and the Vessel is in 
good standing with respect to the payment of past and current Taxes, fees 
and other amounts payable as at the date hereof and the Closing Date under 
the laws of the jurisdiction where it is registered as would affect its 
registry with the ship registry of such jurisdiction.
 
SECTION 6.12. Permits. The Vessel Owner has such permits, consents, 
licenses, franchises, concessions, certificates and authorizations (“
Permits”) of, and has all declarations and filings with, and is qualified 
and in good standing in each jurisdiction of, all federal, provincial, 
state, local or foreign Governmental Authorities and other Persons, as are 
necessary to own or lease its properties and to conduct its business in the 
manner that is standard and customary for a business of its nature other 
than such Permits the absence of which, individually or in the aggregate, 
has not and could not reasonably be expected to materially and adversely 
affect the Vessel Owner or the Vessel, and the Vessel Owner has fulfilled 
and performed all its obligations with respect to such Permits in all 
material respects which are or will be due to have been fulfilled and 
performed by such date and no event has occurred that would prevent such 
Permits from being renewed or reissued or that allows, or after notice or 
lapse of time would allow, revocation or termination thereof or results or 
would result in any impairment of the rights of the holder of any such 
Permit, except for such nonrenewals, nonissues, revocations, terminations 
and impairments that would not, individually or in the aggregate, 
materially or adversely affect the Vessel Owner or the Vessel, and none of 
such Permits contains any restriction that is materially burdensome to the 
Vessel Owner.
 
ARTICLE VII
 
Representations and Warranties Regarding the Vessel
 
Each Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer severally but not jointly, 
and proportionally in its Respective Proportion, that as of the date hereof 
and as of the Closing Date, except as set forth in the Disclosure 
Schedules:
 
SECTION 7.01. Title to Vessel. [The Vessel Owner is the owner (beneficially 
and of record) of the Vessel and has good and marketable title to the 
Vessel.][The Vessel Owner charters the Vessel from the Owner on a demise or 
bareboat basis and the Owner retains no possession and control of the 
Vessel during the term of the Bareboat Charter.]
 
SECTION 7.02. No Encumbrances. As of the Closing Date, the assets of the 
Vessel Owner and the Vessel will be free of all Encumbrances other than the 
Encumbrances arising under the Charter [and the Bareboat Charter] and any 
Encumbrance arising as a result of a Permitted Maritime Liens.
 

15

SECTION 7.03. Condition. The Vessel is (i) seaworthy in all material 
respects for hull and machinery insurance warranty purposes and in good 
running order and repair; (ii) insured against all usual risks, and in 
amounts, consistent with common industry practices; (iii) in compliance in 
all material respects with applicable maritime laws and regulations; and 
(iv) in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of its 
class and classification society; and all class certificates of the Vessel 
are clean and valid and free of overdue recommendations affecting class; 
and the Buyer acknowledges and agrees that, subject only to the 
representations and warranties in this Agreement, it is acquiring the 
Vessel on an “as is, where is” basis.
 
ARTICLE VIII
 
Covenants
 
SECTION 8.01. Financial Statements. The Seller Entities agree to cause the 
Vessel Owner to provide reasonable access to the books and records of the 
Vessel Owner to allow the Buyer to prepare at the Buyer’s expense any 
information, review or audit the Buyer reasonably believes is required to 
be furnished or provided by the Buyer pursuant to applicable securities 
laws, including in connection with obtaining Buyer’s financing for the 
Acquisition and the filing of a registration statement with the Commission 
in connection therewith. Each Seller will (a) provide the Buyer or the 
Buyer’s auditors access to such Seller’s work papers relating to the Vessel 
and/or the Vessel Owner and (b) use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
assist the Buyer with any such information, review or audit and to provide 
other financial information reasonably requested by the Buyer or its 
auditors, including the delivery by the Seller Entities of any information, 
letters and similar documentation, including reasonable “management 
representation letters” and attestations relating to the Vessel and/or the 
Vessel Owner.
 
SECTION 8.02. Expenses. All costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection 
with this Agreement and the related transaction documents shall be paid by 
the Buyer, including all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection 
with conveyance fees, recording charges and other fees and charges 
applicable to the transfer of the Shares. In addition:
 
    (i) all costs and expenses incurred by the Buyer to load the Vessel
    with fuel oil, lubricating oil, greases, fresh water and other stores
    necessary to operate the Vessel after the Closing shall be for the
    Buyer’s account;
     
    (ii) all unused fuel oil, lubricating oil, greases, fresh water, and
    other stores on the Vessel at the Closing shall remain the assets of
    the Vessel Owner and shall not be transferred to the Seller Entities in
    connection with Closing;
     
    (iii) all spare parts and spare equipment, including spare tail-end
    shafts, spare propellers and propeller blades, if any, belonging to the
    Vessel Owner at the time of Closing used or unused, and on board shall
    remain the assets of the Vessel Owner and shall not be transferred to
    the Seller Entities in connection with Closing; and
 

16

    (iv) all bank account balances, cash, current assets and current
    liabilities of the Vessel Owner at the time of Closing shall remain the
    assets of the Vessel Owner and shall not be transferred to the Seller
    Entities in connection with Closing.
     
SECTION 8.03. Commercially Reasonable Efforts; Financing. On the terms and 
subject to the conditions of this Agreement, each of the Parties shall use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Closing to occur, 
including taking all commercially reasonable actions necessary to comply 
promptly with all legal requirements that may be imposed on it or any of 
its affiliates with respect to the Closing and to obtain any such consents 
required to be obtained by it in connection with the transfer of the Vessel 
Owner. The Costamare Parties and the York Parties shall also provide such 
reasonable cooperation in connection with any arrangement of the Buyer’s 
financing as may be reasonably requested by Buyer, including providing 
information and documents, and other actions that are or may be customary 
in connection with comparable financing transactions. Each of the Parties 
shall not, and shall not permit any of their respective affiliates to, take 
any actions that would, or that could reasonably be expected to, result in 
any of the conditions set forth in Article IX not being satisfied 
(including obtaining any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or 
any exemption by, any Governmental Authority required to be obtained or 
made by any of the Parties in connection with the acquisition of the Vessel 
Owner or the taking of any action contemplated by this Agreement in 
accordance with its terms).
 
SECTION 8.04. Tests and Surveys. The Costamare Parties and the York Parties 
grant to the Buyer the right, exercisable at the Buyer’s risk and expense, 
to make such surveys, tests and inspections of the Vessel as the Buyer may 
deem desirable, so long as such surveys, tests or inspections do not damage 
the Vessel or interfere with the activities of the Seller Entities or the 
Charterer thereon and so long as the Buyer has furnished the Costamare 
Parties and the York Parties with evidence that adequate liability 
insurance is in full force and effect.
 
SECTION 8.05. Further Assurances. From time to time after the date of this 
Agreement, and without any further consideration, the Parties agree to 
execute, acknowledge and deliver all such additional deeds, assignments, 
bills of sale, conveyances, instruments, notices, releases, acquittances 
and other documents, and will do all such other acts and things, all in 
accordance with Applicable Law, as may be necessary or appropriate (a) more 
fully to assure that the applicable Parties own all of the properties, 
rights, titles, interests, estates, remedies, powers and privileges granted 
by this Agreement, or which are intended to be so granted, (b) more fully 
and effectively to vest in the applicable Parties and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns beneficial and record title to the 
interests distributed, contributed and assigned by this Agreement or 
intended so to be and (c) to more fully and effectively carry out the 
purposes and intent of this Agreement.
 
SECTION 8.06. Covenants of the Costamare Parties and the York Parties Prior 
to Closing. From the date of this Agreement to the Closing Date, the 
Costamare Parties and the York Parties shall cause the Vessel Owner to 
conduct its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course in 
substantially the same manner as
 

17

previously conducted. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Closing, except 
with the prior written consent of Buyer, the Costamare Parties and the York 
Parties shall not permit the Vessel Owner to:
 
(a) enter into any contracts or other written or oral agreements outside of 
the ordinary course of business;
 
(b) (i) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other 
distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of, any of 
its capital stock, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital 
stock or issue any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in 
substitution for shares of its capital stock or (iii) purchase, redeem or 
otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock or any other securities of 
the Vessel Owner or any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire any 
such shares or other securities; or
 
(c) issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise encumber any shares of its 
capital stock, any other voting securities or any securities convertible 
into, or exchangeable for, any shares of its capital stock, or any stock 
options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such shares, voting 
securities or convertible securities or any stock appreciation rights or 
other rights that are linked in any way to the price of the Shares or the 
value of the Vessel Owner or any part thereof.
 
SECTION 8.07. Management Agreement and Shipmanagement Agreement. The Buyer 
and the General Partner shall cause the schedules to the Management 
Agreement to be amended as applicable to reflect the Buyer’s acquisition of 
the Vessel and the Vessel Owner as of the Closing. The Costamare Parties 
and the York Parties shall cause the Vessel Owner to amend the 
Shipmanagement Agreement as applicable to reflect the Buyer’s acquisition 
of the Vessel Owner as of the Closing.
 
ARTICLE IX
 
Conditions to Closing
 
SECTION 9.01. Mutual Conditions. The obligations of the Costamare Parties, 
the York Parties and Buyer to effect the Closing shall be subject to the 
satisfaction or waiver by each of the Costamare Parties, the York Parties 
and Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:
 
(a) no Governmental Authority shall have entered any order that remains in 
effect which would restrain, enjoin or otherwise prevent the performance of 
this Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated 
hereby in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;
 
(b) all approvals or written consents of Governmental Authorities and those 
of other third parties under the terms of all agreements existing as of the 
date hereof in respect of the Vessel and the Shares, as applicable, 
including, without limitation, any rights of first refusal of the parties 
to such agreements to purchase the Vessel or the Shares and any financing 
instruments applicable to the Vessel, required to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained; and
 

18

(c) no Applicable Law shall have been enacted by any Governmental Authority 
which prohibits the consummation of the Closing.
 
SECTION 9.02. Conditions to the Obligation of Buyer. The obligation of 
Buyer to effect the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver 
by Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following 
conditions:
 
(a) the availability, in the Buyer’s sole discretion, of sufficient funds 
to pay the Purchase Price and other costs associated with the Acquisition;
 
(b) each of the representations and warranties of each of the Sellers 
contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of 
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, with the same effect as if those 
representations and warranties had been made on and as of the Closing Date 
except to the extent that any such representation or warranty is made as of 
a specified date, in which case such representation or warranty need only 
be so true and correct as of such date, and except to the extent the 
failure to be so true and correct would not be material;
 
(c) the Seller Entities shall have duly performed and complied in all 
material respects with all covenants and agreements contained in this 
Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by Seller 
Entities at or before the Closing; and
 
(d) the results of any searches, surveys, tests or inspections conducted 
pursuant to Section 8.04 or received in each case, after the date hereof, 
are not, in the reasonable opinion of the Buyer, unsatisfactory.
 
SECTION 9.03. Conditions to the Obligation of the Costamare Parties and the 
York Parties. The obligation of the Costamare Parties and the York Parties 
to effect the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the 
Costamare Parties and the York Parties on or prior to the Closing Date of 
each of the following conditions:
 
(a) Each of the representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this 
Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as 
of the Closing Date, with the same effect as if those representations and 
warranties had been made on and as of the Closing Date except to the extent 
that any such representation or warranty is made as of a specified date, in 
which case such representation or warranty need only be so true and correct 
as of such date, and except to the extent the failure to be so true and 
correct would not be material; and
 
(b) the Buyer Entities shall have duly performed and complied in all 
material respects with all covenants and agreements contained in this 
Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by Buyer 
Entities at or before the Closing.
 

19

ARTICLE X
 
Amendments and Waivers
 
SECTION 10.01. Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may not be amended 
except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each party hereto. 
By an instrument in writing the Buyer, on the one hand, or the Costamare 
Parties and the York Parties, on the other hand, may waive compliance by 
the other with any term or provision of this Agreement that such other 
party was or is obligated to comply with or perform.
 
ARTICLE XI
 
Indemnification
 
SECTION 11.01. Indemnity by the Costamare Seller. From and after the 
Closing, the Costamare Seller shall be liable for, and shall indemnify the 
Buyer and each of its subsidiaries and each of their directors, employees, 
agents and representatives (the “Buyer Indemnitees”) against and hold them 
harmless from, any Losses, suffered or incurred by such Buyer Indemnitee:
 
    (a) by reason of or arising out of (i) any inaccuracy in, or breach of,
    any representation or warranty of the Costamare Seller (without giving
    effect to any supplement to the Disclosure Schedules occurring after
    the date hereof or qualifications as to materiality or dollar amount or
    other similar qualifications) other than a representation or warranty
    made in Article VII, or (ii) a failure to perform or observe any
    covenant, agreement or obligation of, the Costamare Seller Entities in
    or under this Agreement or in or under any document, instrument or
    agreement delivered pursuant to this Agreement by the Costamare Seller
    Entities (other than Section 8.03); or
     
    (b) with respect to any fees, expenses or other payments incurred or
    owed by the Costamare Seller Entities or the Vessel Owner to any
    brokers, financial advisors or comparable other persons retained or
    employed by it in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement.
     
SECTION 11.02. Indemnity by the York Parties. From and after the Closing, 
the York Parties shall be liable for, and shall indemnify the Buyer 
Indemnitees against and hold them harmless from, any Losses, suffered or 
incurred by such Buyer Indemnitee:
 
    (a) by reason of or arising out of (i) any inaccuracy in, or breach of,
    any representation or warranty of the York Seller (without giving
    effect to any supplement to the Disclosure Schedules occurring after
    the date hereof or qualifications as to materiality or dollar amount or
    other similar qualifications) other than a representation or warranty
    made in Article VII, or (ii) a failure to perform or observe any
    covenant, agreement or obligation of, the York Seller Entities in or
    under this Agreement or in or under any document, instrument or
 

20

    agreement delivered pursuant to this Agreement by the York Seller
    Entities (other than Section 8.03); or
     
    (b) with respect to any fees, expenses or other payments incurred or
    owed by the York Seller Entities or the Vessel Owner to any brokers,
    financial advisors or comparable other persons retained or employed by
    it in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
     
SECTION 11.03. Indemnity by the Costamare Seller and the York Parties. 
From and after the Closing, the Costamare Seller, on the one hand, and the 
York Parties, on the other hand, shall be severally but not jointly liable 
for, and shall indemnify the Buyer Indemnitees against and hold them 
harmless from, their Respective Proportion of any Losses, suffered or 
incurred by such Buyer Indemnitee:
 
    (a) by reason of or arising out of any inaccuracy in, or breach of, any
    representation or warranty of the Sellers made in Article VII (without
    giving effect to any supplement to the Disclosure Schedules occurring
    after the date hereof or qualifications as to materiality or dollar
    amount or other similar qualifications);
     
    (b) by reason of or arising out of obligations, liabilities, expenses,
    cost and claims relating to, arising from or otherwise attributable to
    the assets owned by the Vessel Owner or the assets, operations, and
    obligations of the Vessel Owner or the businesses thereof, in each
    case, to the extent relating to, arising from, or otherwise
    attributable to facts, circumstances or events occurring prior to the
    Closing Date;
     
    (c) with respect to any Covered Environmental Losses relating to the
    Vessel Owner to the extent the Costamare Seller and the York Parties
    are notified by Buyer of any such Covered Environmental Losses within
    three years after the Closing Date;
     
    (d) with respect to any Losses to the Buyer by reason of or arising out
    of:
     
       (i) the failure of the Buyer, immediately after the Closing Date, to
       be the owner of such valid leasehold interests or fee ownership
       interests in and to the Vessel Owner and the Vessel as are necessary
       to enable the Buyer to own and operate the Vessel Owner and the
       Vessel in substantially the same manner that the Vessel Owner and
       the Vessel were owned and operated by the Sellers immediately prior
       to the Closing Date; or
        
       (ii) the failure of the Buyer Entities or the Vessel Owner to have
       by the Closing Date any consent or governmental permit necessary to
       allow the Buyer to own or operate the Vessel Owner and the Vessel in
       substantially the same manner that the Vessel Owner and the Vessel
       were owned and operated by the Seller Entities immediately prior to
       the Closing Date;
 

21

       in each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, other than as a result of any
       act or omission by the Buyer in violation of this Agreement and only
       to the extent that the Costamare Seller and the York Parties are
       notified by the Buyer of such Losses within three years after the
       Closing Date; or
        
    (e) with respect to all federal, state, foreign and local income tax
    liabilities attributable to the operation of the Vessel Owner or the
    Vessel prior to the Closing Date, but excluding any federal, state,
    foreign and local income taxes reserved on the books of the Vessel
    Owner on the Closing Date.
     
SECTION 11.04. Limitation Regarding Indemnification.
 
(a) The aggregate liability of the Costamare Seller and the York Parties 
under Section 11.03(c) above shall not exceed $1,250,000. Furthermore, no 
claim may be made against any of the Costamare Seller or the York Parties 
for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.03(c), unless the aggregate 
dollar amount of all claims for indemnification pursuant to such section 
shall exceed $500,000, in which case the Costamare Seller or the York 
Parties shall be liable for claims for indemnification only to the extent 
such aggregate amount exceeds $500,000. The limitations set forth in this 
Section 11.04(a) shall also apply to any claim under Section 11.01 or 
11.02, in each case, to the extent related to environmental or health and 
human safety matters.
 
(b) The aggregate liability of the Costamare Seller under Section 11.01 and 
11.03 above shall not exceed its Respective Proportion of the Purchase 
Price. The aggregate liability of the York Parties under Section 11.02 and 
11.03 above shall not exceed their Respective Proportion of the Purchase 
Price. In addition, the aggregate limitations on liability under Section 
11.04(a) above shall be allocated between the Costamare Seller and the York 
Parties according to their Respective Proportion of the Purchase Price.
 
(c) The aggregate liability of the Buyer under Section 11.05 below shall 
not exceed the Purchase Price.
 
(d) Except as otherwise set forth in this Article XI or in Section 13.08, 
the indemnification obligations set forth in this Article XI shall survive 
until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.
 
SECTION 11.05. Indemnity by the Buyer. From and after the Closing, the 
Buyer shall be liable for, and shall indemnify the Costamare Parties, the 
York Parties and their respective subsidiaries and each of their directors, 
employees, agents and representatives (the “Seller Indemnitees”) against 
and hold them harmless from, any Losses, suffered or incurred by such 
Seller Indemnitee:
 
    (a) by reason of or arising out of (i) any inaccuracy in, or breach of,
    any representation or warranty (without giving effect to any supplement
    to the Disclosure Schedules occurring after the date hereof or
    qualifications as to materiality or dollar amount or other similar
    qualifications), or (ii) a failure to perform or observe any covenant,
    agreement or obligation of, the Buyer Entities in or under this
    Agreement or in or under any document, instrument or agreement
 

22

    delivered pursuant to this Agreement by the Buyer Entities; or
     
    (b) with respect to any fees, expenses or other payments incurred or
    owed by the Buyer Entities to any brokers, financial advisors or
    comparable other persons retained or employed by it in connection with
    the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
     
SECTION 11.06. Indemnification Procedures.
 
(a) Each Buyer Indemnitee with respect to a claim for indemnification 
pursuant to Section 11.01, 11.02 or 11.03 and each Seller Indemnitee with 
respect to a claim for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.05 (as 
applicable, the “Indemnified Party”) agrees that within a reasonable period 
of time after the Indemnified Party become aware of facts giving rise to a 
claim for indemnification pursuant to this Article XI, Buyer will provide 
notice thereof in writing to the Costamare Seller or the York Parties (or, 
if applicable, both) with respect to a claim for indemnification pursuant 
to Section 11.01, 11.02 or 11.03 and Buyer with respect to a claim for 
indemnification pursuant to Section 11.05 (as applicable, the “
Indemnifying Party”) specifying the nature of and specific basis for such 
claim.
 
(b) The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to control all aspects of 
the defense of (and any counterclaims with respect to) any claims brought 
against the Indemnified Party, including, without limitation, the selection 
of counsel, determination of whether to appeal any decision of any court 
and the settling of any such matter or any issues relating thereto; 
provided, however, that no such settlement shall be entered into without 
the consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the 
Indemnified Party unless it includes (i) a full release of the Indemnified 
Party from such matter or issues, as the case may be and (ii) no admission 
of fault or wrong doing on the part of any Indemnified Party.
 
(c) Each Indemnified Party agrees to cooperate fully with the Indemnifying 
Party with respect to all aspects of the defense of any claims covered by 
the indemnification set forth in this Article XI, including, without 
limitation, the prompt furnishing to the Indemnifying Party of any 
correspondence or other notice relating thereto that the Indemnified Party 
may receive, permitting the name of the Indemnified Party to be utilized in 
connection with such defense, the making available to the Indemnifying 
Party of any files, records or other information of the Indemnified Party 
that the Indemnifying Party considers relevant to such defense and the 
making available to the Indemnifying Party of any employees of the 
Indemnified Party; provided, however, that in connection therewith the 
Indemnifying Party agrees to use reasonable efforts to minimize the impact 
thereof on the operations of the Indemnified Party and further agrees to 
maintain the confidentiality of all files, records and other information 
furnished by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 11.06 (except 
as the Indemnified Party may consent). In no event shall the obligation of 
the Indemnified Party to cooperate with the Indemnifying Party as set forth 
in the immediately preceding sentence be construed as imposing upon such 
Indemnified Party an obligation to hire and pay for counsel in connection 
with the defense of any claims covered by the indemnification set forth in 
this Article XI; provided, however, that the Indemnified Party may, at its 
own option, cost
 

23

and expense, hire and pay for counsel in connection with any such defense. 
The Indemnifying Party agrees to keep any such counsel hired by the 
Indemnified Party reasonably informed as to the status of any such defense 
(including providing such counsel with such information related to any such 
defense as such counsel may reasonably request) but the Indemnifying Party 
shall have the right to retain sole control over such defense.
 
(d) In determining the amount of any Loss for which any Indemnified Party 
is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, the gross amount of 
the indemnification will be reduced by (i) any insurance proceeds realized 
by the Indemnified Party, and such correlative insurance benefit shall be 
net of any incremental insurance premium that becomes due and payable by 
the Indemnified Party as a result of such claim, and (ii) all amounts 
recovered by the Indemnified Party under contractual indemnities from third 
Persons. The Indemnified Party hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable 
efforts to realize any applicable insurance proceeds or amounts recoverable 
under such contractual indemnities; provided, however, that the costs and 
expenses (including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable 
attorneys’ fees) of the Indemnified Party in connection with such efforts 
shall be promptly reimbursed by the Indemnifying Party in advance of any 
determination of whether such insurance proceeds or other amounts will be 
recoverable.
 
SECTION 11.07. Exclusive Post-Closing Remedy. From and after the Closing, 
and except for any remedies for wilful misconduct or actual fraud, the 
rights and remedies set forth in this Article XI shall constitute the sole 
and exclusive rights and remedies of the Parties under or with respect to 
the subject matter of this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE XII
 
Termination
 
SECTION 12.01. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time 
prior to the Closing Date:
 
(a) by mutual written consent of the Costamare Parties, the York Parties 
and Buyer;
 
(b) by any of the Costamare Parties, the York Parties or Buyer by written 
notice to the others, if:
 
        (i) the Closing shall not have occurred within six months of
        execution of this Agreement, unless such date is extended by the
        mutual written consent of the Costamare Parties, the York Parties
        and Buyer;
         
        (ii) a Governmental Authority has entered any permanent order which
        restrains, enjoins or otherwise prevents the performance of this
        Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions
        contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;
        or
 

24

        (iii) an Applicable Law has been enacted by any Governmental
        Authority which prohibits the consummation of the Closing;
         
       provided that no Party may terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
       Section 12.01(b) if that Party has breached its obligations under
       this Agreement in a manner that shall have proximately caused the
       failure of the Closing to occur by such date;
        
(c) by the Costamare Parties or the York Parties if either of the 
conditions set forth in Section 9.03(a) or 9.03(b) are not satisfied, and 
such failure shall not have been cured within 30 days following written 
notice of such failure;
 
(d) by the Buyer if:
 
       (i) either of the conditions set forth in Section 9.02(b) or 9.03(c)
       are not satisfied, and such failure shall not have been cured within
       30 days following written notice of such failure; or
        
       (ii) the results of any searches, surveys, tests or inspections
       conducted pursuant to Section 8.04 are, in the reasonable opinion of
       the Buyer, unsatisfactory.
        
SECTION 12.02. Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of 
this Agreement pursuant to Section 12.01, this Agreement shall become void 
and have no effect, without any liability to any Person in respect hereof 
or the transaction contemplated hereby on the part of any Party, or any of 
its directors, officers, employees, agents, legal and financial advisors, 
representatives, stockholders, or affiliates; provided, however, that the 
agreements contained in Section 8.02 (Expenses), this Section 12.02 and 
Article XIII shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE XIII
 
Miscellaneous
 
SECTION 13.01. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable 
to contracts made and to be performed wholly within such jurisdiction 
without giving effect to conflict of law principles thereof other than 
Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law, except to the 
extent that it is mandatory that the law of some other jurisdiction, 
wherein the Vessel is located, shall apply.
 
SECTION 13.02. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously 
in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but 
all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument.
 
SECTION 13.03. Complete Agreement. This Agreement and the Disclosure 
Schedules contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with 
respect to the transactions contemplated herein and, except as provided 
herein, supersede
 

25

all previous oral and written and all contemporaneous oral negotiations, 
commitments, writings and understandings.
 
SECTION 13.04. Interpretation. The headings contained in this Agreement are 
for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement.
 
SECTION 13.05. Severability. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are 
held by any court of competent jurisdiction to contravene, or to be invalid 
under, the laws of any governmental body having jurisdiction over the 
subject matter hereof, such contravention or invalidity shall not 
invalidate the entire Agreement. Instead, this Agreement shall be construed 
as if it did not contain the particular provision or provisions held to be 
invalid, and an equitable adjustment shall be made and necessary provision 
added so as to give effect, as nearly as possible, to the intention of the 
Parties as expressed in this Agreement at the time of execution of this 
Agreement.
 
SECTION 13.06. Third Party Rights. Except to the extent provided in Article 
XI, a Person who is not a party to this Agreement has no right to enforce 
or to enjoy the benefit of any term of this Agreement.
 
SECTION 13.07. Notices. Any notice, claim or demand in connection with this 
Agreement shall be delivered to the parties at the following addresses (or 
at such other address or facsimile number for a party as may be designated 
by notice by such party to the other party):
 
(a) 	if to COSTAMARE INC., as follows:
  	 
  	
Costamare Inc.
60 Zephyrou Street & Syngrou Avenue
17564 Athens Greece
Telephone: +30-210-949-0050
Fax: +30-210-949-6454
Attention: Anastassios Gabrielides (General Counsel and Secretary)
 
 (b) 	if to COSTAMARE VENTURES INC., as follows:
  	 
  	Costamare Ventures Inc.
60 Zephyrou Street & Syngrou Avenue
17564 Athens Greece
Telephone: +30-210-949-0050
Fax: +30-210-949-6454
Attention: Anastassios Gabrielides (General Counsel and Secretary)
 
(c) 	if to SPARROW HOLDINGS L.P., as follows:
  	 
  	Sparrow Holdings L.P.
[•]
 

26

  	[•]
Telephone: +[•]
Fax: +[•]
  	Attention: [•]
            
(d) 	if to BLUEBIRD HOLDINGS L.P., as follows:
  	 
  	
Bluebird Holdings L.P.
[•]
[•]
Telephone: +[•]
Fax: +[•]
Attention: [•]
            
(e) 	if to COSTAMARE PARTNERS GP LLC, as follows:
  	 
  	
Costamare Partners GP LLC
60 Zephyrou Street & Syngrou Avenue
17564 Athens Greece
Telephone: +30-210-949-0050
Fax: +30-210-949-6454
Attention: [Konstantinos Konstantakopoulos] (Chief Executive Officer)
            
(f) 	if to COSTAMARE PARTNERS LP, as follows:
  	 
  	
Costamare Partners LP
60 Zephyrou Street & Syngrou Avenue
17564 Athens Greece
Telephone: +30-210-949-0050
Fax: +30-210-949-6454
Attention: [Konstantinos Konstantakopoulos] (Chief Executive Officer)
     
and any such notice shall be deemed to have been received (i) on the next 
working day in the place to which it is sent, if sent by facsimile or (ii) 
forty eight (48) hours from the time of dispatch, if sent by courier.
 
SECTION 13.08. Representations and Warranties to Survive. All 
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall survive 
the Closing and shall remain operative and in full force and effect after 
the Closing, regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of 
any Party or its affiliates, any Person controlling any Party, its officers 
or directors, and (b) delivery of and payment for the Shares, for a period 
of three years from the date of this Agreement. At the end of such three 
year period, such representations and warranties will terminate, and no 
claim may be brought in respect of such representations and warranties 
under Article XI or otherwise, except for claims that have been asserted 
prior to such date.
 

27

SECTION 13.09. Remedies. Except as expressly provided in Section 11.07, the 
rights, obligations and remedies created by this Agreement are cumulative 
and in addition to any other rights, obligations or remedies otherwise 
available at law or in equity. Except as expressly provided in this 
Agreement, nothing in this Agreement will be considered an election of 
remedies.
 
SECTION 13.10. Several and Not Joint Liability. Any representations, 
obligations or liabilities of any of the Costamare Parties, on the one 
hand, and of the York Parties, on the other hand, shall be several but not 
joint. To the extent any such representations, obligations or liabilities 
are of any of the Costamare Parties, on the one hand, and of the York 
Parties, on the other hand, they shall be several but not joint and shall 
be proportional in accordance with the Respective Proportions.
 
SECTION 13.11. General Partner. The General Partner has full power and 
authority to do all things and on such terms as it determines to be 
necessary on behalf of the Buyer for all matters in connection with or 
arising out of this Agreement and shall take all actions on behalf of the 
Buyer hereunder unless and until the General Partner exercises its right to 
delegate management of the Buyer to the board of directors of the Buyer. 
Neither the General Partner nor any other owner of Equity Interests in the 
Buyer shall be liable for the obligations of the Buyer under this Agreement 
or any of the related transaction documents, including, in each case, by 
reason of any payment obligation imposed by governing partnership statutes.
 

28

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to 
be signed as of the date first above written.
 
COSTAMARE INC., 	 
  	  	 
  	by 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
 
COSTAMARE VENTURES INC., 	 
  	 
  	by 	 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
 
SPARROW HOLDINGS L.P., 	 
  	  	 
  	by 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
 
BLUEBIRD HOLDINGS L.P., 	 
  	 
  	by 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
 
COSTAMARE PARTNERS GP LLC, 	 
  	 
  	by 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
 

29

COSTAMARE PARTNERS LP, 	 
  	  	 
  	by 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
 

Schedule
 
Respective Proportions
 
The Costamare Seller 	 [•]%
  	 
The York Parties 	 [•]%
 