 EX-10.1 2 exhibit10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is effective October 1, 2014 
(the Effective Date), by and between ARKANOVA ENERGY CORPORATION, a 
Nevada corporation (the Company), and PIERRE G. MULACEK, an individual 
and resident of 1208 Marly Way, Austin, Texas 78733 (the "Executive").

WHEREAS, the Company is in the business of locating, acquiring and 
exploring oil and gas properties;

WHEREAS, the Executive has experience in the control and senior management 
functions of companies in the oil & gas industry in particular; and

WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed by the Company and the 
Executive and the Company seek to enter into this Agreement, to be 
effective upon the Effective Date.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, 
the parties agree as follows:

1.      Employment. On the Effective Date, the Executive is hereby employed 
and engaged to serve the Company as President and Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company, and such additional titles as the Companys board of 
directors (the Board) may specify from time to time, and the Executive 
does hereby accept and agree to such engagement and employment.

2.      Employment Term. This Agreement has a term of one (1) year, 
beginning on the Effective Date (the Employment Term). Upon expiration of 
the initial Employment Term, this Agreement will automatically renew for 
another one (1) year unless terminated in writing by either party no less 
than sixty (60) days prior to the expiration or by either party pursuant to 
Section 16 of this Agreement.

3.      Directorship. Provided the Executive is not in breach of any terms 
of this Agreement, and during the Employment Term, the Company agrees to 
nominate the Executive for election as a director of the Company at all 
meetings of stockholders held for the purpose of electing directors.

4.      Duties. The Executive will be responsible for the overall 
development and operations of the Company. In addition, the Executives 
duties will entail:

  	(a) 	

those duties customarily performed by the Chief Executive Officer of a 
company with revenues and number of employees commensurate with those of 
the Company; and

  	  	 
  	(b) 	

such duties and responsibilities as the Board determines, assigns or 
reassigns to the Executive in its sole and absolute discretion,

(all of which are collectively the Duties).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.      Best Efforts of the Executive. During his employment hereunder, the 
Executive must:

  	(a) 	

devote his business time, best efforts, business judgment, skill, and 
knowledge to the advancement of the Company's interests and to the 
discharge of his duties and responsibilities hereunder;

  	  	 
  	(b) 	

diligently and faithfully execute and perform the Duties and 
responsibilities, subject to the general supervision and control of the 
Board; and

  	  	 
  	(c) 	

conduct and maintain a professional relationship with all parties 
interacting with the Company with the utmost regard for honesty and 
integrity.

6.      Business Opportunities. During the Employment Term, the Executive 
agrees to bring to the attention of the Board all written business 
proposals that come to the Executives attention and all business or 
investment opportunities of an oil and gas nature that are created or 
devised by the Executive and that relate to areas in which the Company 
conducts business and might reasonably be expected to be of benefit or 
interest to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Executive may not 
participate in or compete within a 25 mile radius of existing projects.

7.      Other Business, etc. The Company recognizes that the Executive is 
actively engaged in other business, investments, and personal pursuits. 
Nothing in this Agreement precludes the Executive from devoting reasonable 
periods required for:

(a) 	

serving as a director or member of a committee of any organization or 
corporation involving no conflict of interest with the interests of the 
Company;

  	  	 
(b) 	

serving as a consultant in his area of expertise (in areas other than in 
connection with the business of the Company), to government, industrial, 
and academic panels where it does not conflict with the interests of the 
Company; and

  	  	 
(c) 	

managing his personal investments or engaging in any other business; 
provided that such activities do not interfere with the regular performance 
of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement as determined by 
the Company.

  	  	 
8.      Compensation of the Executive.
  	  	 
(a) 	

As compensation for the services provided by the Executive under this 
Agreement, the Company will pay the Executive an annual salary of 
$240,000.00, to be paid in accordance with the Company's usual payroll 
procedures (the Salary).

  	  	 
(b) 	

In addition to the Salary, the Executive may be eligible to receive an 
annual bonus determined by the Board based on the performance of the 
Company.

9.      Stock Option Grant. The Company may, in its discretion, grant to 
the Executive incentive stock options to acquire shares of the Companys 
common stock on such terms as are approved by the Board and in accordance 
with applicable securities laws.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

10.      Benefits. The Executive will also be entitled to participate in 
any and all Company benefit plans, from time to time, in effect for 
employees of the Company. Such participation will be subject to the terms 
of the applicable plan documents and generally applicable Company policies.

11.      Vacation, Sick Leave and Holidays. The Executive is entitled paid 
vacation in accordance with Company policies established and in effect from 
time to time, with such vacation to be scheduled and taken in accordance 
with the Companys standard vacation policies. In addition, the Executive 
is entitled to such sick leave and holidays at full pay in accordance with 
the Companys policies established and in effect from time to time.

12.      Business Expenses. The Company must promptly reimburse the 
Executive for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in 
performing the Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder in 
accordance with the Company's policies, provided the Executive promptly 
furnishes to the Company adequate records of such expenses.

13.      Location of the Executive's Activities. The Executives principal 
place of business in the performance of his duties and obligations under 
this Agreement will be in either the Houston or Austin metropolitan areas, 
as determined by the Company in its discretion. Notwithstanding the 
preceding sentence, the Executive will engage in such travel and spend such 
time in other places as may be necessary or appropriate in furtherance of 
his duties hereunder.

14.      Confidentiality. The Executive recognizes that the Company has and 
will have business affairs, products, future plans, trade secrets, customer 
lists, and other vital information (collectively "Confidential Information
") that are valuable assets of the Company. The Executive agrees that he 
will not at any time or in any manner, either directly or indirectly, 
divulge, disclose, or communicate in any manner any Confidential 
Information to any third party without the prior written consent of the 
Board. The Executive must protect the Confidential Information and treat it 
as strictly confidential.

15.      Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify the Executive 
from and against any and all actions, causes of action, claims, demands or 
other proceedings made against the Executive in the course of or as a 
result of his position as a director and officer of the Company, provided 
that the Company will not be liable for any action for the Executives 
gross negligence or willful neglect.

16.      Termination. Except as provided in Section 2 of this Agreement, 
the Executives employment hereunder will terminate under the following 
circumstances:

  	(a) 	

Voluntary Termination by the Executive. The Executive has the right to 
voluntarily terminate this Agreement and his employment hereunder at any 
time during the Employment Term upon three months prior written notice.

  	  	 
  	(b) 	

Voluntary Termination by the Company. The Company has the right to 
voluntarily terminate this Agreement and the Executives employment 
hereunder at any time during the Employment Term upon three months prior 
written notice.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	(c) 	

Termination for Cause. The Company has the right to terminate this 
Agreement and the Executives employment hereunder at any time for cause. 
As used in this Agreement, "cause" means any of the following:

  	  	  	 
  	 	(i) 	

Refusal by the Executive to implement or adhere to lawful policies or 
directives of the Board;

  	  	  	 
  	 	(ii) 	

Breach of this Agreement by the Executive;

  	  	  	 
  	 	(iii) 	

The Executives conviction of a felony;

  	  	  	 
  	 	(iv) 	

The Executives conviction of a misdemeanor involving fraud, theft, deceit, 
misrepresentation, conspiracy, breach of trust or breach of fiduciary duty;

  	  	  	 
  	 	(v) 	

The Executive receiving a reprimand, suspension, fine or other 
administrative penalty from the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or state regulator in a matter that involves fraud, theft, 
deceit, misrepresentation, conspiracy, breach of trust, breach of fiduciary 
duty or insider trading that is made after the date of this signed 
contract; or

  	  	  	 
  	 	(vi) 	

Breach of fiduciary duty or the misappropriation by the Executive of funds 
from or resources of the Company.

  	  	  	 
  	 	

Cause will not be deemed to exist unless the Company has first given the 
Executive a written notice thereof specifying in reasonable detail the 
facts and circumstances alleged to constitute "cause" and, thirty (30) days 
after such notice has been given, such conduct has, or such circumstances 
have, as the case may be, not entirely ceased and not been entirely 
remedied.

  	  	  	 
  	(d) 	

Termination Upon Death or for Disability. This Agreement and the 
Executives employment hereunder, will automatically terminate upon:

  	  	  	 
  	 	

(i)

the Executives death; or
  	  	  	 
  	 	

(ii)

upon written notice to the Executive and certification of the Executives 
disability by a qualified physician or a panel of qualified physicians if 
the Executive becomes disabled beyond a period of twelve (12) months and is 
unable to perform the duties contain in this Agreement.
  	  	  	 
  	(e) 	

Termination on Change of Control.

  	  	  	 
  	 	(i) 	

Change of Control Event means the occurrence of any one of the events set 
out in Subsections A. to C. below:

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	A. 	

The acquisition, other than from the Company, by any individual, entity or 
group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of beneficial ownership of 50% 
or more of either the then outstanding shares of common stock of the 
Company or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting 
securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of 
directors,

  	  	 
  	B. 	

The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a reorganization, merger 
or consolidation of the Company in which the individuals and entities who 
were the respective beneficial owners of the common stock and voting 
securities of the Company immediately prior to such reorganization, merger 
or consolidation do not, following such reorganization, merger or 
consolidation, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, 
respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined 
voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote 
generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the 
corporation resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation; or

  	  	 
  	C. 	

A liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the sale or disposition of 
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, which, for greater 
certainty, is deemed to occur in the event the Company sells or disposes of 
all or substantially all of the assets of a subsidiary of the Company.

In the case of the occurrence of any of the events set forth in this 
Section 16(e), a Change of Control Event will be deemed to occur 
immediately prior to the occurrence of any such events. The following will 
not constitute a Change of Control Event:

  	D. 	

If the sole purpose of the event is to change the jurisdiction of the 
Companys organization or to create a holding Company, partnership or trust 
that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who 
held the Companys securities immediately before such event; or

  	  	 
  	E. 	

If the Executive is part of a purchasing group that consummates the Change 
of Control Event.


  	(ii) 	

If a Change of Control Event occurs with respect to the Company, the 
Executives Employment will automatically terminate and the Company will 
pay the Executive an amount equal to the total of:

  	  	  	 
  	 	A. 	

the Salary for a period of 18 months; and

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	  	 	B. 	

the Executives cost for a period of 18 months to obtain family and/or 
spousal health insurance that is similar in coverage to that provided to 
the Executive as of the date of the Change of Control,

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 	

which amount is payable within 30 days of the Change of Control Event.

  	  	  	  	 
  	(f) 	

Effect of Termination.

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	(i) 	

In the event that this Agreement and the Executives employment is 
terminated for cause pursuant to Section 16(c), all obligations of the 
Company and all duties, responsibilities and obligations of the Executive 
under this Agreement will cease upon the effective date of such 
termination. Upon such termination, the Executive will be entitled to 
receive only the compensation, benefits, and reimbursement earned by or 
accrued to the Executive under the terms of this Agreement prior to the 
date of termination, but will not be entitled to any further compensation, 
benefits, or reimbursement after such date.

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	(ii) 	

In the event the Executive or the Company voluntarily terminates this 
Agreement pursuant to Sections 16(a) or 16(b), or in the event of the 
termination of this Agreement upon death or disability of the Executive 
pursuant to Section 16(d), the Executive will be entitled to all 
compensation pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement for the period through 
the effective termination date, provided that, in the case of death or 
disability, payment may be made to the Executives appointed trustee.

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	(iii) 	

Other than as set forth above, the Executive will not be entitled to any 
further compensation, benefits, or reimbursement after the date of his 
termination.

  	  	  	  	 
  	(g) 	 	

Resignation as Director. In the event that the Executives employment is 
terminated by the Company for cause, the Executive agrees to immediately 
resign as a director of the Company and any related entities. For the 
purposes of this Section 16, the term the Company will be deemed to 
include subsidiaries, parents, and affiliates of the Company.

17.      Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement will be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas 
without giving effect to any applicable conflicts of law provisions.

18.      The Executives Representations and Warranties. The Executive 
hereby represents and warrants that he is not under any contractual 
obligation to any other company, entity or individual that would prohibit 
or impede the Executive from performing his duties and responsibilities 
under this Agreement and that he is free to enter into and perform the 
duties and responsibilities required by this Agreement. The Executive 
hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its officers, 
directors, employees, shareholders and agents harmless in connection with 
the representations and warranties made by the Executive in this Section 
18.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

19.      Notices. All demands, notices, and other communications to be 
given hereunder, if any, must be in writing and will be sufficient for all 
purposes if personally delivered, sent by facsimile or sent by United 
States mail to the address below or such other address or addresses as such 
party may hereafter designate in writing to the other party as herein 
provided.

  	The Company: 	The Executive:
  	Arkanova Energy Corporation 	Pierre G. Mulacek
  	305 Camp Craft Road, Suite 525, 	1208 Marly Way, Austin,
  	Austin, TX 78746 	Texas 78733

20.      Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of 
the parties and there are no other promises or conditions in any other 
agreement, whether oral or written. This Agreement supersedes any prior 
written or oral agreements between the parties. This Agreement may be 
modified or amended, if the amendment is made in writing and is signed by 
both parties.

21.      No Assignment of Agreement. This Agreement is for the unique 
personal services of the Executive and is not assignable or delegable, in 
whole or in part, by the Executive or the Company.

22.      Currency. All dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement are in 
lawful money of the United States.

23.      Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for 
reference only and do not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation 
of this Agreement.

24.      Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will 
continue to be valid and enforceable.

25.      No Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of 
this Agreement is not be construed as a waiver or limitation of that 
party's right to subsequently enforce and compel strict compliance with 
every provision of this Agreement.

26.      Independent Legal Advice. The Executive acknowledges that he has 
read and understands this Agreement, and acknowledges that:

  	(a) 	

he has read and understands this Agreement;

  	  	 
  	(b) 	

Clark Wilson LLP acts solely for the Company with respect to the 
preparation of this Agreement and cannot provide the Executive with any 
advice regarding same; and

  	  	 
  	(c) 	

he has had the opportunity to obtain independent legal advice to respect to 
this Agreement.

27.      Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two 
or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same instrument and, in pleading 
or proving any provision of this Agreement, it will not be necessary to 
produce more than one of such counterparts.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day 
and year first above written.

ARKANOVA ENERGY CORPORATION

By: /s/ Erich Hofer 	/s/ Pierre G. Mulacek
     Erich Hofer, Independent Director 	PIERRE G. MULACEK

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------