 EX-10.4 5 a14-23010_1ex10d4.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4
 
DERMIRA, INC.
 
2014 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
 
1.                                      Purpose.  Dermira, Inc. adopted 
this Plan effective as of the date of the IPO. The purpose of this Plan is 
to provide eligible employees of the Company and the Participating 
Corporations with a means of acquiring an equity interest in the Company 
through payroll deductions, to enhance such employees sense of 
participation in the affairs of the Company and Participating Corporations, 
and to provide an incentive for continued employment. Capitalized terms not 
defined elsewhere in the text are defined in Section 28.
 
2.                                      Establishment of Plan.  Dermira, 
Inc. proposes to grant rights to purchase shares of Common Stock to 
eligible employees of the Company and its Participating Corporations 
pursuant to this Plan.  The Company intends this Plan to qualify as an 
employee stock purchase plan under Code Section 423 (including any 
amendments to or replacements of such Section), and this Plan shall be so 
construed.  Any term not expressly defined in this Plan but defined for 
purposes of Code Section 423 shall have the same definition herein.  In 
addition, with regard to offers of options to purchase shares of the Common 
Stock under the Plan to employees outside the United States working for a 
Subsidiary or an Affiliate of the Company that is not a Subsidiary, the 
Board may offer a subplan or an option that is not intended to meet the 
Code Section 423 requirements, provided, if necessary under Code Section 
423, that the other terms and conditions of the Plan are met.  Subject to 
Section 14, a total of 301,724(1) Shares is reserved for issuance under 
this Plan.  In addition, on each January 1 of each calendar year, the 
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the 
Plan shall be increased automatically by the number of shares equal to one 
percent (1%) of the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock on 
the immediately preceding December 31 (rounded down to the nearest whole 
share); provided, that the Board or the Committee may in its sole 
discretion reduce the amount of the increase in any particular year. 
Subject to Section 14, no more than 6,034,482 shares of Common Stock may be 
issued over the term of this Plan.  The number of shares initially reserved 
for issuance under this Plan and the maximum number of shares that may be 
issued under this Plan shall be subject to adjustments effected in 
accordance with Section 14 of this Plan.
 
3.                                      Administration.  The Plan will be 
administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or by the Board 
(either referred to herein as the Committee).  Subject to the provisions 
of this Plan and the limitations of Code Section 423 or any successor 
provision in the Code, all questions of interpretation or application of 
this Plan shall be determined by the Committee and its decisions shall be 
final and binding upon all Participants.  The Committee will have full and 
exclusive discretionary authority to construe, interpret and apply the 
terms of the Plan, to designate the Participating Corporations, to 
determine when to grant options that are not intended to meet Code Section 
423 requirements and to determine eligibility and decide upon any and all 
claims filed under the Plan.  Every finding, decision and determination 
made by the Committee will, to the full extent permitted by law, be final 
and binding upon all parties.  Notwithstanding any provision to the 
contrary in this Plan, the Committee may adopt rules, sub-plans and/or 
procedures relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to 
accommodate requirements of local law and procedures outside of the United 
States.  The Committee will have the authority to determine the Fair Market 
Value of the Common Stock (which determination shall be final, binding and 
conclusive for all purposes) in accordance with Section 8 below and to 
interpret Section 8 of the Plan in connection with circumstances that 
impact the Fair Market Value.  Members of the Committee shall receive no 
compensation for their services in connection with the administration of 
this Plan, other than standard fees as established from time to time by the 
Board for services rendered by Board members serving on the Board or its 
committees.  All expenses incurred in
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  (1)         Share numbers referred to in this 2014 Employee Stock
  Purchase Plan reflect the 5.8-to-1 reverse stock split of the Companys
  outstanding capital stock that was effected on September 18, 2014.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
connection with the administration of this Plan shall be paid by the 
Company.  For purposes of this Plan, the Committee may designate separate 
offerings under the Plan (the terms of which need not be identical) in 
which eligible employees of one or more Participating Corporations will 
participate, even if the dates of the applicable Offering Periods of each 
such offering are identical.
 
4.                                      Eligibility.  Any employee of the 
Company or the Participating Corporations is eligible to participate in an 
Offering Period under this Plan, except that one or more of the following 
categories of employees may be excluded from coverage under the Plan by the 
Committee (other than where prohibited by applicable law):
 
(a)                                 employees who are not employed by the 
Company or a Participating Corporation prior to the beginning of such 
Offering Period or prior to such other time period as specified by the 
Committee;
 
(b)                                 employees who are customarily employed 
for twenty (20) hours or less per week;
 
(c)                                  employees who are customarily employed 
for five (5) months or less in a calendar year;
 
(d)                                 employees who, together with any other 
person whose stock would be attributed to such employee pursuant to Section 
424(d) of the Code, own stock or hold options to purchase stock possessing 
five percent (5%) or more of the total combined voting power or value of 
all classes of stock of the Company or any of its Participating 
Corporations or who, as a result of being granted an option under this Plan 
with respect to such Offering Period, would own stock or hold options to 
purchase stock possessing five percent (5%) or more of the total combined 
voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or any of its 
Participating Corporations;
 
(e)                                  employees who do not meet any other 
eligibility requirements that the Committee may choose to impose (within 
the limits permitted by the Code); and
 
(f)                                   individuals who provide services to 
the Company or any of its Participating Corporations as independent 
contractors who are reclassified as common law employees for any reason 
except for federal income and employment tax purposes.
 
The foregoing notwithstanding, an individual shall not be eligible if his 
or her participation in the Plan is prohibited by the law of any country 
that has jurisdiction over him or her, if complying with the laws of the 
applicable country would cause the Plan to violate Code Section 423, or if 
he or she is subject to a collective bargaining agreement that does not 
provide for participation in the Plan.
 
5.                                      Offering Dates.
 
(a)                                 While the Plan is in effect, the 
Committee shall determine the duration and commencement date of each 
Offering Period, provided that an Offering Period shall in no event be 
longer than twenty-seven (27) months, except as otherwise provided by an 
applicable subplan. Each Offering Period may consist of one or more 
Purchase Periods during which payroll deductions of Participants are 
accumulated under this Plan.  While the Plan is in effect, the Committee 
shall determine the duration and commencement date of each Purchase Period, 
provided that a Purchase Period shall in no event end later than the close 
of the Offering Period in which it begins. Purchase Periods shall be 
consecutive.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 The initial Offering Period shall 
commence on the Effective Date, and shall end with the Purchase Date that 
occurs on November 15, 2016, or another date selected by the Committee 
which is approximately twenty four months after the Effective Date, but no 
more than twenty-seven (27) months after the Effective Date.  The initial 
Offering Period shall consist of four Purchase Periods. The initial 
Purchase Period shall end on the May 15 or November 15 that first occurs 
six (6) months or more after the Effective Date, and subsequent six-month 
Purchase Periods shall occur until the end of the initial Offering Period.  
Thereafter, a twenty-four month Offering Period shall commence on each May 
15 and November 15, with each such Offering Period consisting of four 
six-month Purchase Periods, except as otherwise provided by an applicable 
subplan, or on such other date determined by the Committee.  The Committee 
may at any time establish a different duration for an Offering Period or 
Purchase Period to be effective after the next scheduled Purchase Date.
 
6.                                      Participation in this Plan.
 
(a)                                 Any employee who is an eligible 
employee determined in accordance with Section 4 immediately prior to the 
initial Offering Period will be automatically enrolled in the initial 
Offering Period under this Plan at a contribution level equal to fifteen 
percent (15%).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an eligible employee may 
elect to decrease his or her contribution rate for the initial Offering 
Period under the Plan by delivering a subscription agreement to the Company 
and/or by affecting such decrease through an authorized third party 
administrator (the Third Party Administrator), within thirty (30) days 
after the filing of an effective registration statement pursuant to Form 
S-8, or such longer time as may be determined by the Committee.
 
(b)                                 With respect to Offering Periods after 
the initial Offering Period, an eligible employee determined in accordance 
with Section 4 may elect to become a Participant by submitting a 
subscription agreement, or electronic representation thereof, to the 
Company and/or via the Third Party Administrators standard process, prior 
to the commencement of the Offering Period to which such agreement relates 
in accordance with such rules as the Committee may determine.
 
(c)                                  Once an employee becomes a Participant 
in an Offering Period, then such Participant will automatically participate 
in each subsequent Offering Period commencing immediately following the 
last day of the prior Offering Period at the same contribution level unless 
the Participant withdraws or is deemed to withdraw from this Plan or 
terminates further participation in an Offering Period as set forth in 
Section 11 below or otherwise notifies the Company of a change in the 
Participants contribution letter by filing an additional subscription 
agreement or electronic representation thereof with the Company and/or the 
Third Party Administrator, prior to the next Offering Period.  A 
Participant that is automatically enrolled in a subsequent Offering Period 
pursuant to this section is not required to file any additional 
subscription agreement in order to continue participation in this Plan.  A 
Participant who is not automatically enrolled pursuant to this section is 
required to file a subscription agreement prior to the commencement of an 
Offering Period (or such earlier date as the Committee may determine) to 
which such agreement relates.
 
7.                                      Grant of Option on Enrollment.  
Becoming a Participant with respect to an Offering Period will constitute 
the grant (as of the Offering Date) by the Company to such Participant of 
an option to purchase on the Purchase Date up to that number of shares of 
Common Stock of the Company determined by a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the amount of the contribution level for such Participant 
multiplied by such Participants Compensation (as defined in Section 9 
below) during such Purchase Period and the denominator of which is the 
lower of (i) eighty-five percent (85%) of the Fair Market Value of a share 
of the Common Stock on the Offering Date (but in no event less than the par
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
value of a share of the Common Stock), or (ii) eighty-five percent (85%) of 
the Fair Market Value of a share of the Common Stock on the Purchase Date 
(but in no event less than the par value of a share of the Common Stock); 
provided, however, that for the Purchase Period within the initial Offering 
Period the numerator shall be fifteen percent (15%) of the Participants 
Compensation for such Purchase Period, or such lower percentage as 
determined by the Committee prior to the Effective Date or pursuant to a 
Participants election to lower the amount as set forth in Section 6(a) 
above, and provided, further, that the number of shares of Common Stock 
subject to any option granted pursuant to this Plan shall not exceed the 
lesser of (x) the maximum number of shares set by the Committee pursuant to 
Section 10(b) below with respect to the applicable Purchase Date, or (y) 
the maximum number of shares which may be purchased pursuant to Section 
10(a) below with respect to the applicable Purchase Date.
 
8.                                      Purchase Price.  The Purchase Price 
per share at which a share of Common Stock will be sold in any Offering 
Period shall be eighty-five percent (85%) of the lesser of:
 
(a)                                 The Fair Market Value on the Offering 
Date; or
 
(b)                                 The Fair Market Value on the Purchase 
Date.
 
9.                                      Payment of Purchase Price; Payroll 
Deduction Changes; Share Issuances.
 
(a)                                 The Purchase Price of the shares is 
accumulated by regular payroll deductions made during each Offering Period, 
unless the Committee determines with respect to categories of Participants 
outside the United States that contributions may be made in another form 
(including payment by check at the end of a Purchase Period) due to local 
legal requirements.  The deductions are made as a percentage of the 
Participants Compensation in one percent (1%) increments not less than one 
percent (1%), nor greater than fifteen percent (15%) or such lower limit 
set by the Committee.  Compensation shall mean base salary and regular 
hourly wages (or in foreign jurisdictions, equivalent cash compensation); 
however, the Committee may at any time prior to the beginning of an 
Offering Period determine that for that and future Offering Periods, 
Compensation shall mean all W-2 cash compensation, including without 
limitation base salary or regular hourly wages, bonuses, incentive 
compensation, commissions, overtime, shift premiums, plus draws against 
commissions (or in foreign jurisdictions, equivalent cash compensation).  
For purposes of determining a Participants Compensation, any election by 
such Participant to reduce his or her regular cash remuneration under 
Sections 125 or 401(k) of the Code (or in foreign jurisdictions, equivalent 
salary deductions) shall be treated as if the Participant did not make such 
election.  Payroll deductions shall commence on the first payday following 
the last Purchase Date (with respect to the initial Offering Period, as 
soon as practicable following the effective date of filing with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission a securities registration statement for 
the Plan) and shall continue to the end of the Offering Period unless 
sooner altered or terminated as provided in this Plan.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the terms of any subplan may permit matching shares without the 
payment of any purchase price.
 
(b)                                 Subject to Section 25 below and to the 
rules of the Committee, a Participant may decrease the rate of payroll 
deductions during an Offering Period by filing with the Company a new 
authorization for payroll deductions, with the new rate to become effective 
no later than the second payroll period commencing after the Companys 
receipt of the authorization and continuing for the remainder of the 
Offering Period unless changed as described below.  A decrease in the rate 
of payroll deductions may be made twice during an Offering Period or more 
frequently under rules determined by the Committee.  A Participant may 
increase or decrease the rate of payroll deductions for any subsequent 
Offering Period by filing with the Company a new authorization for payroll 
deductions, prior to the beginning of such Offering Period, or such other 
time period as specified by the Committee.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)                                  Subject to Section 25 below and to the 
rules of the Committee, a Participant may reduce his or her payroll 
deduction percentage to zero during an Offering Period by filing with the 
Company a request for cessation of payroll deductions. Such reduction shall 
be effective beginning no later than the second payroll period after the 
Companys receipt of the request and no further payroll deductions will be 
made for the duration of the Offering Period.  Payroll deductions credited 
to the Participants account prior to the effective date of the request 
shall be used to purchase shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 
(e) below.  A reduction of the payroll deduction percentage to zero shall 
be treated as such Participants withdrawal from such Offering Period, and 
the Plan, effective as of the day after the next Purchase Date following 
the filing date of such request with the Company.
 
(d)                                 All payroll deductions made for a 
Participant are credited to his or her account under this Plan and are 
deposited with the general funds of the Company, except to the extent 
required to be segregated due to local legal restrictions outside the 
United States.  No interest accrues on the payroll deductions, except to 
the extent required due to local legal requirements.  All payroll 
deductions received or held by the Company may be used by the Company for 
any corporate purpose, and the Company shall not be obligated to segregate 
such payroll deductions, except to the extent necessary to comply with 
local legal requirements outside the United States.
 
(e)                                  On each Purchase Date, so long as this 
Plan remains in effect and provided that the Participant has not submitted 
a signed and completed withdrawal form before that date which notifies the 
Company and/or the Third Party Administrator that the Participant wishes to 
withdraw from that Offering Period under this Plan and have all payroll 
deductions accumulated in the account maintained on behalf of the 
Participant as of that date returned to the Participant, the Company shall 
apply the funds then in the Participants account to the purchase of whole 
shares of Common Stock reserved under the option granted to such 
Participant with respect to the Offering Period to the extent that such 
option is exercisable on the Purchase Date.  The Purchase Price per share 
shall be as specified in Section 8 of this Plan.  Any fractional share, as 
calculated under this Section (e), shall be rounded down to the next lower 
whole share, unless the Committee determines with respect to all 
Participants that any fractional share shall be credited as a fractional 
share. Any amount remaining in a Participants account on a Purchase Date 
which is less than the amount necessary to purchase a full share of Common 
Stock shall be carried forward into the next Purchase Period or Offering 
Period, as the case may be (except to the extent required due to local 
legal requirements outside the United States), as otherwise determined by 
the Committee.  In the event that this Plan has been oversubscribed, all 
funds not used to purchase shares on the Purchase Date shall be returned to 
the Participant, without interest (except to the extent required due to 
local legal requirements outside the United States).  No Common Stock shall 
be purchased on a Purchase Date on behalf of any employee whose 
participation in this Plan has terminated prior to such Purchase Date, 
except to the extent required due to local legal requirements outside the 
United States.
 
(f)                                   As promptly as practicable after the 
Purchase Date, the Company shall issue shares for the Participants benefit 
representing the shares purchased upon exercise of his or her option.
 
(g)                                  During a Participants lifetime, his 
or her option to purchase shares hereunder is exercisable only by him or 
her.  The Participant will have no interest or voting right in shares 
covered by his or her option until such option has been exercised.
 
(h)                                 To the extent required by applicable 
federal, state, local or foreign law, a Participant shall make arrangements 
satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any withholding tax 
obligations that arise in connection with the Plan. The Company or any 
Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, may withhold, by any method 
permissible under the applicable law, the amount necessary for
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Company or Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, to meet applicable 
withholding obligations, including any withholding required to make 
available to the Company or Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, any tax 
deductions or benefits attributable to the sale or early disposition of 
shares of Common Stock by a Participant. The Company shall not be required 
to issue any shares of Common Stock under the Plan until such obligations 
are satisfied.
 
10.                               Limitations on Shares to be Purchased.
 
(a)                                 No Participant shall be entitled to 
purchase stock under any Offering Period at a rate which, when aggregated 
with such Participants rights to purchase stock, that are also outstanding 
in the same calendar year(s) (whether under other Offering Periods or other 
employee stock purchase plans of the Company, its Parent and its 
Subsidiaries), exceeds $25,000 in Fair Market Value, determined as of the 
Offering Date, (or such other limit as may be imposed by the Code) for each 
calendar year in which such Offering Period is in effect (hereinafter the 
Maximum Share Amount).  The Company may automatically suspend the payroll 
deductions of any Participant as necessary to enforce such limit provided 
that when the Company automatically resumes such payroll deductions, the 
Company must apply the rate in effect immediately prior to such suspension.
 
(b)                                 The Committee may, in its sole 
discretion, set a lower maximum number of shares which may be purchased by 
any Participant during any Offering Period than that determined under 
Section 10(a) above, which shall then be the Maximum Share Amount for 
subsequent Offering Periods; provided, however, in no event shall a 
Participant be permitted to purchase more than 1,551 Shares during any one 
Purchase Period, irrespective of the Maximum Share Amount set forth in (a) 
and (b) hereof.  If a new Maximum Share Amount is set, then all 
Participants will be notified of such Maximum Share Amount prior to the 
commencement of the next Offering Period for which it is to be effective.  
The Maximum Share Amount shall continue to apply with respect to all 
succeeding Offering Periods unless revised by the Committee as set forth 
above.
 
(c)                                  If the number of shares to be 
purchased on a Purchase Date by all Participants exceeds the number of 
shares then available for issuance under this Plan, then the Company will 
make a pro rata allocation of the remaining shares in as uniform a manner 
as shall be reasonably practicable and as the Committee shall determine to 
be equitable.  In such event, the Company will give written notice of such 
reduction of the number of shares to be purchased under a Participants 
option to each Participant affected.
 
(d)                                 Any payroll deductions accumulated in a 
Participants account which are not used to purchase stock due to the 
limitations in this Section 10, and not covered by Section 9(e), shall be 
returned to the Participant as soon as administratively practicable after 
the end of the applicable Purchase Period, without interest (except to the 
extent required due to local legal requirements outside the United States).
 
11.                               Withdrawal.
 
(a)                                 Each Participant may withdraw from an 
Offering Period under this Plan pursuant to a method specified for such 
purpose by the Company.  Such withdrawal may be elected at any time prior 
to the end of an Offering Period, or such other time period as specified by 
the Committee.
 
(b)                                 Upon withdrawal from this Plan, the 
accumulated payroll deductions shall be returned to the withdrawn 
Participant, without interest (except to the extent required due to local 
legal requirements outside the United States), and his or her interest in 
this Plan shall terminate.  In the event a
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

        
Participant voluntarily elects to withdraw from this Plan, he or she may 
not resume his or her participation in this Plan during the same Offering 
Period, but he or she may participate in any Offering Period under this 
Plan which commences on a date subsequent to such withdrawal by filing a 
new authorization for payroll deductions in the same manner as set forth in 
Section 6 above for initial participation in this Plan.
 
(c)                                  To the extent applicable, if the Fair 
Market Value on the first day of the current Offering Period in which a 
Participant is enrolled is higher than the Fair Market Value on the first 
day of any subsequent Purchase Period, the current Offering Period shall 
end, a new Offering Period shall begin and the Company will automatically 
enroll such Participant in the subsequent Offering Period.  Any funds 
accumulated in a Participants account prior to the first day of such 
subsequent Offering Period will be applied to the purchase of shares on the 
Purchase Date immediately prior to the first day of such subsequent 
Offering Period, if any.
 
12.                               Termination of Employment.  Termination 
of a Participants employment for any reason, including retirement, death, 
disability, or the failure of a Participant to remain an eligible employee 
of the Company or of a Participating Corporation, immediately terminates 
his or her participation in this Plan.  In such event, accumulated payroll 
deductions credited to the Participants account will be returned to him or 
her or, in the case of his or her death, to his or her legal 
representative, without interest (except to the extent required due to 
local legal requirements outside the United States).  For purposes of this 
Section 12, an employee will not be deemed to have terminated employment or 
failed to remain in the continuous employ of the Company or of a 
Participating Corporation in the case of sick leave, military leave, or any 
other leave of absence approved by the Company; provided that such leave is 
for a period of not more than ninety (90) days or reemployment upon the 
expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute.  The Company 
will have sole discretion to determine whether a Participant has terminated 
employment and the effective date on which the Participant terminated 
employment, regardless of any notice period or garden leave required under 
local law.
 
13.                               Return of Payroll Deductions.  In the 
event a Participants interest in this Plan is terminated by withdrawal, 
termination of employment or otherwise, or in the event this Plan is 
terminated by the Board, the Company shall deliver to the Participant all 
accumulated payroll deductions credited to such Participants account.  No 
interest shall accrue on the payroll deductions of a Participant in this 
Plan (except to the extent required due to local legal requirements outside 
the United States).
 
14.                               Capital Changes.  If the number of 
outstanding shares is changed by a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock 
split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification or 
similar change in the capital structure of the Company, without 
consideration, then the Committee shall adjust the number and class of 
Common Stock that may be delivered under the Plan, the Purchase Price per 
share and the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each option under 
the Plan which has not yet been exercised, and the numerical limits of 
Sections 2 and 10 shall be proportionately adjusted, subject to any 
required action by the Board or the stockholders of the Company and in 
compliance with applicable securities laws; provided that fractions of a 
share will not be issued.
 
15.                               Nonassignability.  Neither payroll 
deductions credited to a Participants account nor any rights with regard 
to the exercise of an option or to receive shares under this Plan may be 
assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of in any way (other 
than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or as provided in 
Section 22 below) by the Participant.  Any such attempt at assignment, 
transfer, pledge or other disposition shall be void and without effect.
 
16.                               Use of Participant Funds and Reports.  
The Company may use all payroll deductions received or held by it under the 
Plan for any corporate purpose, and the Company will not be required to
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
segregate Participant payroll deductions (except to the extent required due 
to local legal requirements outside the United States).  Until shares are 
issued, Participants will only have the rights of an unsecured creditor 
unless otherwise required under local law.  Each Participant shall receive, 
or have access to, promptly after the end of each Purchase Period a report 
of his or her account setting forth the total payroll deductions 
accumulated, the number of shares purchased, the Purchase Price thereof and 
the remaining cash balance, if any, carried forward or refunded, as 
determined by the Committee, to the next Purchase Period or Offering 
Period, as the case may be.
 
17.                               Notice of Disposition.  Each U.S. 
taxpayer Participant shall notify the Company in writing if the Participant 
disposes of any of the shares purchased in any Offering Period pursuant to 
this Plan if such disposition occurs within two (2) years from the Offering 
Date or within one (1) year from the Purchase Date on which such shares 
were purchased (the Notice Period).  The Company may, at any time during 
the Notice Period, place a legend or legends on any certificate 
representing shares acquired pursuant to this Plan requesting the Companys 
transfer agent to notify the Company of any transfer of the shares.  The 
obligation of the Participant to provide such notice shall continue 
notwithstanding the placement of any such legend on the certificates.
 
18.                               No Rights to Continued Employment.  
Neither this Plan nor the grant of any option hereunder shall confer any 
right on any employee to remain in the employ of the Company or any 
Participating Corporation, or restrict the right of the Company or any 
Participating Corporation to terminate such employees employment.
 
19.                               Equal Rights And Privileges.  All 
eligible employees granted an option under this Plan that is intended to 
meet the Code Section 423 requirements shall have equal rights and 
privileges with respect to this Plan or within any separate offering under 
the Plan so that this Plan qualifies as an employee stock purchase plan 
within the meaning of Section 423 or any successor provision of the Code 
and the related regulations.  Any provision of this Plan which is 
inconsistent with Section 423 or any successor provision of the Code shall, 
without further act or amendment by the Company or the Committee, be 
reformed to comply with the requirements of Section 423.  This Section 19 
shall take precedence over all other provisions in this Plan.
 
20.                               Notices.  All notices or other 
communications by a Participant to the Company under or in connection with 
this Plan shall be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form 
specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by 
the Company for the receipt thereof.
 
21.                               Term; Stockholder Approval.  This Plan 
will become effective on the Effective Date.  This Plan shall be approved 
by the stockholders of the Company, in any manner permitted by applicable 
corporate law, within twelve (12) months before or after the date this Plan 
is adopted by the Board.  No purchase of shares that are subject to such 
stockholder approval before becoming available under this Plan shall occur 
prior to stockholder approval of such shares and the Committee may delay 
any Purchase Date and postpone the commencement of any Offering Period 
subsequent to such Purchase Date as deemed necessary or desirable to obtain 
such approval (provided that if a Purchase Date would occur more than 
twenty-four (24) months after commencement of the Offering Period to which 
it relates, then such Purchase Date shall not occur and instead such 
Offering Period shall terminate without the purchase of such shares and 
Participants in such Offering Period shall be refunded their contributions 
without interest).  This Plan shall continue until the earlier to occur of 
(a) termination of this Plan by the Board (which termination may be 
effected by the Board at any time pursuant to Section 25 below), (b) 
issuance of all of the shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under 
this Plan, or (c) the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date under the 
Plan.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
22.                               Designation of Beneficiary.
 
(a)                                 If provided in the subscription 
agreement, a Participant may file a written or electronic designation of a 
beneficiary who is to receive any shares and cash, if any, from the 
Participants account under this Plan in the event of such Participants 
death subsequent to the end of a Purchase Period but prior to delivery to 
him of such shares and cash.  In addition, a Participant may file a written 
or electronic designation of a beneficiary who is to receive any cash from 
the Participants account under this Plan in the event of such 
Participants death prior to a Purchase Date.  Such form shall be valid 
only if it was filed with the Company and/or the Third Party Administrator 
at the prescribed location before the Participants death.
 
(b)                                 Such designation of beneficiary may be 
changed by the Participant at any time by written notice filed with the 
Company at the prescribed location before the Participants death.  In the 
event of the death of a Participant and in the absence of a beneficiary 
validly designated under this Plan who is living at the time of such 
Participants death, the Company shall deliver such cash to the executor or 
administrator of the estate of the Participant, or if no such executor or 
administrator has been appointed (to the knowledge of the Company), the 
Company, in its discretion, may deliver such shares or cash to the spouse 
or, if no spouse is known to the Company, then to any one or more 
dependents or relatives of the Participant, or if no spouse, dependent or 
relative is known to the Company, then to such other person as the Company 
may designate.
 
23.                               Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares; 
Limitation on Sale of Shares.  Shares shall not be issued with respect to 
an option unless the exercise of such option and the issuance and delivery 
of such shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all applicable provisions 
of law, domestic or foreign, including, without limitation, the Securities 
Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, 
and the requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system 
upon which the shares may then be listed, exchange control restrictions 
and/or securities law restrictions outside the United States, and shall be 
further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to 
such compliance.  Shares may be held in trust or subject to further 
restrictions as permitted by any subplan.
 
24.                               Applicable Law.  The Plan shall be 
governed by the substantive laws (excluding the conflict of laws rules) of 
the State of Delaware.
 
25.                               Amendment or Termination.  The Committee, 
in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan, or any 
part thereof, at any time and for any reason. If the Plan is terminated, 
the Committee, in its discretion, may elect to terminate all outstanding 
Offering Periods either immediately or upon completion of the purchase of 
shares of Common Stock on the next Purchase Date (which may be sooner than 
originally scheduled, if determined by the Committee in its discretion), or 
may elect to permit Offering Periods to expire in accordance with their 
terms (and subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 14). If an 
Offering Period is terminated prior to its previously-scheduled expiration, 
all amounts then credited to Participants accounts for such Offering 
Period, which have not been used to purchase shares of Common Stock, shall 
be returned to those Participants (without interest thereon, except as 
otherwise required under local laws) as soon as administratively 
practicable. Further, the Committee will be entitled to establish rules to 
change the Purchase Periods and Offering Periods, limit the frequency 
and/or number of changes in the amount withheld during a Purchase Period or 
an Offering Period, establish the exchange ratio applicable to amounts 
withheld or contributed in a currency other than U.S. dollars, permit 
payroll withholding in excess of the amount designated by a Participant in 
order to adjust for delays or mistakes in the administration of the Plan, 
establish reasonable waiting and
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
adjustment periods and/or accounting and crediting procedures to ensure 
that amounts applied toward the purchase of Common Stock for each 
Participant properly correspond with amounts withheld from the 
Participants base salary, regular hourly wages or other eligible 
compensation, and establish such other limitations or procedures as the 
Committee determines in its sole discretion advisable which are consistent 
with the Plan. Such actions will not require stockholder approval or the 
consent of any Participants.  However, no amendment shall be made without 
approval of the stockholders of the Company (obtained in accordance with 
Section 21 above) within twelve (12) months of the adoption of such 
amendment (or earlier if required by Section 21) if such amendment would: 
(a) increase the number of shares that may be issued under this Plan; or 
(b) change the designation of the employees (or class of employees) 
eligible for participation in this Plan.  In addition, in the event the 
Committee determines that the ongoing operation of the Plan may result in 
unfavorable financial accounting consequences, the Committee may, in its 
discretion and, to the extent necessary or desirable, modify, amend or 
terminate the Plan to reduce or eliminate such accounting consequences 
including, but not limited to:  (i) amending the definition of 
compensation, including with respect to an Offering Period underway at the 
time; (ii) altering the Purchase Price for any Offering Period including an 
Offering Period underway at the time of the change in Purchase Price; (iii) 
shortening any Offering Period by setting a Purchase Date, including an 
Offering Period underway at the time of the Committee action; (iv) reducing 
the maximum percentage of compensation a participant may elect to set aside 
as payroll deductions; and (v) reducing the maximum number of shares of 
Common Stock a Participant may purchase during any Offering Period.  Such 
modifications or amendments will not require approval of the stockholders 
of the Company or the consent of any Participants.
 
26.                               Corporate Transactions.  In the event of 
a Corporate Transaction (as defined below), each outstanding right to 
purchase Common Stock will be assumed or an equivalent option substituted 
by the successor corporation or a parent or a subsidiary of the successor 
corporation.  In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume 
or substitute for the purchase right, the Offering Period with respect to 
which such purchase right relates will be shortened by setting a new 
Purchase Date (the New Purchase Date) and will end on the New Purchase 
Date.  No new Purchase Period shall commence following the execution of a 
definitive agreement whereby the Company will consummate a Corporate 
Transaction if such transaction is consummated. The New Purchase Date shall 
occur on or prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction, as 
determined by the Committee and the Plan shall terminate on the 
consummation of the Corporate Transaction.
 
27.                               Code Section 409A; Tax Qualification.
 
(a)                           Options granted under the Plan generally are 
exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code.  However, options 
granted to U.S. taxpayers which are not intended to meet the Code Section 
423 requirements are intended to be exempt from the application of Section 
409A of the Code under the short-term deferral exception and any 
ambiguities shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such 
intent.  Subject to Section (b), options granted to U.S. taxpayers outside 
of the Code Section 423 requirements shall be subject to such terms and 
conditions that will permit such options to satisfy the requirements of the 
short-term deferral exception available under Section 409A of the Code, 
including the requirement that the shares of Common Stock subject to an 
option be delivered within the short-term deferral period.  Subject to 
Section (b), in the case of a Participant who would otherwise be subject to 
Section 409A of the Code, to the extent the Committee determines that an 
option or the exercise, payment, settlement or deferral thereof is subject 
to Section 409A of the Code, the option shall be granted, exercised, paid, 
settled or deferred in a manner that will comply with Section 409A of the 
Code, including Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued 
thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other 
guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no liability to a 
Participant or any other party if the option that is intended to be exempt 
from or compliant with Section 409A of the Code is not so exempt or 
compliant or for any action taken by the Committee with respect thereto.
 
(b)                           Although the Company may endeavor to (i) 
qualify an option for favorable tax treatment under the laws of the United 
States or jurisdictions outside of the United States or (ii) avoid adverse 
tax treatment (e.g., under Section 409A of the Code), the Company makes no 
representation to that effect and expressly disavows any covenant to 
maintain favorable or avoid unfavorable tax treatment, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Plan, including Section (a).  The Company 
shall be unconstrained in its corporate activities without regard to the 
potential negative tax impact on Participants under the Plan.
 
28.                               Definitions.
 
(a)                           Affiliate means (i) any entity that, 
directly or indirectly, is controlled by, controls or is under common 
control with, the Company and (ii) any entity in which the Company has a 
significant equity interest, in either case as determined by the Committee, 
whether now or hereafter existing.
 
(b)                           Board shall mean the Board of Directors of 
the Company.
 
(c)                            Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended.
 
(d)                           Common Stock shall mean the common stock of 
the Company.
 
(e)                            Company shall mean Dermira, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation.
 
(f)                             Corporate Transaction means the 
occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any person (as such term 
is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the 
beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly 
or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent 
(50%) or more of the total voting power represented by the Companys then 
outstanding voting securities; or (ii) the consummation of the sale or 
disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys 
assets; or (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the 
Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation 
which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding 
immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining 
outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving 
entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting 
power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving 
entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or 
consolidation.
 
(g)                            Effective Date shall mean the date on 
which the Registration Statement covering the initial public offering of 
the shares of Common Stock is declared effective by the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission.
 
(h)                           Exchange Act shall mean the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
(i)                               Fair Market Value shall mean, as of any 
date, the value of a share of Common Stock determined as follows:
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)                               if such Common Stock is publicly traded 
and is then listed on a national securities exchange, its closing price on 
the date of determination on the principal national securities exchange on 
which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as reported in The 
Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable; 
or
 
(ii)                            if such Common Stock is publicly traded but 
is neither listed nor admitted to trading on a national securities 
exchange, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on the date of 
determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source 
as the Committee deems reliable; or
 
(iii)                         if such Common Stock is publicly traded but 
is neither quoted on the Nasdaq Market nor listed or admitted to trading on 
a national securities exchange, the average of the closing bid and asked 
prices on the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal 
or such other source as the Committee deems reliable; or
 
(iv)                        with respect to the initial Offering Period, 
Fair Market Value on the Offering Date shall be the price at which shares 
of Common Stock are offered to the public pursuant to the Registration 
Statement covering the initial public offering of shares of Common Stock; 
and
 
(v)                           if none of the foregoing is applicable, by 
the Committee in good faith.
 
(j)                                    IPO shall mean the initial public 
offering of Common Stock.
 
(k)                                 Offering Date shall mean the first 
business day of each Offering Period.  However, for the initial Offering 
Period the Offering Date shall be the Effective Date.
 
(l)                                     Offering Period shall mean a 
period with respect to which the right to purchase Common Stock may be 
granted under the Plan, as determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 
5(a).
 
(m)                             Parent shall have the same meaning as 
parent corporation in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code.
 
(n)                                 Participant shall mean an eligible 
employee who meets the eligibility requirements set forth in Section 4 and 
who is either automatically enrolled in the initial Offering Period or who 
elects to participate in this Plan pursuant to Section 6(b).
 
(o)                                 Participating Corporation shall mean 
any Parents or Subsidiary or Affiliate that the Board designates from time 
to time as a corporation that shall be eligible to participate in this 
Plan, provided, however, that employees of Affiliates that are designated 
for participation may be granted only options that do not intend to comply 
with the Code Section 423 requirements.
 
(p)                                 Plan shall mean this Dermira, Inc. 
2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
 
(q)                                 Purchase Date shall mean the last 
U.S. business day of each Purchase Period.
 
(r)                                    Purchase Period shall mean a 
period during which contributions may be made toward the purchase of Common 
Stock under the Plan, as determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 
5(b).
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(s)                                   Purchase Price shall mean the price 
at which Participants may purchase a share of Common Stock under the Plan, 
as determined pursuant to Section 8.
 
(t)                                    Subsidiary shall have the same 
meaning as subsidiary corporation in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the 
Code.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
DERMIRA, INC. (THE COMPANY)
2014 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (ESPP)
FORM - IPO
ENROLLMENT/CHANGE FORM
 
SECTION 1:
 
CHECK DESIRED ACTION:
AND COMPLETE SECTIONS:
 
 
 
 
ACTIONS
 
  o       Confirm / Change Contribution Percentage
2 + 4 + 7
 
 
  o       Opt out
2 + 5 + 7
 
 
   
 
SECTION 2:
 
Name:
 
 
 
PERSONAL DATA
 
Home Address:
 
 
 
 
 
Social Security No.:  ooo-oo-oooo
 
 
 
SECTION 3:
 
ENROLLMENT CONFIRMED
 
I understand that my enrollment in the ESPP is effective at the beginning 
of the Offering Period and as a result of that enrollment I am electing to 
purchase shares of the Common Stock of the Company pursuant to the ESPP.  I 
understand that the stock certificate(s) for the shares purchased on my 
behalf will be issued in street name and deposited directly into my 
brokerage account.  I hereby agree to take all steps, and sign all forms, 
required to establish an account with the Companys broker for this 
purpose.
 
My participation will continue as long as I remain eligible, unless I 
withdraw from the ESPP by filing a new Enrollment/Change Form with the 
Company.  I understand that I must notify the Company of any disposition of 
shares purchased under the ESPP.
 
 
 
SECTION 4:
 
ELECT / CHANGE CONTRIBUTION PERCENTAGE
 
I hereby authorize the Company to withhold from each of my paychecks such 
amount as is necessary to equal at the end of the applicable Offering 
Period       % (the percentage must be a whole number from 1%, up to a 
maximum of 15%) of my Compensation (as provided in Section 9 of the ESPP) 
paid during such Offering Period as long as I continue to participate in 
the ESPP.  I may reduce the amount of my contribution effective no later 
than the second payroll period after the form is received by the Company by 
inserting my desired contribution percentage here:      % (the reduced 
percentage must be a whole number from 1%, up to a maximum of 14%). That 
amount will be applied to the purchase of shares of the Common Stock 
pursuant to the ESPP.
     
    Note:                       You may decrease your contribution
    percentage to a percentage other than 0% twice within an Offering
    Period to be effective during that Offering Period.  A change will
    become effective no later than the second payroll period after the form
    is received by the Company.  You may not increase your contribution at
    any time within an Offering Period.  An increase in your contribution
    percentage can only take effect with the next Offering Period.
 
 
 
SECTION 5:
 
OPT OUT
 
I understand that my enrollment in the ESPP is effective at the beginning 
of the Offering Period.  I hereby withdraw from the ESPP and elect 0% 
contribution.
     
    Note:                       No contributions will be deducted from your
    salary if you elect to opt out of the ESPP.  You may next enroll in the
    new Offering Period.
 
 
 
SECTION 6:
 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE
 
The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents 
related to current or future participation in the ESPP by electronic means. 
 I hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and 
agree to participate in the ESPP through an on-line or electronic system 
established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by 
the Company.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SECTION 7:
 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND SIGNATURE
 
I acknowledge that I have received a copy of the ESPP Prospectus (which 
summarizes the major features of the ESPP).  I have read the Prospectus and 
my signature below indicates that I hereby agree to be bound by the terms 
of the ESPP.
 
 
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
Date:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
DERMIRA, INC. (THE COMPANY)
2014 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (ESPP)
ENROLLMENT/CHANGE FORM
 
SECTION 1:
 
CHECK DESIRED ACTION:
AND COMPLETE SECTIONS:
 
 
 
 
ACTIONS
 
  o       Enroll in the ESPP
2 + 3 + 4 + 7
 
 
  o       Elect / Change Contribution Percentage
2 + 4 + 7
 
 
  o       Discontinue Contributions
2 + 5 + 7
 
 
   
 
SECTION 2:
 
Name:
 
 
 
PERSONAL DATA
 
Home Address:
 
 
 
 
 
Social Security No.:  ooo-oo-oooo
 
 
 
SECTION 3:
 
ENROLL
 
o                                    I hereby elect to participate in the 
ESPP, effective at the beginning of the next Offering Period.  I elect to 
purchase shares of the Common Stock of the Company pursuant to the ESPP.  I 
understand that the stock certificate(s) for the shares purchased on my 
behalf will be issued in street name and deposited directly into my 
brokerage account.  I hereby agree to take all steps, and sign all forms, 
required to establish an account with the Companys broker for this 
purpose.
 
My participation will continue as long as I remain eligible, unless I 
withdraw from the ESPP by filing a new Enrollment/Change Form with the 
Company.  I understand that I must notify the Company of any disposition of 
shares purchased under the ESPP.
 
 
 
SECTION 4:
 
ELECT/CHANGE CONTRIBUTION PERCENTAGE
 
I hereby authorize the Company to withhold from each of my paychecks such 
amount as is necessary to equal at the end of the applicable Offering 
Period       % of my Compensation (as provided in Section 9 of the ESPP) 
paid during such Offering Period as long as I continue to participate in 
the ESPP.  That amount, plus any accumulated payroll deductions thus far 
during the current Offering Period if this is a change, will be applied to 
the purchase of shares of the Common Stock pursuant to the ESPP.  The 
percentage must be a whole number (from 1%, up to a maximum of 15%, with 
respect to enrollment or an increase in contribution percentage; from 0%, 
up to a maximum of 14% for a decrease in contribution percentage).
 
If this is a change to my current enrollment, this represents an o
-increase o-decrease to my contribution percentage.
     
    Note:                       You may not increase your contribution at
    any time within an Offering Period.  You may decrease your contribution
    percentage to a percentage other than 0% twice within an Offering
    Period to be effective during that Offering Period.  A change will
    become effective no later than the second payroll period after the form
    is received by the Company.  An increase in your contribution
    percentage can only take effect with the next Offering Period.
 
 
 
SECTION 5:
 
DISCONTINUE CONTRIBUTIONS
   
  o                 I hereby elect to stop my contributions under the ESPP
  , effective as soon as reasonably practicable after this form is received
  by the Company. Accumulated payroll deductions will be returned to me
  without interest, pursuant to Section 11 of the ESPP.
   
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SECTION 6:
 
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE
 
The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents 
related to current or future participation in the ESPP by electronic means. 
 I hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and 
agree to participate in the ESPP through an on-line or electronic system 
established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by 
the Company.
 
 
 
SECTION 7:
 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND SIGNATURE
 
I acknowledge that I have received a copy of the ESPP Prospectus (which 
summarizes the major features of the ESPP).  I have read the Prospectus and 
my signature below indicates that I hereby agree to be bound by the terms 
of the ESPP.
 
 
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
Date:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------