 EX-10.1 7 d812282dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made and entered 
into as of the 6th day of August, 2009, by and between BUSINESS FIRST BANK, 
a Louisiana state bank (the Bank), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
BUSINESS FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (the Company), and David R. Melville, III 
an individual resident of the State of Louisiana (Executive) (the 
signatories to this Agreement will be referred to jointly as the Parties
).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Bank desires to provide for the continuing employment of 
Executive as the Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer of 
the Bank, and Executive desires to continue such employment, subject to and 
on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, both the Bank and Executive have read and understood the terms and 
provisions set forth in this Agreement and have been afforded a reasonable 
opportunity to review this Agreement with their respective legal counsel.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set 
forth in this Agreement, and for good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Executive and the 
Bank agree as follows:

1. Employment. The Bank hereby agrees to employ Executive as the Executive 
Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer of the Bank, and Executive 
hereby accepts employment, on the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement.

2. Term. The initial term of Executives employment by the Bank under this 
Agreement shall terminate on December 31, 2010 (the Employment Period); 
provided, however, that commencing on January 1, 2011, and on each 
anniversary of such date (each a Renewal Date), the Employment Period 
shall be automatically extended so as to terminate one (1) year from such 
Renewal Date. If, at least ninety (90) days prior to any Renewal Date, the 
Bank gives Executive notice that the Employment Period will not be so 
extended, this Agreement will continue for the remainder of the then 
current Employment Period and then expire. The Employment Period may be 
sooner terminated under Section 6 of this Agreement.

3. Position and Duties. During the Employment Period, Executive will report 
directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank. Executive shall 
perform all services reasonably required by the Chief Executive Officer and 
the Board of Directors of the Bank (the Board) in conformity with the 
appropriate standards of the banking industry to fully execute the duties 
and responsibilities associated with his positions. Executive will devote 
substantially all of his working time, attention and energies to the 
performance of his duties for the Bank. Notwithstanding the above, 
Executive will be permitted, to the extent such activities do not interfere 
with the performance by Executive of his duties and responsibilities under 
this Agreement, to (i) manage Executives personal, financial and legal 
affairs, and (ii) serve on civic or charitable boards or committees.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Place of Performance. Executives place of employment will be an office 
of the Bank in Shreveport, Louisiana.

5. Compensation and Related Matters.

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the Bank will pay Executive 
a base salary of not less than $230,000 per year (Base Salary), in 
approximate equal installments in accordance with the Banks customary 
payroll practices. Executives Base Salary may be increased, but not 
decreased, pursuant to annual review by the Board or the Compensation 
Committee of the Board. In the event Executives Base Salary is increased, 
the increased amount will then constitute the Base Salary for all purposes 
of this Agreement.

(b) Annual Incentive Bonus. Executive shall be entitled to participate in 
an executive bonus plan maintained by the Bank. Executives annual bonus, 
if any, shall be determined in consideration of the Banks overall 
profitability, budget and general employee bonuses.

(c) Welfare, Pension and Incentive Benefit Plans. During the Employment 
Period, Executive (and his spouse and/or dependents to the extent provided 
in the applicable plans and programs) will be entitled to participate in 
and be covered under the welfare benefit plans or programs maintained by 
the Bank for the benefit of its employees pursuant to the terms of such 
plans and programs including, without limitation, all medical, life, 
hospitalization, dental, disability, accidental death and dismemberment 
insurance plans and programs. In addition, during the Employment Period, 
Executive will be eligible to participate in all pension, retirement, 
savings and other employee benefit plans and programs maintained from time 
to time by the Bank for the benefit of its employees. All employee benefits 
provided to the Executive by the Bank incident to Executives employment 
shall be governed by the applicable plan documents, summary plan 
descriptions and employment policies, and may be modified, suspended or 
revoked at any time, in accordance with the terms and provisions of the 
applicable documents.

(d) Vacation. Executive shall be entitled to receive four (4) weeks paid 
vacation annually, which shall accumulate each year.

(e) Reimbursement of Expenses. During the Term of Employment, the Bank 
shall promptly pay all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive for all 
business travel and other reasonable business-related expenses incurred by 
him in performing his obligations under this Agreement in accordance with 
the Banks travel and business expense policy, such expenses to be reviewed 
by the Board of Directors on a periodic basis. The Bank may provide 
Executive with a credit card for Executives business-related expenses. 
Additionally, the Bank will provide to, or reimburse Executive for, a 
Blackberry or its equivalent.

(f) Vehicle Allowance. During the Term of Employment, the Bank shall 
provide Executive with an automobile allowance in the amount of not less 
than $894 per month (such amount to be reviewed by the Board annually).

(g) Country Club Dues. During the Term of Employment, the Bank shall pay, 
or reimburse Executive, for all membership initiation fees and monthly 
membership dues on behalf of Executive and his immediate family at a 
country club or other dining club, which club must be acceptable to the 
Board.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. Termination. Executives employment under this Agreement may be 
terminated during the Employment Period under the following circumstances:

(a) Death. Executives employment under this Agreement will terminate upon 
his death.

(b) Disability. If, as a result of Executives Disability (as hereinafter 
defined), Executive is substantially unable to perform his duties under 
this Agreement (with or without reasonable accommodation, as defined under 
the Americans With Disabilities Act) for an entire period of six (6) 
consecutive months, and within thirty (30) days after a Notice of 
Termination (as defined in Section 7(a)) is given by the Bank to Executive, 
Executive does not return to the substantial performance of his duties on a 
full-time basis, the Bank has the right to terminate Executives employment 
under this Agreement for Disability, and such termination will not be a 
breach of this Agreement by the Bank. For purposes of this Agreement, 
Disability means (i) the inability of Executive to engage in any 
substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable 
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or 
can be expected to last for a continuous period of more than twelve (12) 
months, or (ii) the receipt of income replacement benefits for a period of 
at least six (6) months under a Bank-sponsored or Company-sponsored 
accident and health plan covering the Executive due to a medically 
determinable physical or mental impairment which is expected to result in 
death or is expected to last for a continuous period of more than twelve 
(12) months.

(c) Cause. The Bank has the right to terminate Executives employment for 
Cause, and such termination will not be a breach of this Agreement by the 
Bank. Cause means termination of employment for one of the following 
reasons:

(i) The determination by the Board in the exercise of its reasonable 
judgment, after consultation with its legal counsel, that Executive has 
committed an act or acts constituting (A) a felony or other crime, whether 
a felony or a misdemeanor, involving moral turpitude, dishonesty or theft, 
(B) dishonesty or disloyalty that is harmful to the Bank or the Company, or 
(C) fraud;

(ii) The determination by the Board in the exercise of its reasonable 
judgment, that Executive (A) has engaged in actions or omissions that would 
constitute unsafe or unsound banking practices, or (B) has failed to follow 
the lawful and reasonable directives of the Board, after written notice to 
Executive by the Bank specifying in reasonable detail such failure;

(iii) The determination by the Board in the exercise of its reasonable 
judgment, after consultation with its legal counsel, that Executive has 
committed a breach or violation of this Agreement, and Executive has failed 
to cure such breach or violation within ten (10) business days after 
written notice to Executive by the Bank specifying in reasonable detail the 
alleged breach or violation;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) The determination by the Board, after consultation with its legal 
counsel, that Executive has engaged in gross misconduct in the course and 
scope of his employment with the Bank including indecency, immorality, 
gross insubordination, dishonesty, unlawful harassment or discrimination, 
use of illegal drugs, or fighting; or

(v) In the event Executive is prohibited from engaging in the business of 
banking by any governmental regulatory agency having jurisdiction over the 
Bank or the Company.

For purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall not be deemed to be in 
breach of this Agreement for his failure to substantially perform his 
duties under this Agreement where such failure results because of 
Executives Disability within the meaning of Section 6(b). In such case, 
termination of Executive shall be governed by the provisions of Section 
6(b).

Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and 
until there has been delivered to Executive a copy of the resolution duly 
adopted by the Board, finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board 
one or more of the causes for termination set forth in clauses (i), (ii), 
(iii), (iv) or (v) above has occurred and specifying the particulars 
thereof in detail.

(d) Good Reason. Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason (as 
hereinafter defined) by providing a Notice of Termination (as hereinafter 
defined) to the Bank within thirty (30) days after Executive has actual 
knowledge of the occurrence, without the written consent of Executive, of 
one of the events set forth below, and such termination will not be a 
breach of this Agreement and will entitle Executive to the compensation and 
benefits described in Section 8(a) hereof. For purposes of this Agreement 
Good Reason shall mean any of the following:

(i) the assignment to Executive of any duties materially and adversely 
inconsistent with Executives status as the Metropolitan President of the 
North West of Louisiana Banking Center, Chief Investments Officer and Chief 
Operating Officer of the Bank or a material and adverse alteration in the 
nature of Executives authority, duties or responsibilities;

(ii) the reduction by the Bank of Executives Base Salary;

(iii) the requirement that Executive be based at any office or location 
that is more than fifty (50) miles from the Banks main office in 
Shreveport, Louisiana; or

(iv) the failure of any successor to the Bank or the Company to assume this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 14.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Without Cause. The Bank has the right to terminate Executives 
employment under this Agreement without Cause by providing Executive with a 
Notice of Termination, subject to the obligations set forth in Section 8(a) 
hereof.

(f) Voluntary Termination. Executive may voluntarily terminate employment 
with the Bank at any time, and if such termination is not for Good Reason, 
then, Executive shall only be entitled to compensation and benefits as 
described in Section 8(b) hereof.

7. Termination Procedure.

(a) Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executives employment by the 
Bank or by Executive during the Employment Period (other than termination 
due to Executives death) shall be communicated by written Notice of 
Termination to the other party in accordance with Section 16. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which 
indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon 
and sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to 
provide a basis for termination of Executives employment.

(b) Date of Termination. Date of Termination shall mean (i) if 
Executives employment is terminated by his death, the date of his death, 
(ii) if Executives employment is terminated due to Disability pursuant to 
Section 6(b), thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination (provided that 
Executive has not returned to the substantial performance of his duties on 
a full-time basis during such 30-day period), (iii) if Executives 
employment is terminated by Executive, thirty (30) days after a Notice of 
Termination is given, or (iv) if Executives employment is terminated for 
any other reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or any 
later date (within thirty (30) days after the giving of such Notice of 
Termination) set forth in such Notice of Termination.

8. Compensation Upon Termination or During Disability. In the event of 
Executives Disability or termination of his employment under this 
Agreement during the Employment Period, the Bank will provide Executive 
with the payments and benefits set forth below. Executive agrees that the 
Bank has the right to deduct any amounts owed by Executive to the Bank for 
any reason, including, without limitation, Executives misappropriation of 
Bank funds, from the payments set forth in this Section 8.

(a) Termination by the Bank Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 
If Executives employment is terminated by the Bank without Cause or by 
Executive for Good Reason:

(i) the Bank will pay to Executive (A) on the next regularly scheduled 
payroll date following the Date of Termination, his Base Salary and accrued 
vacation pay through the Date of Termination and (B) within thirty (30) 
days after the Date of Termination, an amount equal to two (2) times his 
Base Salary;

(ii) the Bank will, within thirty (30) days following the Date of 
Termination, reimburse Executive, pursuant to the Banks policy, for 
reasonable business expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to the Date of 
Termination; and
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) Executive will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or 
benefits as may be due to Executive following such termination to which he 
is otherwise entitled in accordance with the terms and provisions of any 
plans or programs of the Bank.

(b) Termination by the Bank for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason. 
If Executives employment is terminated by the Bank for Cause or by 
Executive (other than for Good Reason):

(i) the Bank will, on the next regularly scheduled payroll date following 
the Date of Termination, pay to Executive his Base Salary and his accrued 
vacation pay (to the extent required by law or the Banks vacation policy) 
through the Date of Termination;

(ii) the Bank will, within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination, 
reimburse Executive, pursuant to the Banks policy, for reasonable business 
expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to the Date of Termination, unless 
such termination resulted from a misappropriation of Bank funds; and

(iii) Executive will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or 
benefits as may be due to Executive following termination to which he is 
otherwise entitled in accordance with the terms and provisions of any plans 
or programs of the Bank.

(c) Disability. During any period that Executive fails to perform his 
duties under this Agreement as a result of incapacity due to Disability, 
Executive will continue to receive his full Base Salary set forth in 
Section 5(a) until his employment is terminated pursuant to Section 6(b). 
In the event Executives employment is terminated for Disability pursuant 
to Section 6(b):

(i) the Bank will (A) on the next regularly scheduled payroll date 
following the Date of Termination, pay to Executive his Base Salary and 
accrued vacation pay through the Date of Termination and (B) provide 
Executive with disability benefits pursuant to the terms of the Banks 
disability programs and/or practices, if any;

(ii) the Bank will, within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination, 
reimburse Executive pursuant to the Banks policy, for reasonable business 
expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to the Date of Termination; and

(iii) Executive will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or 
benefits as may be due to Executive following such termination to which he 
is otherwise entitled in accordance with the terms and provisions of any 
plans or programs of the Bank.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Death. If Executives employment is terminated by his death:

(i) the Bank will, on the next regularly scheduled payroll date following 
Executives death, pay in a lump-sum to Executives beneficiary, legal 
representatives or estate, as the case may be, Executives earned but 
unpaid Base Salary and accrued vacation as of the date of death;

(ii) the Bank will, within thirty (30) days of the Date of Death, reimburse 
Executives beneficiary, legal representatives or estate, as the case may 
be, pursuant to the Banks policy, for reasonable business expenses 
incurred, but not paid, prior to the date of death; and

(iii) Executives beneficiary, legal representatives or estate, as the case 
may be, will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or benefits 
as may be due to Executive following the Date of Death to which he is 
otherwise entitled in accordance with the terms and provisions of any plans 
or programs of the Bank.

9. Termination Following a Change of Control. Notwithstanding anything in 
this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Change of Control at any 
time after the third anniversary of the opening of the Bank for business, 
Executive may terminate employment for any reason during the 90-day period 
immediately following his continued employment for twelve (12) months after 
the effective date of the Change of Control, and such termination shall be 
deemed to be a termination for Good Reason for all purposes of this 
Agreement, including the provisions of Section 8(a). For purposes of this 
Agreement, Change of Control shall mean

(a) a change during any 12-month period in the ownership of the capital 
stock of the Bank or the Company, which results in a corporation, 
partnership, other entity, person, or group acting in concert (a Person) 
as described in Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (Exchange Act), holding or acquiring, directly or indirectly, 
beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange 
Act) of a number of shares of capital stock of the Bank or the Company, as 
the case may be, which constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
combined voting power of the Banks or the Companys then outstanding 
capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors;

(b) the consummation of any merger, consolidation or share exchange 
involving the Bank or the Company, as the case may be, in which the Bank or 
the Company, as applicable, is not the surviving entity; or

(c) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a 
series of related transactions, of more than 50% of the combined assets of 
the Bank or the Company to any person other a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Bank or the Company or to any Affiliate (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under 
the Exchange Act) of the Bank or the Company;
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the following events shall 
not constitute a Change of Control:

(i) the acquisition of shares of capital stock of the Bank or the Company 
by the Bank or the Company or any of their Affiliates;

(ii) the acquisition of shares of capital stock of the Bank or the Company 
by any employee benefit plan (or trust) sponsored or maintained by the Bank 
or the Company;

(iii) the acquisition of shares of capital stock by any officer or employee 
of the Bank or the Company pursuant to any stock option plan established by 
the Bank or the Company; or

(iv) a merger of equals or similar business combination involving the 
Bank or the Company that the Board of Directors of the Company determines, 
in the exercise of its reasonable discretion, should not be deemed a Change 
of Control.

10. Proprietary Information.

(a) Nondisclosure of Proprietary Information. Executive acknowledges that 
it is the policy of the Bank to maintain as secret and confidential (i) all 
valuable and unique information concerning the Bank or its affiliated 
entities or the respective business or customers, (ii) other information 
heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Bank or any affiliated entity and 
deemed by it to be confidential, and (iii) information developed or used by 
the Bank or any affiliated entity relating to the business, operations, 
employees and customers of the Bank, the Company or any affiliated entity 
including, but not limited to, any customer lists or employee information 
(all such information described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, other 
than information which is known to the public or becomes known to the 
public through no fault of Executive, is hereinafter referred to as 
Proprietary Information). The parties recognize that the services to be 
performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique 
and that by reason of his employment by the Bank after the date hereof, 
Executive has acquired and will acquire Proprietary Information. Executive 
recognizes that all such Proprietary Information is the property of the 
Bank. Accordingly, at any time during and for a period of two years 
following the Employment Period, Executive shall not, except in the proper 
performance of his duties under this Agreement, directly or indirectly, 
without the prior written consent of the Bank, disclose to any Person other 
than the Bank or the Company, whether or not such a Person is a competitor 
of the Bank or the Company, and shall use his best efforts to prevent the 
publication or disclosure of any Proprietary Information obtained by, or 
which has come to the knowledge of, Executive prior or subsequent to the 
date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may disclose to other 
Persons, as part of his occupation, information with respect to the Bank or 
any affiliated entity, which (i) is of a type generally not considered by 
standards of the banking industry to be proprietary, or (ii) is otherwise 
consented to in writing by the Bank; provided, however, that Executive 
shall not at any time during the Employment Period or thereafter disclose 
any Proprietary Information to the extent that such information is deemed 
confidential under, or the disclosure thereof would otherwise contravene, 
any law, rule or regulation
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
applicable to the Bank or the Company, or could expose the Bank or the 
Company or any of their respective officers, directors or employees to any 
claim or liability as a result of the disclosure thereof.

(b) Obligations of Executive Upon Termination. Upon termination of this 
Agreement for any reason, Executive shall return to the Bank all documents 
and copies of documents in his possession relating to any Proprietary 
Information including, but not limited to, internal and external business 
forms, manuals, correspondence, notes and computer programs, and Executive 
shall not make or retain any copy or extract of any of the foregoing. In 
addition, in the event Executives employment is terminated for Cause, 
Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all offices and positions 
held with the Bank or the Company.

(c) Remedies. Executive acknowledges and understands that this Section 10 
and the other provisions of this Agreement are of a special and unique 
nature, the loss of which cannot be adequately compensated for in damages 
by an action at law, and that the breach or threatened breach of the 
provisions of this Agreement would cause the Bank irreparable harm. In the 
event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive of the provisions of 
this Agreement, the Bank shall be entitled to an injunction restraining 
Executive from such breach. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be 
construed as prohibiting the Bank from pursuing, or limiting the Banks 
ability to pursue, any other remedies available for any breach or 
threatened breach of this Agreement by Executive. The provision of this 
Agreement relating to arbitration of disputes shall not be applicable to 
the Bank to the extent it seeks an injunction in any court to restrain 
Executive from violating this Section 10.

(d) Continuing Operation. Except as specifically provided in this Section 
10, the termination of Executives employment or of this Agreement will 
have no effect on the continuing operation of this Section 10.

11. Release. Executive agrees that, if his employment is terminated under 
circumstances entitling him to payments under Section 8(a) of this 
Agreement, in consideration for the payments described in Section 8(a), he 
will execute a General Release and waiver of claims in favor of the Bank, 
its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their officers, directors, 
employees, agents, and attorneys, in a form provided to Executive at the 
time of his separation of employment, and through which Executive releases 
the Bank and the Company from any and all claims as may relate to or arise 
out of his employment relationship, or the termination thereof (excluding 
claims Executive may have under any employee pension plan as described in 
Section 3(3) of ERISA).

12. Indemnification and Insurance. During the term of this Agreement, 
Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Bank and shall be 
covered by a directors and officers liability insurance policy covering 
acts or omissions occurring prior to (a) the termination of this Agreement 
or (b) the termination of employment of Executive.

13. Arbitration; Legal Fees and Expenses.

(a) Executive recognizes that differences may arise between him and the 
Bank during or following his employment with the Bank, and that those 
differences may or
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
may not be related to his employment. Executive acknowledges that by 
entering into this Agreement, he anticipates gaining the benefits of a 
speedy, impartial dispute-resolution procedure for resolving any and all 
disputes between himself and the Bank or the Company. Notwithstanding 
paragraph (f) hereof, this Section 13 shall be governed by the Federal 
Arbitration Act and to the extent that it is inconsistent with Louisiana 
law, it will supersede Louisiana law relating to the arbitrability of any 
disputes.

(b) Executive and the Bank consent to the resolution by final and binding 
arbitration of any claim, controversy, or dispute (Claim(s)) between 
Executive and the Bank, whether or not such Claims arise out of or relate 
to his employment by the Bank, in accordance with the Employment 
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association in effect on the 
date the claim or controversy arises. The Claims covered by this Section 13 
include, but are not limited to, claims for wages or other compensation 
due; claims for breach of any contract or covenant (express or implied); 
tort claims (including, but not limited to, invasion of privacy, 
intentional infliction of emotional distress, assault, battery, fraud, 
negligence, gross negligence, negligent hiring or retention); claims of 
discrimination (including, but not limited to, race, gender, sexual 
harassment, religion, national origin, age, marital status, or medical 
condition, handicap or disability); claims for benefits (except where an 
employee benefit or pension plan specifies that its claims procedure shall 
culminate in an arbitration procedure different from this one); and claims 
for violation of any federal, state, or other governmental law, statute, 
regulation, or ordinance, except claims excluded in the following 
paragraph.

(c) Executive and the Bank understand that claims for workers compensation 
or unemployment compensation benefits are not covered by this Agreement. 
Moreover, although Executive is prohibited from filing a lawsuit concerning 
Claims covered by this Agreement, Executive understands that this Section 
13 shall not prohibit him from filing a charge or complaint with any 
governmental agency. Finally, Executive understands that this Section 13 
does not apply with respect to any claims that the Bank may have against 
Executive relating to the operation of and the enforcement of Section 10 
hereof.

(d) Either party may initiate an arbitration proceeding by delivery of 
written notice to the other party hereto. Resolution of such dispute shall 
be by a majority vote of a panel of three arbitrators. Within thirty (30) 
days after giving or receiving a demand for arbitration, the Bank and 
Executive shall each select one arbitrator. Such arbitrators shall be 
freely selected and the parties shall not be limited in their selection to 
any prescribed list. The arbitrators chosen by the Bank and Executive 
shall, by mutual consent, select the third arbitrator. Except as otherwise 
agreed upon by the Parties, the arbitration shall convene in Baton Rouge, 
Louisiana.

(e) The decision of the arbitrators shall be in writing and presented in 
separate findings of fact and law. The award of the arbitrators shall be 
final and binding on the parties from which no appeal maybe taken and an 
order confirming the award or judgment upon the award may be entered into 
in any court having jurisdiction there over.

(f) Prior to the appointment of the arbitrator, the Bank or Executive may 
seek provisional remedies, including, without limitation, temporary 
restraining orders and preliminary injunctions. After the appointment of 
the arbitrators, the arbitrators shall have sole authority to grant such 
provisional remedies as the arbitrators, in their sole discretion, deem 
necessary or appropriate.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) The arbitrators shall have the authority to award any relief permitted 
by relevant federal or state statute, including, without limitation, back 
wages, front wages, actual damages, compensatory damages, punitive damages, 
attorneys fees, and costs associated with the arbitration proceeding. The 
arbitrators, in the award, may assess the fees and expenses of the 
arbitrators and of the arbitration proceeding and the witness and 
attorneys fees of the parties or any part thereof, against either the Bank 
or Executive or both of them, taking into account the circumstances of the 
case. Except as assessed by the arbitrators in the award, the Bank and 
Executive shall each bear their own costs in connection with the 
arbitration proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank shall bear 
100% of the aggregate fees and expenses of the arbitrators.

(h) Executive and the Bank acknowledge and agree that a party making a 
Claim pursuant to or arising under this Section 13 must give written notice 
of such Claim within one (1) year of the occurrence of the event or conduct 
giving rise to the Claim. Failure to give notice of any Claim within one 
(1) year shall constitute a waiver of the Claim, even if there is a federal 
or state statute of limitations which would have given more time to pursue 
the Claim.

(i) Except with respect to claims described in Section 13(c), Executive and 
the Bank acknowledge and agree that the arbitrators, and not any federal, 
state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve 
any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability 
or formation of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any claim 
that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable. Such 
arbitrators shall have jurisdiction to hear and rule on pre-hearing 
disputes, and are authorized to hold pre-hearing conferences by telephone 
or in person as the arbitrator deems necessary. The arbitrators shall have 
the authority to entertain a motion to dismiss and/or a motion for summary 
judgment by any party and shall apply the standards governing such motions 
under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrators shall apply the 
substantive law (and the law of remedies, if applicable) of the state in 
which the Claim arose, or federal law, or both, as applicable to the 
Claim(s) asserted. The Federal Rules of Evidence shall apply to the 
arbitration proceeding.

14. Agreement Binding on Successors.

(a) The Banks Successors. The Bank shall require any successor (whether 
direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, reorganization, sale, transfer of 
stock, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the 
business and/or assets of the Bank to expressly assume and agree to perform 
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Bank 
would be required to perform it if no succession had taken place. As used 
in this Agreement, the Bank means the Bank, and any successor to the 
Banks business and/or assets (by merger, purchase or otherwise) which 
executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 14 or 
which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement by operation of law.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Executives Successors. No rights or obligations of Executive under 
this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by Executive other than his 
rights to payments or benefits under this Agreement, which may be 
transferred only by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Upon 
Executives death, this Agreement and all rights of Executive under this 
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executives 
beneficiary or beneficiaries, personal or legal representatives, or estate, 
to the extent any such person succeeds to Executives interests under this 
Agreement. Executive will be entitled to select and change a beneficiary or 
beneficiaries to receive any benefit or compensation payable under this 
Agreement following Executives death by giving the Bank written notice 
thereof in a form acceptable to the Bank. In the event of Executives death 
or a judicial determination of his incompetence, reference in this 
Agreement to Executive shall be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to his 
beneficiary(ies), estate or other legal representative(s). If Executive 
should die following his Date of Termination while any amounts would still 
be payable to him under this Agreement if he had continued to live, unless 
otherwise provided, all such amounts shall be paid in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement to such person or persons so appointed in writing 
by Executive, or otherwise to his legal representatives or estate.

15. Excise Tax Gross-Up.

(a) In the event that any amount or benefit paid or distributed to 
Executive pursuant to this Agreement, together with the sum of any amounts 
or benefits paid or distributed to Executive by the Bank or Company under 
any other arrangement or agreement (collectively the Covered Payments), 
are or become subject to the tax (the Excise Tax) imposed under Section 
4999 of the Code or any similar tax that may hereafter be imposed, the Bank 
shall pay to Executive at the time specified below an additional amount 
(the Tax Reimbursement Payment) such that the net amount retained by 
Executive with respect to such Covered Payments, after deduction of any 
Excise Tax on the Covered Payments and any federal, state and local income 
tax and Excise Tax on the Tax Reimbursement Payment provided for by this 
Section 15, but before deduction for any federal, state or local income or 
employment tax withholding on such Covered Payments, shall be equal to the 
amount of the Covered Payments.

(b) For purposes of determining whether any of the Covered Payments will be 
subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax: (i) such 
Covered Payments will be treated as parachute payments within the meaning 
of Section 280G of the Code, and all parachute payments in excess of the 
base amount (as defined under Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) shall be 
treated as subject to the Excise Tax, unless and except to the extent that 
in the opinion of the Banks independent certified public accountants or 
tax counsel, such Covered Payments (in whole or in part) either do not 
constitute parachute payments or represent reasonable compensation for 
services actually rendered (within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4) of the 
Code) in excess of the base amount, or such parachute payments are 
otherwise not subject to such Excise Tax, and (ii) the value of any 
non-cash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by 
the independent certified public accountants or tax counsel of the Bank in 
accordance with the principles of Section 280G of the Code.

(c) For purposes of determining the amount of the Tax Reimbursement 
Payment, Executive shall be deemed to pay: (i) federal income taxes at the 
highest applicable marginal rate of federal income taxation for the 
calendar year in which the
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tax Reimbursement Payment is to be made, and (ii) any applicable state and 
local income taxes at the highest applicable marginal rate of taxation for 
the calendar year in which the Tax Reimbursement Payment is to be made, net 
of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained 
from the deduction of such state or local taxes if paid in such year.

(d) In the event that the Excise Tax is subsequently determined to be less 
than the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Tax 
Reimbursement Payment made, Executive shall repay to the Bank or the 
Company, as applicable, at the time that the amount of such reduction in 
the Excise Tax is finally determined, the portion of such prior Tax 
Reimbursement Payment that would not have been paid if such Excise Tax had 
been applied in initially calculating such Tax Reimbursement Payment, plus 
interest on the amount of such repayment at the rate provided in Section 
1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code. In the event that the Excise Tax is later 
determined to exceed the amount taken into account hereunder at the time 
the Tax Reimbursement Payment is made (including, but not limited to, by 
reason of any payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined 
at the time of the Tax Reimbursement Payment), the Bank or the Company, as 
applicable, shall make an additional Tax Reimbursement Payment in respect 
of such excess (plus any interest or penalty payment with respect to such 
excess) at the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined.

(e) The Tax Reimbursement Payment (or portion thereof) provided for in this 
Section 15 shall be paid to Executive not later than ten (10) business days 
following the payment of the Covered Payments; provided, however, that if 
the amount of such Tax Reimbursement Payment (or portion thereof) cannot be 
finally determined on or before the date on which payment is due, the Bank 
or the Company, as applicable, shall pay to Executive by such date an 
amount estimated in good faith by the independent accountants or tax 
counsel to be the minimum amount of such Tax Reimbursement Payment and 
shall pay the remainder of such Tax Reimbursement Payment (together with 
interest at the rate provided in Section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code) as soon 
as the amount thereof can be determined, but in no event later than 
forty-five (45) calendar days after payment of the related Covered Payment. 
In the event that the amount of the estimated Tax Reimbursement Payment 
exceeds the amount subsequently determined to have been due, such excess 
shall constitute a loan by the Bank or the Company to Executive, payable on 
the fifth (5th) business day after written demand by the Bank or the 
Company for payment (together with interest at the rate provided in Section 
1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code).

16. Notice. For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all 
other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered either personally or 
by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to Executive:

At his last known address evidenced on the Banks payroll records.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If to the Bank:

Business First Bank
5110 Corporate Boulevard
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70808
Attention: Chief Executive Officer

or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the others in 
writing in accordance with this Agreement, except that notices of change of 
address shall be effective only upon receipt.

17. Withholding. All payments hereunder will be subject to any required 
withholding of federal, state and local taxes pursuant to any applicable 
law or regulation.

18. Restrictions Upon Funding. The Bank shall have no obligation to set 
aside, earmark or entrust any fund or money with which to pay its 
obligations under this Agreement. Executive or any successor-in-interest to 
Executive shall be and remain simply a general creditor of the Bank in the 
same manner as any other creditor having a general unsecured claim. For 
purposes of the Internal Revenue Code, the Bank intends this Agreement to 
be an unfunded, unsecured promise to pay on the part of the Bank. For 
purposes of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (
ERISA), the Bank intends that this Agreement not be subject to ERISA. If 
it is deemed subject to ERISA, it is intended to be an unfunded arrangement 
for the benefit of a select member of management, who is a highly 
compensated employee of the Bank for the purpose of qualifying this 
Agreement for the top hat plan exception under sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) 
and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. At no time shall Executive have or be deemed to 
have any lien nor right, title or interest in or to any specific investment 
or to any assets of the Bank. If the Bank elects to invest in a life 
insurance, disability or annuity policy upon the life of Executive, 
Executive shall assist the Bank by freely submitting to a physical 
examination and supplying such additional information necessary to obtain 
such insurance or annuities.

19. Miscellaneous. No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, 
modified, or waived unless agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and 
by a duly authorized officer of the Bank. No waiver by either party of any 
breach by the other party of any condition or provision of this Agreement 
shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions 
at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. The respective rights and 
obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall survive Executives 
termination of employment and the termination of this Agreement to the 
extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and 
obligations. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of 
this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Louisiana 
without regard to its conflicts of law principles.

20. Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or 
provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability 
of any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force 
and effect.

21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
22. Section Headings. The section headings in this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only, and they form no part of this Agreement and 
will not affect its interpretation.

23. Entire Agreement. Except as provided elsewhere herein, this Agreement 
sets forth the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to its subject 
matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, 
arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral 
or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party to this 
Agreement with respect to such subject matter.

24. Voluntary Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that each has carefully 
read this agreement, that each has had an opportunity to consult with his 
or its attorney concerning the meaning, import and legal significance of 
this Agreement, that each understands its terms, that all understandings 
and agreements between Executive and the Bank relating to the subjects 
covered in this Agreement are contained in it, and that each has entered 
into the Agreement voluntarily and not in reliance on any promises or 
representations by the other than those contained in this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement to be 
effective as of the date first above written.
 
BUSINESS FIRST BANK

 By:

  	
/s/ Charles E. Roemer
  	Charles E. Roemer, President and Chief Executive Officer
 
EXECUTIVE
/s/ David R. Melville, III
David R. Melville, III
 
15