 EX-10.1 2 d819425dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Consulting Agreement (Agreement) is entered into as of this 10th 
day of November, 2014 by and between Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC 
(CES or the Company) and Donald Colvin (Colvin) (collectively the 
Parties).

WHEREAS, on November 14, 2012, Colvin entered into a contract of employment 
with Caesars Entertainment Operating Company (CEOC) (the Employment 
Agreement), in which Colvin was engaged to serve as Chief Financial 
Officer (CFO) for Caesars Entertainment Corporation (CEC);

WHEREAS, as of October 1, 2014, and pursuant to Section 19.2 of the 
Employment Agreement, CEOC elected to perform all of its obligations under 
the Employment Agreement through CES (the Transfer); WHEREAS, pursuant to 
the Transfer, each reference to CEOC or any of its subsidiaries in the 
Agreement was replaced with a reference to CES; WHEREAS, CES has been 
authorized to perform its obligations under the Employment Agreement and to 
honor all other employment-related obligations to the Employee; and

WHEREAS, Colvin intends to resign his employment with the Company, 
effective December 31, 2014, and has agreed to make himself available to 
the Company thereafter and allow the Company to continue to use his 
services for a period of eighteen (18) months post-employment (the Term), 
and Colvin agrees to provide such services in a bona fide manner, on a 
consultancy basis with regard to and relating to matters and services and 
types of matters and services he handled and provided as CFO, and to assist 
in transitioning his duties to the new CFO of CEC and to provide assistance 
to the new CFO as needed (the Services).

THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Employment Termination Date. Colvins last day of employment with the 
Company will be December 31, 2014 (Employment Termination Date). Colvin 
acknowledges that he is voluntarily resigning from the Company Without 
Good Reason as that term is defined in Paragraph 8.2 of the Employment 
Agreement. Colvin acknowledges that, except as expressly stated herein or 
required under applicable law, he is not entitled to any severance or other 
post-termination compensation or benefits from the Company resulting from 
such termination.

2. Acknowledgment and Release. As a condition precedent to the Companys 
obligations under this Agreement taking effect, on the Employment 
Termination Date, Colvin will sign (i) an acknowledgment and agreement that 
the Company has paid him all compensation and benefits due under the terms 
of the Employment Agreement as of the Employment Termination Date in the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Acknowledgement), and (ii) a 
Release and Waiver of Claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. To 
the extent Colvin is entitled to any accrued or vested benefits, nothing in 
this Agreement is intended to interfere with those benefits.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Consultancy Duties and Duration/Insurance. The Company desires Colvin to 
provide the Services to and at the direction of the new CFO of CEC or to 
his or her designees, beginning January 1, 2015. This Agreement shall 
expire on June 30, 2016, unless earlier terminated by the Company or 
Colvin, as set forth in Paragraph 7 below.

The Parties agree and understand that Colvin is solely responsible for 
obtaining insurance covering his provision of the Services. For the sake of 
clarification, this insurance requirement does not apply to any continuing 
D&O insurance coverage relating to Colvins employment as CFO with CEOC and 
CES.

4. Consideration/Benefits. In exchange for his provision of the Services, 
the Company shall pay Colvin the amount of $58,333.00 per month (the 
Monthly Payments). The Parties agree and understand that the Company will 
not withhold taxes or any other payroll withholdings from the Monthly 
Payments unless required to withhold under applicable law (in which case 
Colvin expressly acknowledges and agrees to any such requirement to 
withhold). Colvin shall be solely responsible for paying any and all taxes 
or other payments owed on the Monthly Payments. Colvin agrees to indemnify 
and hold harmless the Company Parties (as defined below) from any demands, 
losses, expenses, or other costs (including, but not limited to, court 
costs and reasonable attorneys fees) in respect of any such taxes. Colvin 
shall not be reimbursed for expenses relating to the provision of the 
Services unless Colvin obtains written authorization from the CFO or 
his/her authorized designee(s) prior to incurring such expenses.

Effective January 1, 2015, Colvin will no longer be eligible to participate 
in the Companys bonus, stock grant, or other benefit programs, except as 
follows:
 
  	(i) 	Colvins RSU and stock options scheduled to vest on Jan 2, 2015, 
will vest. Colvin understands and agrees that no additional vesting will 
occur.
 
  	(ii) 	Colvin may participate in and receive a performance bonus for 
calendar year 2014. The issuance and amount of such bonus shall be at the 
Companys sole discretion.
 
  	(iii) 	If, during the Term, Colvin elects to continue to participate in 
the Companys health insurance plan pursuant to COBRA, the Company will 
reimburse the cost of participation to Colvin upon receipt of proof of 
payment of the premium. The Companys obligation to reimburse Colvins 
premium costs shall end either at the end of the term or upon termination 
of this Agreement, whichever comes first.

5. Survival. The Parties agree and acknowledge that the following Sections 
(including all subparts) of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full 
force and effect following the Termination Date: Section 11 (
Non-Competition Agreement), Section 12 (Confidentiality), Section 13 (
Injunctive Relief), and Section 14 (Post-Employment Cooperation).
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. Knowing/Voluntary Agreement.

(a) Colvin acknowledges that Colvin (a) has carefully read this Agreement 
and the Employment Agreement; (b) is competent to manage his own affairs; 
(c) fully understands the Agreements and Employment Agreements contents 
and legal effect; (d) has been advised to consult with an attorney of 
Colvins choosing prior to signing this Agreement, if Colvin so desires; 
and (e) has chosen to enter into this Agreement freely, without coercion, 
and based upon Colvins own judgment, and that Colvin has not relied upon 
any promises made by the Company, other than the promises explicitly 
contained in this Agreement.

(b) To execute this Agreement, Colvin must sign and date the Agreement 
below, and return a signed copy hereof to Attn: Corporate Compensation, 
Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC., One Caesars Palace Drive, Las Vegas, 
Nevada 89109, (phone):702-880-6829, compensationrequests@caesars.com, via 
nationally recognized overnight carrier or email. The Agreement shall be 
effective as of the date of execution by both parties.

7. Termination of Agreement.

a. Termination for Licensing/Suitability by Gaming Regulatory Agency. As a 
holder of a privileged gaming license, Company and certain Affiliates are 
required to adhere to strict laws and regulations regarding vendor and 
other business relationships. If at any time Company determines, in its 
sole discretion, that its association with Colvin could violate any 
statutes and regulations regarding prohibited relationships with gaming 
companies, or if Company determines in good faith, in its sole discretion, 
that it would be in its best interest to terminate its relationship with 
Colvin in order to protect any of its privileged gaming licenses, Company 
may immediately terminate this Agreement. If Colvin is or becomes required 
to be licensed by any federal, state, and/or local gaming regulatory 
agency, Colvin shall secure said licensing at his sole cost and expense, 
and if he fails to become so licensed or, once licensed, fails to maintain 
such license, Company may immediately terminate this Agreement. If any 
gaming regulatory agency requires approval of this Agreement or its terms, 
such approval shall be obtained prior to the performance of any part of 
this Agreement. If such gaming regulatory agency disapproves this Agreement 
in whole or in part, Company may immediately terminate this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding any other terms of this Agreement, in the event of 
termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.a., Company shall 
have no further liability to Colvin, except for any obligations pursuant to 
the Proposal outstanding on the date termination becomes effective, 
including any payment obligation of Company or any Affiliate, unless 
otherwise prohibited by a gaming regulatory agency.

b. Termination for Material Breach. In addition to all other rights of 
termination set forth in this Agreement, the Company may terminate this 
Agreement in the event of Colvins material breach of this Agreement on 30 
days prior written notice to Colvin.

c. Termination for Breach of Confidentiality or Non-Compete. With respect 
to any material breach of Sections 11 or 12 of the Employment Agreement, no 
notice is required prior to termination of this Agreement.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
d. Termination upon Colvins Death. In the event of Colvins death, this 
Agreement shall immediately terminate, and Colvins estate or heirs shall 
be entitled solely to payment of the Monthly Payment for the month in which 
Colvin died.

8. Miscellaneous. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed an original, and both of which together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. The section headings in this 
Agreement are provided for convenience only and shall not affect the 
construction or interpretation of this Agreement or the provisions hereof.

9. No Admission. This Agreement shall not in any way be construed as an 
admission that the Company, Colvin, or any other individual or entity has 
any liability to or acted wrongfully in any way with respect to Colvin, the 
Company, CEOC, or any other person.

10. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed, construed, 
performed and enforced in accordance with its express terms, and otherwise 
in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada applicable to contracts 
to be performed therein. The federal and state courts located in Clark 
County, Nevada shall have sole and exclusive subject matter jurisdiction 
over any action brought to interpret, judge, decide, rule upon and enforce 
in any manner provided by Nevada law any of the terms, covenants, 
conditions, representations or warranties contained herein, and Colvin 
expressly consents to personal jurisdiction in Nevada for the purpose of 
resolving any dispute related to the making or interpretation of this 
Agreement.

11. Severability. It is the intention of the Parties that if any provision 
of the Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be 
void, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, all other provisions 
will remain in full force and effect, as if the void, illegal, or 
unenforceable provision is not part of the Agreement. If any court, agency 
or arbitration tribunal finds any term, restriction, or covenant herein 
unenforceable, then such terms, restriction or covenant shall be modified 
to the extent necessary to make it and this Agreement enforceable by such 
entity.

12. Modification of Agreement. Any modification of this Agreement or 
additional obligation assumed by either Party in connection with this 
Agreement shall be binding only if evidenced in writing signed by each 
Party or an authorized representative of each Party.

13. Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, 
this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with respect 
to the subject matter hereof, contains all the covenants, promises, 
representations, warranties, and agreements between the Parties with 
respect to Colvins separation from the Company and all positions 
therewith; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall 
supersede the Sections in the Employment Agreement identified in Paragraph 
5 (Survival) of this Agreement.

14. Acknowledgement of Independent Contractor. Colvin agrees that, in 
performing the Consultancy services to the Company, he is acting as an 
independent contractor and that he is not entitled to and shall not claim 
any of the rights, privileges or benefits of an employee of the Company or 
any or all of its subsidiaries or affiliates (together, with their 
respective principals, members, managers, officers, directors, employees, 
investors, representatives, and agents, the Company Parties and each a 
Company Party), except as specifically set forth in this
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement. Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be 
deemed to create any employment relationship, partnership, agency or joint 
venture relationship between or among Colvin on the one hand and any or all 
of the Company Parties on the other. Colvin understands that in respect of 
his services hereunder he will not receive nor be entitled to any of the 
rights, privileges or benefits that any or all of the Company Parties may 
extend to their respective employees, including, but not limited to, 
pension benefits, welfare benefits, vacation, termination or severance pay 
or other perquisites or benefits, by virtue of this Agreement or by virtue 
of Colvins provision of the Services, except as specifically set forth in 
this Agreement. Colvin, on behalf of himself and all of his heirs, legal 
representatives, successors and assigns, hereby releases and waives any and 
all rights, claims, or interests in any such privileges or benefits, 
including, but not limited to, pension benefits, welfare benefits, 
vacation, termination or severance pay or other perquisites and benefits. 
Colvin further agrees that he will not be provided with a permanent office 
nor will he be required to keep set office hours. Rather, Colvin will make 
himself available to provide the Services on an as-needed basis.

15. Authorities. Colvin hereby acknowledges and agrees that he does not 
have authority to act on behalf of, or otherwise bind, any or all of the 
Company Parties (as herein defined). Accordingly, Colvin may not enter into 
any agreements on behalf of or purport to bind any or all of such Company 
Parties, or represent to any person that Colvin has the power to create any 
obligation, express or implied, on behalf of any or all of such Company 
Parties without the Companys express prior written consent. Colvin shall 
not hold himself to any party as having such authority.

16. Subcontracts. Colvin may not subcontract for provision of any Services 
without the prior written consent of Company, which consent shall be within 
Companys sole and absolute discretion.

17. No Use of Name or Marks. Colvin agrees that he shall have no right to, 
or interest in, the name Caesars or any registered service mark or 
trademark of Company or its Affiliates, and Colvin shall not, in any 
manner, use such words or marks, in the promotion of Colvins business.

18. Review by Counsel. Colvin acknowledges that he had the opportunity to 
be represented by counsel in the negotiation and execution of this 
Agreement. Accordingly, the rule of construction of contract language 
against the drafting party is hereby knowingly and voluntarily waived by 
Colvin.

19. Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be liable for any delay or failure 
to perform its obligations due to (i) the occurrence of a force majeure 
event (including, without limitation, strikes, shortages, riots, 
insurrection, fires, flood, storm, explosions, acts of God, war, civil 
unrest, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, or any other similar event in the 
areas in which the Services are performed); (ii) or any material condition 
beyond such Partys reasonable control (whether foreseeable or not), 
provided however, that this paragraph does not excuse any breach of the 
terms contained herein (a) governing the use, reproduction, disclosure or 
transfer of any Confidential Information of a Party; or (b) for failure to 
pay for Services rendered. If due to a force majeure event Colvin is unable 
to provide the Services or Company is unable to accept the Services for a 
period of thirty consecutive days, either Party may terminate this 
Agreement, and
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
neither Party shall be deemed in default. In the event of any such delay or 
failure to perform, (A) the Party claiming such delay shall seek and use 
(to the extent available) economically reasonable and comparable 
substitutes or alternatives for performance reasonably approved by the 
other Party, and (B) the Party claiming such delay shall promptly give the 
other Party written notice of the occurrence of such delay, and upon the 
termination thereof, the termination of such delay. If the Party claiming 
such delay fails to give notice to the other Party of the occurrence and 
termination of such delay as provided herein within five business days from 
the date such Party has actual knowledge of such delay and/or the date of 
termination of such delay, as the case may be, the Party claiming such 
delay shall be deemed to have waived its right to an extension hereunder on 
account of such delay.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have knowingly and voluntarily 
executed the Agreement.
 
DONALD COLVIN 	  	 	  	Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC
/s/ Donald Colvin
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Mary Thomas
Print Name: 	  	
Donald Colvin
  	 	  	Title: 	  	
EVP, Human Resources
Date: 	  	
November 10, 2014
  	 	  	Date: 	  	
November 10, 2014
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

I, Donald Colvin, hereby acknowledge that I have received all compensation 
and benefits due to me under the terms of my Employment Agreement with the 
Company, as defined in the Consulting Agreement to which this 
Acknowledgement is attached as Exhibit A. I acknowledge and understand that 
I am not entitled to any further salary payments, bonus payments, or 
business expense reimbursements not already paid to me as of the date I 
sign this Acknowledgement. To the extent I am entitled to any accrued or 
vested benefits pursuant to any benefit or stock options plans in which I 
participated while employed by the Company, nothing in this Agreement is 
intended to interfere with or otherwise alter those benefits.
 
DONALD COLVIN
 
Date: 	  	                    , 201    
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

RELEASE AND WAIVER OF CLAIMS (RELEASE)

Donald Colvin (Colvin), for himself, his spouse, and each of Colvins 
heirs, beneficiaries, representatives, agents, successors, and assigns 
(collectively, Colvin Releasors), irrevocably and unconditionally 
releases and forever discharges Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC (the 
Company), each and all of its predecessors, parents, Subsidiaries, 
Affiliates, divisions, successors, and assigns (collectively with the 
Company, the Company Entities), and each and all of the Company Entities 
current and former officers, directors, employees, shareholders, 
representatives, attorneys, agents, and assigns (collectively, with the 
Company Entities, the Company Releasees), from any and all causes of 
action, claims, actions, rights, judgments, obligations, damages, demands, 
accountings, or liabilities of any kind or character, whether known or 
unknown, whether accrued or contingent, that Colvin has, had, or may have 
against them, or any of them, by reason of, arising out of, connected with, 
touching upon, or concerning Colvins employment with the Company, Colvins 
separation from the Company, and Colvins relationship with any or all of 
the Company Releasees, and from any and all statutory claims, regulatory 
claims, claims under the Employment Agreement, and any and all other claims 
or matters of whatever kind, nature, or description, arising from the 
beginning of the world up through the date Colvin signs this Release 
(collectively, the Released Claims). Colvin acknowledges that the 
Released Claims specifically include, but are not limited to, any and all 
claims for fraud, breach of express or implied contract, breach of the 
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, interference with 
contractual rights, violation of public policy, invasion of privacy, 
intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, intentional or 
negligent misrepresentation, defamation, libel, slander, or breach of 
privacy; claims for failure to pay wages, benefits, deferred compensation, 
commissions, bonuses, vacation pay, expenses, severance pay, attorneys 
fees, or other compensation of any sort; claims related to stock options, 
equity awards, or other grants, awards, or warrants; claims related to any 
tangible or intangible property of Colvin that remains with the Company; 
claims for retaliation, harassment or discrimination on the basis of race, 
color, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, 
disability, medical condition, marital status, gender identity, gender 
expression, or any other characteristic or criteria protected by law; any 
claim under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Title VII, as 
amended), 42 U.S.C. §§ 2000e, et seq., the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the 
Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act 
(ADEA), the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), 29 U.S.C. §§ 2601, et 
seq., the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), 29 U.S.C. §§ 201, et seq., the 
Equal Pay Act, 29 U.S.C. §206(a) and interpretive regulations, the 
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. §§ 12101, et seq., the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (COBRA), the 
Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) or any other health and/or 
safety laws, statutes, or regulations, the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), 29 U.S.C. §§ 301, et seq., the Immigration 
Reform and Control Act of 1986, 8 U.S.C. §§ 1101, et seq., or the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; all claims arising under the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Public Law 107-204), including whistleblowing 
claims under 18 U.S.C. §§ 1513(e) and 1514A; the Nevada Wage and Hour Laws, 
NEV. REV. STAT. § 608.005, et seq., the Nevada Fair Employment Practices 
Act. NEV. REV. STAT. § 613.310 et seq., and any and all other foreign, 
federal, state, or local laws, common law, or case law, including but not 
limited to all statutes, regulations, common law, and other laws in place 
in Clark County, Nevada.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
As of the Separation Date, Colvin acknowledges and represents that Colvin 
has not been either directly or indirectly involved in, witnessed or asked 
or directed to participate in any conduct that could give rise to an 
allegation that the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates has 
violated any laws applicable to its businesses or that could otherwise be 
construed as inappropriate or unethical in any way, even if such conduct is 
not, or does not appear to be, a violation of any law. Colvin confirms that 
Colvin has been given the opportunity to report such conduct to the Company 
and to third parties and that Colvin has not made such report. Colvin also 
confirms that Colvin has no charge, complaint or action against the Company 
or any Company Releasees in any forum or form.

Colvin acknowledges and agrees that if he should hereafter make any claim 
or demand or commence or threaten to commence any action, claim or 
proceeding against the Company Releasees with respect to any cause, matter 
or thing which is the subject of this Release (other than a charge brought 
to an administrative agency), this Release may be raised as a complete bar 
to any such action, claim or proceeding, and the applicable Company 
Releasee may recover from the Colvin all costs incurred in connection with 
such action, claim or proceeding, including attorneys fees.

Colvin understands that by signing this Agreement, Colvin waives any claims 
Colvin may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (the 
ADEA) up to the time Employee signs this Agreement. Employee has, if 
Employee wishes, twenty-one (21) days to consider this Agreement prior to 
signing it, and seven (7) days after signing this Agreement to revoke his 
signature. Any revocation within this seven (7) day period must be 
submitted, in writing, to Tim Donovan, General Counsel of Caesars 
Entertainment Corporation, and state, I hereby revoke my acceptance of the 
Release and Waiver of Claims attached at Exhibit B to my Consulting 
Agreement. For this revocation to be effective, the written notice must be 
received by Tim Donovan not later than the close of business on the seventh 
(7th) calendar day after Colvin signs this Agreement. If Colvin revokes 
this Release, the Consulting Agreement to which this release is attached as 
Exhibit B shall not be effective or enforceable, and Colvin will not 
receive the Consideration set forth in Paragraph 4 of the Consulting 
Agreement.
 
Signed:
DONALD COLVIN
 
Date: 	  	                    , 201
 
9