 EX-10.1 6 c78320_ex10-1.htm
Exhibit 10.1
 
 
 
CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT
 
Dated as of [●], 2014
 
 
 

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ARTICLE I
  	  	 
DEFINITIONS
  	  	 
Section 1.1. 	Definitions 	2
  	  	 
ARTICLE II
  	  	 
THE CONTRIBUTIONS
  	  	 
Section 2.1. 	Contribution of Vessel Owners to the Partnership 	4
Section 2.2. 	Contribution of Vessel Owners to New Holdings; Issuance of 
Equity Interests to the Partnership 	4
Section 2.3. 	Retained Right to Insurance Proceeds 	4
  	  	 
ARTICLE III
  	  	 
THE OFFERING AND CONCURRENT TRANSACTIONS
  	  	 
Section 3.1. 	The Offering 	5
Section 3.2. 	Use of the IPO Proceeds 	5
  	  	 
ARTICLE IV
  	  	 
DEFERRED ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION
  	  	 
Section 4.1. 	Deferred Issuance and Distribution 	5
  	  	 
ARTICLE V
  	  	 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COSTAMARE; DISCLAIMER
  	  	 
Section 5.1. 	Representations and Warranties 	5
Section 5.2. 	Disclaimer of Warranties 	7
  	  	 
ARTICLE VI
  	  	 
FURTHER ASSURANCES
  	  	 
Section 6.1. 	Further Assurances 	7
Section 6.2. 	Power of Attorney 	8
  	  	 
ARTICLE VII
  	  	 
MISCELLANEOUS
  	  	 
Section 7.1. 	Survival of Representations and Warranties 	8
Section 7.2. 	Taxes 	8
Section 7.3. 	Headings; References, Interpretation 	8
Section 7.4. 	Successors and Permitted Assigns 	9
Section 7.5. 	No Third Party Rights 	9
Section 7.6. 	Counterparts 	9
Section 7.7. 	Governing Law 	9

i


Section 7.8. 	Severability 	9
Section 7.9. 	Deed; Bill of Sale; Assignment 	9
Section 7.10. 	Amendment or Modification 	9
Section 7.11. 	Integration 	9

ii


FORM OF CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT
 
This CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of [●], 2014 is 
made by and among COSTAMARE INC., a corporation incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of the Marshall Islands (“Costamare”), COSTAMARE PARTNERS 
LP, a limited partnership duly organized and existing under the laws of the 
Republic of the Marshall Islands (the “Partnership”), COSTAMARE PARTNERS GP 
LLC, a Marshall Islands limited liability company and the general partner 
of the Partnership (the “General Partner”) and COSTAMARE PARTNERS HOLDINGS 
LLC, a Marshall Islands limited liability company (“New Holdings”). The 
above-named entities are sometimes referred to in this Agreement each as a 
“Party” and collectively as the “Parties.”
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Partnership was formed pursuant to the Limited Partnership Act 
of the Republic of the Marshall Islands (the “Marshall Islands LP Act”) for 
the purposes set forth in the Agreement of Limited Partnership of the 
Partnership, dated as of July 30, 2014 (the “Original LP Agreement”);
 
WHEREAS, the Partnership formed New Holdings pursuant to the Marshall 
Islands Limited Liability Company Act of 1996 for the purposes set forth in 
the Limited Liability Company Agreement of New Holdings;
 
WHEREAS, Costamare formed the General Partner pursuant to the Marshall 
Islands Limited Liability Company Act of 1996 for the purposes set forth in 
the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the General Partner;
 
WHEREAS, on the date hereof:
 
1. 	The General Partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Costamare.
 
2. 	Costamare owns a 98% limited partner interest in the Partnership and 
the General Partner owns a 2% general partner interest in the Partnership.
 
3. 	New Holdings is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership.
 
4. 	Costamare owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of Capetanissa 
Maritime Corporation, a corporation incorporated under the laws of Liberia 
(“Capetanissa”), and the owner of the COSCO Beijing.
 
5. 	Costamare owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of Jodie 
Shipping Co., a corporation incorporated under the laws of Liberia (“Jodie 
Shipping”), and the owner of the MSC Athens.
 
6. 	Costamare owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of Kayley 
Shipping Co., a corporation incorporated under the laws of Liberia (“
Kayley Shipping”), and the owner of the MSC Athos.
 
7. 	Costamare owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of Raymond 
Shipping Co., a corporation incorporated under the laws of Liberia (“
Raymond Shipping”, and together with Capetanissa, Jodie Shipping and Kayley 
Shipping, the “Vessel Owners”), and the owner of the Value.
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to this Agreement, each of the following will occur on or 
promptly following the closing date of the Offering (the “Effective Time
”):
 

1. 	Costamare will contribute all of the shares of the Vessel Owners to the 
Partnership in exchange for [●] Common Units, representing a [●]% limited 
partner interest in the Partnership, all of the Subordinated Units, 
representing a 49.0% limited partner interest in the Partnership, all of 
the IDRs and the right to receive the Deferred Issuance and Distribution 
(as defined herein) and a payment of approximately $[●] million to 
Costamare.
 
2. 	The Partnership will contribute all of the shares of the Vessel Owners 
to New Holdings in exchange for all of the equity interests in New 
Holdings.
 
3. 	The General Partner will continue to hold a 2% general partner interest 
in the Partnership.
 
4. 	The Partnership will issue [●] Common Units to the public in an 
underwritten initial public offering (the “Offering”) in exchange for $[●] 
(the “IPO Proceeds”).
 
5. 	The Partnership will draw down on the $126.6 million term loan 
facility, which facility, together with the $53.4 million revolving credit 
facility, constitutes the new credit facility entered into with DNB Bank 
ASA, Citibank, N.A., London Branch and Credit Suisse AG (the “New Credit 
Facility”).
 
6. 	The Partnership will use a portion of the IPO Proceeds, together with 
$[●] of borrowings under the term loan facility of the New Credit Facility, 
to: (a) pay underwriting discounts and commissions and structuring fees of 
$[●] million; (b) repay approximately (i) $[●] of borrowings under the 
$90.0 million credit facility with Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank (ex. Calyon) as agent (the “Credit Agricole Credit Facility”), (ii) 
$[●] of borrowings under the $140.0 million credit facility with ING Bank 
N.V., London Branch as agent (the “ING Credit Facility”) and (iii) $[●] of 
borrowings under the $152.8 million credit facility with DnB NOR Bank ASA 
as agent (the “DnB Credit Facility”); and (c) make a payment to Costamare 
of approximately $[●] million, which Costamare will use to pay other fees 
and expenses, including the swap termination fee, in connection with the 
Offering.
 
AGREEMENT
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby 
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereby 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS
 
Section 1.1. Definitions. The following defined terms will have the 
meanings given below:
 
“Agreement” means this Contribution Agreement.
 
“Attorney-in-Fact” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.
 
“Capetanissa” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement.
 
“Charter” means the time charter party related to the applicable Vessel.
 
“Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

2


“Common Unit” means a common unit representing a limited partner interest 
in the Partnership having the rights set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement.
 
“Conveying Party” or “Conveying Parties” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 6.2.
 
“Costamare” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of this 
Agreement.
 
“Deferred Issuance and Distribution” has the meaning set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement.
 
“Effective Time” means 9:00 a.m. prevailing Eastern Time on the date that 
is the closing date of the Offering.
 
“Firm Units” means the Common Units to be sold to the Underwriters pursuant 
to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, but does not include any Option 
Units.
 
“General Partner” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of 
this Agreement.
 
“IDRs” means the incentive distribution rights of the Partnership having 
the rights set forth in the Partnership Agreement.
 
“Interests” means all of the outstanding shares of the Vessel Owners.
 
“IPO Proceeds” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement.
 
“Jodie Shipping” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this 
Agreement.
 
“Kayley Shipping” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this 
Agreement.
 
“Laws” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(c).
 
“Marshall Islands LP Act” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this 
Agreement.
 
“New Credit Facility” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this 
Agreement.
 
“New Holdings” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of this 
Agreement.
 
“Offering” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement.
 
“Option Units” means a number of Common Units equal to up to 15% of the 
Firm Units, which the Partnership will agree to sell to the Underwriters, 
at their option, to cover over-allotments in connection with the Offering.
 
“Original LP Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this 
Agreement.
 
“Over-Allotment Option” means the option to purchase the Option Units.
 
“Partnership” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of this 
Agreement.
 
“Partnership Agreement” means the First Amended and Restated Agreement of 
Limited Partnership of the Partnership, to be dated as of [●], 2014.
 
“Party” or “Parties” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of 
this Agreement.

3


“Raymond Shipping” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this 
Agreement.
 
“Registration Statement” means the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed 
with the Commission (Registration No. 333-199113), as amended.
 
“Representatives” means Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
 
“Subordinated Unit” means a subordinated unit representing a limited 
partner interest in the Partnership having the rights set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement.
 
“Underwriters” means the underwriting syndicate listed in the Underwriting 
Agreement.
 
“Underwriting Agreement” means the underwriting agreement dated as of [●], 
2014 among Costamare, the General Partner, the Partnership, New Holdings 
and the Representatives on behalf of themselves and the Underwriters.
 
“Vessels” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(d).
 
“Vessel Financing Agreements” means the vessel financing agreements of the 
Vessel Owners, as described in the Registration Statement.
 
“Vessel Owners” means collectively Capetanissa, Jodie Shipping, Kayley 
Shipping and Raymond Shipping.
 
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
meanings assigned to such terms in the Partnership Agreement.
 
ARTICLE II

THE CONTRIBUTIONS
 
As of the Effective Time, the following transactions shall be completed in 
the order set forth below.
 
Section 2.1. Contribution of Vessel Owners to the Partnership. Costamare 
hereby contributes, assigns and transfers as a capital contribution 100% of 
the shares of the Vessel Owners to the Partnership. Immediately following 
the forgoing contributions, assignments and transfers, the Partnership will 
own 100% of the shares of the Vessel Owners. In consideration for the 
capital contributions to the Partnership, (a) the Partnership will issue to 
Costamare [●] Common Units, representing a [●]% limited partner interest in 
the Partnership, all of the Subordinated Units, representing a 49.0% 
limited partner interest in the Partnership, all of the IDRs and the right 
to receive the Deferred Issuance and Distribution, and make a payment of 
approximately $[●] million to Costamare and (b) the General Partner will 
maintain its 2% general partner interest in the Partnership.
 
Section 2.2. Contribution of Vessel Owners to New Holdings; Issuance of 
Equity Interests to the Partnership. The Partnership hereby contributes, 
assigns and transfers as a capital contribution 100% of the shares of the 
Vessel Owners to New Holdings. In consideration for the capital 
contribution by the Partnership to New Holdings described in the preceding 
sentence, New Holdings will issue all of its equity interests to the 
Partnership.
 
Section 2.3. Retained Right to Insurance Proceeds. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing contributions, the Parties hereby agree that any insurance 
proceeds received by the Partnership after the Effective Time shall belong 
to Costamare and be promptly distributed to Costamare to the extent that 
such insurance proceeds (a) related to damage or periods of off-hire 
incurred by the Vessels prior to the Effective Time

4


and (b) exceeded any costs incurred by the Partnership or any of its 
subsidiaries to repair any such damage to the Vessels.
 
ARTICLE III

THE OFFERING AND CONCURRENT TRANSACTIONS
 
After the consummation of the transactions as described in ARTICLE II, the 
following transactions shall be completed in the order set forth below:
 
Section 3.1. The Offering. The Partnership will issue [●] Common Units to 
the public in the Offering pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement in 
exchange for the IPO Proceeds.
 
Section 3.2. Use of the IPO Proceeds.
 
(a) The Partnership will use a portion of the IPO Proceeds, together with 
$[●] of borrowings under the term loan facility of the New Credit Facility, 
to: (a) pay underwriting discounts and commissions and structuring fees of 
$[●] million; (b) repay approximately (i) $[●] of borrowings under the 
$90.0 million Credit Agricole Credit Facility, (ii) $[●] of borrowings 
under the $140.0 million ING Credit Facility and (iii) $[●] of borrowings 
under the $152.8 million DnB Credit Facility; and (c) make a payment to 
Costamare of approximately $[●] million, which Costamare will use to pay 
other fees and expenses, including the swap termination fee, in connection 
with the Offering.
 
ARTICLE IV

DEFERRED ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION
 
Section 4.1. Deferred Issuance and Distribution. Upon the earlier to occur 
of the expiration of the Over-Allotment Option period or the exercise in 
full of the Over-Allotment Option, the Partnership shall issue to Costamare 
a number of additional Common Units that is equal to the excess, if any, of 
(a) the total number of Option Units over (b) the aggregate number of 
Common Units, if any, actually purchased by and issued to the Underwriters 
pursuant to the exercise(s) of the Over-Allotment Option. Upon each 
exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Partnership shall distribute to 
Costamare an amount of cash equal to the proceeds therefrom net of the 
Underwriters’ discount of each such exercise.
 
ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COSTAMARE; DISCLAIMER
 
Section 5.1. Representations and Warranties. Costamare hereby represents 
and warrants that:
 
(a) Each of the Vessel Owners has been duly formed or incorporated and is 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its respective 
jurisdiction of formation or incorporation and has all requisite power and 
authority to operate its assets and conduct its business as described in 
the Registration Statement;
 
(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and all documents, 
instruments and agreements required to be executed and delivered by it 
pursuant to this Agreement in connection with the completion of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, have been duly authorized by 
all necessary action on its part, and this Agreement has been duly executed 
and delivered by it and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation 
of it enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, reconstruction and 
other similar laws of general application affecting the enforceability of 
remedies and rights of creditors and except that equitable remedies such as 
specific performance and injunction are in the discretion of a court;

5


(c) The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement will 
not conflict with or result in any violation of or constitute a breach of 
any of the terms or provisions of, or result in the acceleration of any 
obligation under, or constitute a default under any provision of: (i) its 
or any Vessel Owner’s articles of association, articles of incorporation or 
bylaws or limited liability company agreement or other organizational 
documents; (ii) any lien, encumbrance, security interest, pledge, mortgage, 
charge, other claim, bond, indenture, agreement, contract, franchise 
license, permit or other instrument or obligation to which it or any Vessel 
Owner is a party or is subject or by which any of its or any Vessel Owner’s 
assets or properties may be bound; (iii) any applicable laws, statutes, 
ordinances, rules or regulations promulgated by a governmental authority, 
orders of a governmental authority, judicial decisions, decisions of 
arbitrators or determinations of any governmental authority or court (“
Laws”); (iv) any Charter to which any Vessel Owner is a party or any 
material provision of any material contract to which it or any Vessel Owner 
is a party or by which its or any Vessel Owner’s assets are bound; or (v) 
the Vessel Financing Agreements;
 
(d) Except as have already been obtained or that will be obtained in the 
ordinary course of business, no consent, permit, approval or authorization 
of, notice or declaration to or filing with any governmental authority or 
any other person, including those related to any environmental laws or 
regulations, is required in connection with the execution and delivery by 
it of this Agreement or the consummation by it of the transactions 
contemplated hereunder, and any consents required for the transfer or 
assignment of the Charter related to the COSCO Beijing, the MSC Athens, the 
MSC Athos and the Value (the “Vessels”) have been duly obtained;
 
(e) All of the issued and outstanding shares of each Vessel Owner are duly 
authorized and are validly issued in accordance with the articles of 
association, articles of incorporation or bylaws or limited liability 
company agreement or other organizational documents of such Vessel Owner 
and are fully paid and non-assessable;
 
(f) Costamare owns, directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding shares 
of each Vessel Owner and has good and marketable title thereto, free and 
clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, pledges, mortgages, 
charges or other claims, other than those arising under the Vessel 
Financing Agreements;
 
(g) There is no outstanding agreement, contract, option, commitment or 
other right or understanding in favor of, or held by, any person other than 
the Partnership to acquire the Vessel Owners or the assets of the Vessel 
Owners, including the Vessels, that has not been waived;
 
(h) Correct and complete copies of the organizational documents of each 
Vessel Owner (as amended to the date of this Agreement) and each Charter to 
which any Vessel Owner is a party have been made available to the 
Partnership;
 
(i) Each such Charter is a valid and binding agreement of each contracting 
Vessel Owner enforceable in accordance with its terms and, to the knowledge 
of Costamare, of all other parties thereto enforceable in accordance with 
its terms;
 
(j) As applicable, each Vessel Owner has fulfilled all material obligations 
required pursuant to its respective Charter to have been performed by it 
prior to the date of this Agreement and has not waived any material rights 
thereunder; and no material default or breach exists in respect thereof on 
its or any Vessel Owner’s part or, to its knowledge, any of the other 
parties thereto and, to its knowledge, no event has occurred which, after 
giving of notice or the lapse of time, or both, would constitute such a 
material default or breach;
 
(k) There are no liabilities, debts or obligations of, encumbrances, 
defects or restrictions with respect to, or claims against the Vessel 
Owners or any of the assets owned by the Vessel Owners, including the 
Vessels, other than (i) those arising under or in connection with the 
Vessel Financing Agreements, the relevant Charter and/or the relevant ship 
management agreement; and (ii) those arising in

6


connection with the ownership, management, chartering and/or operation of 
containerships of the same type as the Vessels in the ordinary course of 
business; and
 
(l) Each Vessel is (i) adequate and suitable for use by the applicable 
Vessel Owner in such Vessel Owner’s business as presently conducted by it 
in all material respects as described in the Registration Statement, 
ordinary wear and tear excepted; (ii) insured against all risks, and in 
amounts, consistent with common industry practices, unless a waiver in 
respect thereof has been lawfully obtained; (iii) in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations; (iv) duly registered under the flag set 
forth opposite such Vessel’s name on Schedule A hereto; and (v) in 
compliance in all material respects with the requirements of its present 
class and classification society; and all class certificates of each Vessel 
are clean and valid and free of overdue recommendations affecting class.
 
Section 5.2. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED IN 
THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER DOCUMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NONE OF THE 
PARTIES HAS MADE, DOES NOT MAKE, AND EACH SUCH PARTY SPECIFICALLY NEGATES 
AND DISCLAIMS, ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, PROMISES, COVENANTS, 
AGREEMENTS OR GUARANTIES OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER WHATSOEVER, WHETHER 
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, ORAL OR WRITTEN, PAST OR PRESENT, REGARDING 
(A) THE VALUE, NATURE, QUALITY OR CONDITION OF THE ASSETS OWNED BY THE 
VESSEL OWNERS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION 
OF THE ASSETS GENERALLY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE PRESENCE OR 
LACK OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES OR OTHER MATTERS ON SUCH ASSETS, (B) THE 
INCOME TO BE DERIVED FROM SUCH ASSETS, (C) THE SUITABILITY OF SUCH ASSETS 
FOR ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES AND USES THAT MAY BE CONDUCTED THEREON OR 
THEREWITH, (D) THE COMPLIANCE OF OR BY SUCH ASSETS OR THEIR OPERATION WITH 
ANY LAWS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY ZONING, ENVIRONMENTAL 
PROTECTION, POLLUTION OR LAND USE LAWS, RULES, REGULATIONS, ORDERS OR 
REQUIREMENTS), OR (E) THE HABITABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, MARKETABILITY, 
PROFITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF SUCH ASSETS. EXCEPT TO 
THE EXTENT PROVIDED IN ANY OTHER DOCUMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN 
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT 
SUCH PARTY HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO INSPECT THE ASSETS OF THE VESSEL 
OWNERS, AND SUCH PARTY IS RELYING SOLELY ON ITS OWN INVESTIGATION OF THE 
ASSETS OF THE VESSEL OWNERS AND NOT ON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED OR TO BE 
PROVIDED BY ANY OF THE OTHER PARTIES. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED IN ANY 
OTHER DOCUMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, 
NONE OF THE PARTIES IS LIABLE OR BOUND IN ANY MANNER BY ANY VERBAL OR 
WRITTEN STATEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS OR INFORMATION PERTAINING TO THE ASSETS 
OF THE VESSEL OWNERS FURNISHED BY ANY AGENT, EMPLOYEE, SERVANT OR THIRD 
PARTY. THIS SECTION SHALL SURVIVE THE CONTRIBUTION AND CONVEYANCE OF THE 
INTERESTS OR THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS 
SECTION HAVE BEEN NEGOTIATED BY THE PARTIES AFTER DUE CONSIDERATION AND ARE 
INTENDED TO BE A COMPLETE EXCLUSION AND NEGATION OF ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR 
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE 
ASSETS OF THE VESSEL OWNERS THAT MAY ARISE PURSUANT TO ANY LAW NOW OR 
HEREAFTER IN EFFECT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR 
ANY OTHER DOCUMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.
 
ARTICLE VI

FURTHER ASSURANCES
 
Section 6.1. Further Assurances. From time to time on or after the date of 
this Agreement, and without any further consideration, the Parties agree to 
execute, acknowledge and deliver all such additional

7


deeds, assignments, bills of sale, conveyances, instruments, notices, 
releases, acquittances and other documents, and will do all such other acts 
and things, all in accordance with applicable Law, as may be necessary or 
appropriate (a) more fully to assure that the applicable Parties own all of 
the properties, rights, titles, interests, estates, remedies, powers and 
privileges granted by this Agreement, or which are intended to be so 
granted, (b) more fully and effectively to vest in the applicable Parties 
and their respective successors and assigns beneficial and record title to 
the interests contributed and assigned by this Agreement or intended so to 
be and (c) to more fully and effectively carry out the purposes and intent 
of this Agreement.
 
Section 6.2. Power of Attorney. Each Party that has conveyed any Interests 
as reflected by this Agreement (collectively, the “Conveying Parties”) 
hereby constitutes and appoints each of [Konstantinos Konstantakopoulos, 
Gregory Zikos and Anastassios Gabrielides] (each, the “Attorney-in-Fact”) 
its true and lawful Attorney-in-Fact with full power of substitution for it 
and in its name, place and stead or otherwise on behalf of the applicable 
Conveying Party and its successors and assigns, and for the benefit of the 
Attorney-in-Fact to demand and receive from time to time the Interests 
contributed and conveyed by this Agreement (or intended so to be) and to 
execute in the name of the applicable Conveying Party and its successors 
and assigns instruments of conveyance, instruments of further assurance and 
to give receipts and releases in respect of the same, and from time to time 
to institute and prosecute in the name of the applicable Conveying Party 
for the benefit of the Attorney-in-Fact, any and all proceedings at law, in 
equity or otherwise which the Attorney-in-Fact may deem proper in order to 
(a) collect, assert or enforce any claims, rights or titles of any kind in 
and to the Interests, (b) defend and compromise any and all actions, suits 
or proceedings in respect of any of the Interests, and (c) do any and all 
such acts and things in furtherance of this Agreement as the 
Attorney-in-Fact shall deem advisable. Each Conveying Party hereby declares 
that the appointment hereby made and the powers hereby granted are coupled 
with an interest and are and shall be irrevocable and perpetual and shall 
not be terminated by any act of any Conveying Party or its successors or 
assigns or by operation of law.
 
ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 7.1. Survival of Representations and Warranties. The 
representations and warranties of Costamare in this Agreement and in or 
under any documents, instruments and agreements delivered pursuant to this 
Agreement, will survive the completion of the transactions contemplated 
hereby regardless of any independent investigations that the Partnership 
may make or cause to be made, or knowledge it may have, prior to the date 
of this Agreement and will continue in full force and effect for a period 
of one year from the date of this Agreement. At the end of such period, 
such representations and warranties will terminate, and no claim may be 
brought by the Partnership against Costamare thereafter in respect of such 
representations and warranties, except for claims that have been asserted 
by the Partnership prior such date.
 
Section 7.2. Taxes. The Partnership shall pay any and all sales, use and 
similar taxes arising out of the contributions, conveyances and deliveries 
to be made hereunder, and shall pay all documentary, filing, recording, 
transfer, deed, and conveyance taxes and fees required in connection 
therewith.
 
Section 7.3. Headings; References, Interpretation. All Article and Section 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be deemed 
to control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions 
hereof. The words “hereof,” “herein” and “hereunder” and words of similar 
import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a 
whole, including, without limitation, all Schedules attached hereto, and 
not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All references herein to 
Articles, Sections and Schedules shall, unless the context requires a 
different construction, be deemed to be references to the Articles and 
Sections of this Agreement and the Schedules attached hereto, and all such 
Schedules attached hereto are hereby incorporated herein and made a part 
hereof for all purposes. All personal pronouns used in this Agreement, 
whether used in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender, shall include all 
other genders, and the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. 
The use herein of the word “including” following any general statement, 
term or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term or 
matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately

8


following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not 
non-limiting language (such as “without limitation,” “but not limited to” 
or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather 
shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could 
reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general 
statement, term or matter.
 
Section 7.4. Successors and Permitted Assigns. This Agreement shall be 
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns. No Party may assign its rights under this 
Agreement without the prior written consent of each other Party hereto, 
which consent may be withheld in such other Party’s sole discretion.
 
Section 7.5. No Third Party Rights. The provisions of this Agreement are 
intended to bind the Parties as to each other and are not intended to and 
do not create rights in any other person or confer upon any other person 
any benefits, rights or remedies, and no person is or is intended to be a 
third party beneficiary of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
 
Section 7.6. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts with the same effect as if all signatory Parties had signed 
the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. The delivery of an executed 
counterpart copy of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission 
in PDF format shall be deemed to be the equivalent of delivery of the 
originally executed copy thereof.
 
Section 7.7. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of New York, United 
States of America, applicable to contracts made and to be performed wholly 
within such jurisdiction without giving effect to conflict of law 
principles thereof other than Section 5-1401 of the New York General 
Obligations Law, except to the extent that it is mandatory that the law of 
some other jurisdiction, wherein the Interests are located, shall apply.
 
Section 7.8. Severability. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are 
held by any court of competent jurisdiction to contravene, or to be invalid 
under, the laws of any governmental body having jurisdiction over the 
subject matter hereof, such contravention or invalidity shall not 
invalidate the entire Agreement. Instead, this Agreement shall be construed 
as if it did not contain the particular provision or provisions held to be 
invalid and an equitable adjustment shall be made and necessary provision 
added so as to give effect, as nearly as possible, to the intention of the 
Parties as expressed in this Agreement at the time of execution of this 
Agreement.
 
Section 7.9. Deed; Bill of Sale; Assignment. To the extent required and 
permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall also constitute a “deed,” 
“bill of sale” or “assignment” of the interests referenced herein.
 
Section 7.10. Amendment or Modification. This Agreement may be amended or 
modified from time to time only by the written agreement of all the 
Parties. Each such instrument shall be reduced to writing and shall be 
designated on its face as an amendment to this Agreement.
 
Section 7.11. Integration. This Agreement and the instruments referenced 
herein supersede all previous understandings or agreements among the 
Parties, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter of 
this Agreement and such instruments. This Agreement and such instruments 
contain the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and thereof. No understanding, representation, promise or 
agreement, whether oral or written, is intended to be or shall be included 
in or form part of this Agreement unless it is contained in a written 
amendment hereto executed by the Parties after the date of this Agreement.
 
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]

9


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Agreement have caused it to be duly 
executed as of the date first above written.
 
  	COSTAMARE PARTNERS HOLDINGS LLC 	 
  	  	  	 
  	Sole Member: Costamare Partners LP
By: Costamare Partners GP LLC, its general partner 	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title:
  	 
  	COSTAMARE PARTNERS GP LLC 	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title:
  	 
  	COSTAMARE PARTNERS LP 	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: Costamare Partners GP LLC, its general partner 	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title:
  	 
  	COSTAMARE INC. 	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title:

Signature Page
To
Contribution Agreement


SCHEDULE A

VESSEL OWNERS AND VESSELS
 
Vessel Owners Subsidiary
  	
Jurisdiction of
Registration
  	
Vessel
  	
Flag
Capetanissa Maritime Corporation 	  	Liberia 	  	COSCO Beijing 	  	Greece
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Jodie Shipping Co. 	  	Liberia 	  	MSC Athens 	  	Greece
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Kayley Shipping Co. 	  	Liberia 	  	MSC Athos 	  	Greece
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Raymond Shipping Co. 	  	Liberia 	  	Value 	  	Malta

Schedule A
To
Contribution Agreement