 EX-10.6 12 s100441_ex10-6.htm EXHIBIT 10.6
 
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of 
the _________, 2014, by and among CB Pharma Acquisition Corp., a Cayman 
Islands company (the “Company”), and the undersigned parties listed under 
Investor on the signature page hereto (each, an “Investor” and 
collectively, the “Investors”).
 
WHEREAS, the Investors currently hold all of the outstanding Ordinary 
Shares of the Company issued prior to the consummation of the Company’s 
initial public offering (the “Initial Shares”);
 
WHEREAS, two of the Investors (and/or their designees) are privately 
purchasing up to 288,000 Units simultaneously with the consummation of the 
Company’s initial public offering (the “Private Units”);
 
WHEREAS, the Investors and the Company desire to enter into this Agreement 
to provide the Investors with certain rights relating to the registration 
of the Initial Shares, the Private Units and the Working Capital Units 
(defined below);
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set 
forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree 
as follows:
 
1.          DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized terms used herein have 
the following meanings:
 
“Agreement” means this Agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented, or 
otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Business Combination” means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, 
share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business 
combination with one or more businesses or entities.
 
“Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other 
Federal agency then administering the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
 
“Company” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Demand Registration” is defined in Section 2.1.1.
 
“Demanding Holder” is defined in Section 2.1.1.
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as 
the same shall be in effect at the time.
 
“Form S-3” is defined in Section 2.3.
 
“Indemnified Party” is defined in Section 4.3.
 

 

 

 
“Indemnifying Party” is defined in Section 4.3.
 
“Initial Shares” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Initial Private Units” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Investor” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Investor Indemnified Party” is defined in Section 4.1.
 
“Maximum Number of Shares” is defined in Section 2.1.4.
 
“Notices” is defined in Section 6.3.
 
“Option Securities” is defined in Section 2.1.4.
 
“Ordinary Shares” means the Ordinary Shares of the Company, par value 
$0.0001 per share.
 
“Over-Allotment Private Units” is defined in the preamble to this 
Agreement.
 
“Piggy-Back Registration” is defined in Section 2.2.1.
 
“Private Units” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Register,” “Registered” and “Registration” mean a registration effected by 
preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in 
compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration 
statement becoming effective.
 
“Registrable Securities” means (i) all of the Initial Shares, (ii) all of 
the Private Units (and underlying securities) and (iii) all of the Working 
Capital Units (and underlying securities). Registrable Securities include 
any warrants, share capital or other securities of the Company issued as a 
dividend or other distribution with respect to or in exchange for or in 
replacement of such Initial Shares, Private Units (and underlying 
securities) and Working Capital Units (and underlying securities). As to 
any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to be 
Registrable Securities when: (a) a Registration Statement with respect to 
the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the 
Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, 
disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; 
(b) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates 
for them not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been 
delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of them shall 
not require registration under the Securities Act; (c) such securities 
shall have ceased to be outstanding, or (d) the Registrable Securities are 
freely saleable under Rule 144 without volume limitations.
 
“Registration Statement” means a registration statement filed by the 
Company with the Commission in compliance with the Securities Act and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder for a public offering and sale 
of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or 
exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities (other than a 
registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8, or their successors, or any 
registration statement covering only securities proposed to be issued in 
exchange for securities or assets of another entity).
 

2

 

 
“Release Date” means the date on which the Initial Shares are disbursed 
from escrow pursuant to Section 3 of that certain Share Escrow Agreement 
dated as of ________, 2014 by and among certain of the Investors and 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.
 
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as the 
same shall be in effect at the time.
 
“Underwriter” means a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable 
Securities as principal in an underwritten offering and not as part of such 
dealer’s market-making activities.
 
“Units” means the units of the Company, each comprised of one Ordinary 
Share, one right to receive one-tenth of one Ordinary Share and one Warrant 
to purchase one-half of one Ordinary Share.
 
“Warrants” means the warrants of the Company underlying the Units, each to 
purchase one half of one Ordinary Share.
 
“Working Capital Units” means any Units held by Investors, officers or 
directors of the Company or their affiliates which may be issued in payment 
of working capital loans made to the Company.
 
2.           REGISTRATION RIGHTS.
 
2.1         Demand Registration.
 
2.1.1 Request for Registration. At any time and from time to time on or 
after (i) the date that the Company consummates a Business Combination with 
respect to the Private Units (or underlying securities) and Working Capital 
Units (or underlying securities) or (ii) three months prior to the Release 
Date with respect to all other Registrable Securities, the holders of a 
majority-in-interest of such Private Units (or underlying securities), 
Working Capital Units (or underlying securities) or other Registrable 
Securities, as the case may be, held by the Investors, officers or 
directors of the Company or their affiliates, or the transferees of the 
Investors, may make a written demand for registration under the Securities 
Act of all or part of their Private Units (or underlying securities), 
Working Capital Units (or underlying securities) or other Registrable 
Securities, as the case may be (a “Demand Registration”). Any demand for a 
Demand Registration shall specify the number of shares of Registrable 
Securities proposed to be sold and the intended method(s) of distribution 
thereof. The Company will notify all holders of Registrable Securities of 
the demand, and each holder of Registrable Securities who wishes to include 
all or a portion of such holder’s Registrable Securities in the Demand 
Registration (each such holder including shares of Registrable Securities 
in such registration, a “Demanding Holder”) shall so notify the Company 
within fifteen (15) days after the receipt by the holder of the notice from 
the Company. Upon any such request, the Demanding Holders shall be entitled 
to have their Registrable Securities included in the Demand Registration, 
subject to Section 2.1.4 and the provisos set forth in Section 3.1.1. The 
Company shall not be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of two (2) 
Demand Registrations under this Section 2.1.1 in respect of all Registrable 
Securities.
 

3

 

 
2.1.2   Effective Registration. A registration will not count as a Demand 
Registration until the Registration Statement filed with the Commission 
with respect to such Demand Registration has been declared effective and 
the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement 
with respect thereto; provided, however, that if, after such Registration 
Statement has been declared effective, the offering of Registrable 
Securities pursuant to a Demand Registration is interfered with by any stop 
order or injunction of the Commission or any other governmental agency or 
court, the Registration Statement with respect to such Demand Registration 
will be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) 
such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise 
terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders 
thereafter elect to continue the offering; provided, further, that the 
Company shall not be obligated to file a second Registration Statement 
until a Registration Statement that has been filed is counted as a Demand 
Registration or is terminated.
 
2.1.3   Underwritten Offering. If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding 
Holders so elect and such holders so advise the Company as part of their 
written demand for a Demand Registration, the offering of such Registrable 
Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an 
underwritten offering. In such event, the right of any holder to include 
its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon 
such holder’s participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such 
holder’s Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided 
herein. All Demanding Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable 
Securities through such underwriting shall enter into an underwriting 
agreement in customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters selected 
for such underwriting by a majority-in-interest of the holders initiating 
the Demand Registration.
 
2.1.4   Reduction of Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters 
for a Demand Registration that is to be an underwritten offering advises 
the Company and the Demanding Holders in writing that the dollar amount or 
number of shares of Registrable Securities which the Demanding Holders 
desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other 
securities which the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if 
any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to written 
contractual piggy-back registration rights held by other shareholders of 
the Company who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or 
maximum number of shares that can be sold in such offering without 
adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the 
distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such 
maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares, as applicable, the “
Maximum Number of Shares”), then the Company shall include in such 
registration: (i) first, the Registrable Securities as to which Demand 
Registration has been requested by the Demanding Holders (pro rata in 
accordance with the number of shares that each such Person has requested be 
included in such registration, regardless of the number of shares held by 
each such Person (such proportion is referred to herein as "Pro Rata")) 
that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (ii) 
second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been 
reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other 
securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without 
exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (iii) third, to the extent that the 
Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses 
(i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other securities registrable pursuant 
to the terms of the Unit Purchase Option issued to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
or its designees in connection with the Company’s initial public offering 
(the “Unit Purchase Option” and such registrable securities, the “Option 
Securities”) as to which “piggy-back” registration has been requested by 
the holders thereof, Pro Rata, that can be sold without exceeding the 
Maximum Number of Shares; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum 
Number of Shares have not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), 
(ii), and (iii), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of 
other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written 
contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without 
exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.
 

4

 

 
2.1.5   Withdrawal. If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders 
disapprove of the terms of any underwriting or are not entitled to include 
all of their Registrable Securities in any offering, such 
majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders may elect to withdraw from 
such offering by giving written notice to the Company and the Underwriter 
or Underwriters of their request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of 
the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such 
Demand Registration. If the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders 
withdraws from a proposed offering relating to a Demand Registration, then 
such registration shall not count as a Demand Registration provided for in 
Section 2.1.
 
2.2         Piggy-Back Registration.
 
2.2.1           Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date the 
Company consummates a Business Combination the Company proposes to file a 
Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering 
of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or 
exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company 
for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account 
(or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company including, without 
limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1), other than a Registration Statement 
(i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit 
plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the 
Company’s existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is 
convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend 
reinvestment plan, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such 
proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities as soon as 
practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated 
filing date, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities 
to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, 
and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, 
of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in 
such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of shares 
of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within 
five (5) days following receipt of such notice (a “Piggy-Back Registration
”). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in 
such registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing 
Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit 
the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back 
Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of 
the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable 
Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution 
thereof. All holders of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute 
their securities through a Piggy-Back Registration that involves an 
Underwriter or Underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in 
customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters selected for such 
Piggy-Back Registration.
 

5

 

 
2.2.2   Reduction of Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters 
for a Piggy-Back Registration that is to be an underwritten offering 
advises the Company and the holders of Registrable Securities in writing 
that the dollar amount or number of Ordinary Shares which the Company 
desires to sell, taken together with Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which 
registration has been demanded pursuant to written contractual arrangements 
with persons other than the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, 
the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested 
under this Section 2.2, and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which 
registration has been requested pursuant to the written contractual 
piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, 
exceeds the Maximum Number of Shares, then the Company shall include in any 
such registration:
             
            a)        If the registration is undertaken for the Company’s
            account: (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other securities
            that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without
            exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second, to the
            extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached
            under the foregoing clause (A), the Ordinary Shares or other
            securities, if any, comprised of Registrable Securities and
            Option Securities, as to which registration has been requested
            pursuant to the applicable written contractual piggy-back
            registration rights of such security holders, Pro Rata, that
            can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and
            (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of shares has
            not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the
            Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other
            persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to
            written contractual piggy-back registration rights with such
            persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
            Number of Shares;
             
            b)        If the registration is a “demand” registration
            undertaken at the demand of holders of Option Securities, (A)
            first, the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account
            of the demanding persons, Pro Rata, that can be sold without
            exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second, to the
            extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached
            under the foregoing clause (A), the Ordinary Shares or other
            securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold
            without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (C) third, to
            the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been
            reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of
            Registrable Securities, Pro Rata, as to which registration has
            been requested pursuant to the terms hereof, that can be sold
            without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (D) fourth,
            to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been
            reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the
            Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other
            persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to
            written contractual arrangements with such persons, that can be
            sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and
             

6

 

             
            c)        If the registration is a “demand” registration
            undertaken at the demand of persons other than either the
            holders of Registrable Securities or of Option Securities, (A)
            first, the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account
            of the demanding persons that can be sold without exceeding the
            Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second, to the extent that the
            Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the
            foregoing clause (A), the Ordinary Shares or other securities
            that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without
            exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (C) third, to the
            extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached
            under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), collectively the
            Ordinary Shares or other securities comprised of Registrable
            Securities and Option Securities, Pro Rata, as to which
            registration has been requested pursuant to the terms hereof
            and of the Unit Purchase Option, as applicable, that can be
            sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (D)
            fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not
            been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the
            Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other
            persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to
            written contractual arrangements with such persons, that can be
            sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.
             
2.2.3   Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to 
withdraw such holder’s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in 
any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such 
request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration 
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result 
of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual 
obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the 
effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding any such 
withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of 
Registrable Securities in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as 
provided in Section 3.3.
 
2.2.4   Registrations on Form S-3. The holders of Registrable Securities 
may at any time and from time to time, request in writing that the Company 
register the resale of any or all of such Registrable Securities on Form 
S-3 or any similar short-form registration which may be available at such 
time (“Form S-3”); provided, however, that the Company shall not be 
obligated to effect such request through an underwritten offering. Upon 
receipt of such written request, the Company will promptly give written 
notice of the proposed registration to all other holders of Registrable 
Securities, and, as soon as practicable thereafter, effect the registration 
of all or such portion of such holder’s or holders’ Registrable Securities 
as are specified in such request, together with all or such portion of the 
Registrable Securities or other securities of the Company, if any, of any 
other holder or holders joining in such request as are specified in a 
written request given within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such 
written notice from the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall 
not be obligated to effect any such registration pursuant to this Section 
2.3: (i) if Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) if the 
holders of the Registrable Securities, together with the holders of any 
other securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such registration, 
propose to sell Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) 
at any aggregate price to the public of less than $500,000. Registrations 
effected pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall not be counted as Demand 
Registrations effected pursuant to Section 2.1.
 

7

 

 
3.          REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.
 
3.1        Filings; Information. Whenever the Company is required to effect 
the registration of any Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2, the 
Company shall use its best efforts to effect the registration and sale of 
such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of 
distribution thereof as expeditiously as practicable, and in connection 
with any such request:
 
3.1.1   Filing Registration Statement. The Company shall use its best 
efforts to, as expeditiously as possible after receipt of a request for a 
Demand Registration pursuant to Section 2.1, prepare and file with the 
Commission a Registration Statement on any form for which the Company then 
qualifies or which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate and which 
form shall be available for the sale of all Registrable Securities to be 
registered thereunder in accordance with the intended method(s) of 
distribution thereof, and shall use its best efforts to cause such 
Registration Statement to become effective and use its best efforts to keep 
it effective for the period required by Section 3.1.3; provided, however, 
that the Company shall have the right to defer any Demand Registration for 
up to thirty (30) days, and any Piggy-Back Registration for such period as 
may be applicable to deferment of any demand registration to which such 
Piggy-Back Registration relates, in each case if the Company shall furnish 
to the holders a certificate signed by the President or Chairman of the 
Company stating that, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors 
of the Company, it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its 
shareholders for such Registration Statement to be effected at such time; 
provided further, however, that the Company shall not have the right to 
exercise the right set forth in the immediately preceding proviso more than 
once in any 365-day period in respect of a Demand Registration hereunder.
 
3.1.2   Copies. The Company shall, prior to filing a Registration Statement 
or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without 
charge to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such 
registration, and such holders’ legal counsel, copies of such Registration 
Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such 
Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and 
documents incorporated by reference therein), the prospectus included in 
such Registration Statement (including each preliminary prospectus), and 
such other documents as the holders of Registrable Securities included in 
such registration or legal counsel for any such holders may request in 
order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by 
such holders.
 

8

 

 
3.1.3   Amendments and Supplements. The Company shall prepare and file with 
the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and 
supplements to such Registration Statement and the prospectus used in 
connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such Registration 
Statement effective and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities 
Act until all Registrable Securities and other securities covered by such 
Registration Statement have been disposed of in accordance with the 
intended method(s) of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement 
or such securities have been withdrawn or until such time as the 
Registrable Securities cease to be Registrable Securities as defined by the 
Agreement.
 
3.1.4   Notification. After the filing of a Registration Statement, the 
Company shall promptly, and in no event more than two (2) business days 
after such filing, notify the holders of Registrable Securities included in 
such Registration Statement of such filing, and shall further notify such 
holders promptly and confirm such advice in writing in all events within 
two (2) business days of the occurrence of any of the following: (i) when 
such Registration Statement becomes effective; (ii) when any post-effective 
amendment to such Registration Statement becomes effective; (iii) the 
issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order (and 
the Company shall take all actions required to prevent the entry of such 
stop order or to remove it if entered); and (iv) any request by the 
Commission for any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement 
or any prospectus relating thereto or for additional information or of the 
occurrence of an event requiring the preparation of a supplement or 
amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to the 
purchasers of the securities covered by such Registration Statement, such 
prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit 
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to 
make the statements therein not misleading, and promptly make available to 
the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration 
Statement any such supplement or amendment; except that before filing with 
the Commission a Registration Statement or prospectus or any amendment or 
supplement thereto, including documents incorporated by reference, the 
Company shall furnish to the holders of Registrable Securities included in 
such Registration Statement and to the legal counsel for any such holders, 
copies of all such documents proposed to be filed sufficiently in advance 
of filing to provide such holders and legal counsel with a reasonable 
opportunity to review such documents and comment thereon, and the Company 
shall not file any Registration Statement or prospectus or amendment or 
supplement thereto, including documents incorporated by reference, to which 
such holders or their legal counsel shall object.
 
3.1.5   State Securities Laws Compliance. The Company shall use its best 
efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by 
the Registration Statement under such securities or “blue sky” laws of such 
jurisdictions in the United States as the holders of Registrable Securities 
included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of 
distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such 
Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be 
registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may 
be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do 
any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to 
enable the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration 
Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in 
such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be 
required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it 
would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph or 
subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction.
 

9

 

 
3.1.6   Agreements for Disposition. The Company shall enter into customary 
agreements (including, if applicable, an underwriting agreement in 
customary form) and take such other actions as are reasonably required in 
order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable 
Securities. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Company in 
any underwriting agreement which are made to or for the benefit of any 
Underwriters, to the extent applicable, shall also be made to and for the 
benefit of the holders of Registrable Securities included in such 
registration statement. No holder of Registrable Securities included in 
such registration statement shall be required to make any representations 
or warranties in the underwriting agreement except, if applicable, with 
respect to such holder’s organization, good standing, authority, title to 
Registrable Securities, lack of conflict of such sale with such holder’s 
material agreements and organizational documents, and with respect to 
written information relating to such holder that such holder has furnished 
in writing expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement.
 
3.1.7   Cooperation. The principal executive officer of the Company, the 
principal financial officer of the Company, the principal accounting 
officer of the Company and all other officers and members of the management 
of the Company shall cooperate fully in any offering of Registrable 
Securities hereunder, which cooperation shall include, without limitation, 
the preparation of the Registration Statement with respect to such offering 
and all other offering materials and related documents, and participation 
in meetings with Underwriters, attorneys, accountants and potential 
investors.
 
3.1.8   Records. The Company shall make available for inspection by the 
holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, 
any Underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to such 
registration statement and any attorney, accountant or other professional 
retained by any holder of Registrable Securities included in such 
Registration Statement or any Underwriter, all financial and other records, 
pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company, as shall be 
necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, 
and cause the Company’s officers, directors and employees to supply all 
information requested by any of them in connection with such Registration 
Statement.
 
3.1.9   Opinions and Comfort Letters. The Company shall furnish to each 
holder of Registrable Securities included in any Registration Statement a 
signed counterpart, addressed to such holder, of (i) any opinion of counsel 
to the Company delivered to any Underwriter and (ii) any comfort letter 
from the Company’s independent public accountants delivered to any 
Underwriter. In the event no legal opinion is delivered to any Underwriter, 
the Company shall furnish to each holder of Registrable Securities included 
in such Registration Statement, at any time that such holder elects to use 
a prospectus, an opinion of counsel to the Company to the effect that the 
Registration Statement containing such prospectus has been declared 
effective and that no stop order is in effect.
 
3.1.10 Earnings Statement. The Company shall comply with all applicable 
rules and regulations of the Commission and the Securities Act, and make 
available to its shareholders, as soon as practicable, an earnings 
statement covering a period of twelve (12) months, which earnings statement 
shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and 
Rule 158 thereunder.
 

10

 

 
3.1.11 Listing. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause all 
Registrable Securities included in any registration to be listed on such 
exchanges or otherwise designated for trading in the same manner as similar 
securities issued by the Company are then listed or designated or, if no 
such similar securities are then listed or designated, in a manner 
satisfactory to the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities 
included in such registration.
 
3.1.12 Road Show. If the registration involves the registration of 
Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, 
the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to make available senior 
executives of the Company to participate in customary “road show” 
presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any 
underwritten offering.
 
3.2       Obligation to Suspend Distribution. Upon receipt of any notice 
from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in 
Section 3.1.4(iv), or, in the case of a resale registration on Form S-3 
pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof, upon any suspension by the Company, 
pursuant to a written insider trading compliance program adopted by the 
Company’s Board of Directors, of the ability of all “insiders” covered by 
such program to transact in the Company’s securities because of the 
existence of material non-public information, each holder of Registrable 
Securities included in any registration shall immediately discontinue 
disposition of such Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration 
Statement covering such Registrable Securities until such holder receives 
the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3.1.4(iv) or 
the restriction on the ability of “insiders” to transact in the Company’s 
securities is removed, as applicable, and, if so directed by the Company, 
each such holder will deliver to the Company all copies, other than 
permanent file copies then in such holder’s possession, of the most recent 
prospectus covering such Registrable Securities at the time of receipt of 
such notice.
 
3.3       Registration Expenses. The Company shall bear all costs and 
expenses incurred in connection with any Demand Registration pursuant to 
Section 2.1, any Piggy-Back Registration pursuant to Section 2.2, and any 
registration on Form S-3 effected pursuant to Section 2.3, and all expenses 
incurred in performing or complying with its other obligations under this 
Agreement, whether or not the Registration Statement becomes effective, 
including, without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees; (ii) 
fees and expenses of compliance with securities or “blue sky” laws 
(including fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with blue sky 
qualifications of the Registrable Securities); (iii) printing expenses; 
(iv) the Company’s internal expenses (including, without limitation, all 
salaries and expenses of its officers and employees); (v) the fees and 
expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable 
Securities as required by Section 3.1.11; (vi) Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority fees; (vii) fees and disbursements of counsel for the 
Company and fees and expenses for independent certified public accountants 
retained by the Company (including the expenses or costs associated with 
the delivery of any opinions or comfort letters requested pursuant to 
Section 3.1.9); (viii) the fees and expenses of any special experts 
retained by the Company in connection with such registration and (ix) the 
fees and expenses of one legal counsel selected by the holders of a 
majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities included in such 
registration. The Company shall have no obligation to pay any underwriting 
discounts or selling commissions attributable to the Registrable Securities 
being sold by the holders thereof, which underwriting discounts or selling 
commissions shall be borne by such holders. Additionally, in an 
underwritten offering, all selling shareholders and the Company shall bear 
the expenses of the Underwriter pro rata in proportion to the respective 
amount of shares each is selling in such offering.
 

11

 

 
3.4        Information. The holders of Registrable Securities shall provide 
such information as may reasonably be requested by the Company, or the 
managing Underwriter, if any, in connection with the preparation of any 
Registration Statement, including amendments and supplements thereto, in 
order to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities under the 
Securities Act pursuant to Section 2 and in connection with the Company’s 
obligation to comply with Federal and applicable state securities laws.
 
4.          INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION.
 
4.1        Indemnification by the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Investor and each other holder of Registrable 
Securities, and each of their respective officers, employees, affiliates, 
directors, partners, members, attorneys and agents, and each person, if 
any, who controls an Investor and each other holder of Registrable 
Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or 
Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each, an “Investor Indemnified Party”), 
from and against any expenses, losses, judgments, claims, damages or 
liabilities, whether joint or several, arising out of or based upon any 
untrue statement (or allegedly untrue statement) of a material fact 
contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such 
Registrable Securities was registered under the Securities Act, any 
preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained in 
the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement to such 
Registration Statement, or arising out of or based upon any omission (or 
alleged omission) to state a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or any violation 
by the Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated 
thereunder applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction 
required of the Company in connection with any such registration; and the 
Company shall promptly reimburse the Investor Indemnified Party for any 
legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred by such Investor 
Indemnified Party in connection with investigating and defending any such 
expense, loss, judgment, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, 
however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent 
that any such expense, loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is 
based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement or omission 
or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement, preliminary 
prospectus, final prospectus, or summary prospectus, or any such amendment 
or supplement, in reliance upon and in conformity with information 
furnished to the Company, in writing, by such selling holder expressly for 
use therein. The Company also shall indemnify any Underwriter of the 
Registrable Securities, their officers, affiliates, directors, partners, 
members and agents and each person who controls such Underwriter on 
substantially the same basis as that of the indemnification provided above 
in this Section 4.1.
 

12

 

 
4.2       Indemnification by Holders of Registrable Securities. Each 
selling holder of Registrable Securities will, in the event that any 
registration is being effected under the Securities Act pursuant to this 
Agreement of any Registrable Securities held by such selling holder, 
indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors and officers 
and each Underwriter (if any), and each other selling holder and each other 
person, if any, who controls another selling holder or such Underwriter 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, against any losses, claims, 
judgments, damages or liabilities, whether joint or several, insofar as 
such losses, claims, judgments, damages or liabilities (or actions in 
respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or 
allegedly untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration 
Statement under which the sale of such Registrable Securities was 
registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus, final 
prospectus or summary prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, 
or any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, or arise out 
of or are based upon any omission or the alleged omission to state a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statement therein not misleading, if the statement or omission was made in 
reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to 
the Company by such selling holder expressly for use therein, and shall 
reimburse the Company, its directors and officers, and each other selling 
holder or controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably 
incurred by any of them in connection with investigation or defending any 
such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. Each selling holder’s 
indemnification obligations hereunder shall be several and not joint and 
shall be limited to the amount of any net proceeds actually received by 
such selling holder.
 
4.3       Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. Promptly after receipt by 
any person of any notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability or any 
action in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 4.1 
or 4.2, such person (the “Indemnified Party”) shall, if a claim in respect 
thereof is to be made against any other person for indemnification 
hereunder, notify such other person (the “Indemnifying Party”) in writing 
of the loss, claim, judgment, damage, liability or action; provided, 
however, that the failure by the Indemnified Party to notify the 
Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any 
liability which the Indemnifying Party may have to such Indemnified Party 
hereunder, except and solely to the extent the Indemnifying Party is 
actually prejudiced by such failure. If the Indemnified Party is seeking 
indemnification with respect to any claim or action brought against the 
Indemnified Party, then the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to 
participate in such claim or action, and, to the extent that it wishes, 
jointly with all other Indemnifying Parties, to assume control of the 
defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. After 
notice from the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified Party of its election 
to assume control of the defense of such claim or action, the Indemnifying 
Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for any legal or other 
expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with 
the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided, 
however, that in any action in which both the Indemnified Party and the 
Indemnifying Party are named as defendants, the Indemnified Party shall 
have the right to employ separate counsel (but no more than one such 
separate counsel) to represent the Indemnified Party and its controlling 
persons who may be subject to liability arising out of any claim in respect 
of which indemnity may be sought by the Indemnified Party against the 
Indemnifying Party, with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid 
by such Indemnifying Party if, based upon the written opinion of counsel of 
such Indemnified Party, representation of both parties by the same counsel 
would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests 
between them. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written 
consent of the Indemnified Party, consent to entry of judgment or effect 
any settlement of any claim or pending or threatened proceeding in respect 
of which the Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity 
could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such 
judgment or settlement includes an unconditional release of such 
Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such claim or 
proceeding.
 

13

 

 
4.4         Contribution.
 
4.4.1           If the indemnification provided for in the foregoing 
Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 is unavailable to any Indemnified Party in 
respect of any loss, claim, damage, liability or action referred to herein, 
then each such Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified 
Party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified 
Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage, liability or action in such 
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the 
Indemnified Parties and the Indemnifying Parties in connection with the 
actions or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability 
or action, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The 
relative fault of any Indemnified Party and any Indemnifying Party shall be 
determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or 
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged 
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by such 
Indemnified Party or such Indemnifying Party and the parties’ relative 
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or 
prevent such statement or omission.
 
4.4.2           The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and 
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4.4 were determined by 
pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not 
take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately 
preceding Section 4.4.1.
 
4.4.3           The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Party as a 
result of any loss, claim, damage, liability or action referred to in the 
immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include, subject to the 
limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses incurred by such 
Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending any such 
action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.4, no 
holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute any amount 
in excess of the dollar amount of the net proceeds (after payment of any 
underwriting fees, discounts, commissions or taxes) actually received by 
such holder from the sale of Registrable Securities which gave rise to such 
contribution obligation. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation 
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be 
entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such 
fraudulent misrepresentation.
 
5.          UNDERWRITING AND DISTRIBUTION.
 
5.1        Rule 144. The Company covenants that it shall file any reports 
required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act 
and shall take such further action as the holders of Registrable Securities 
may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to 
enable such holders to sell Registrable Securities without registration 
under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided 
by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as such Rules may be amended from 
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the 
Commission.
 
6.          MISCELLANEOUS.
 
6.1        Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants 
that no person, other than the holders of the Registrable Securities and 
Option Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any of 
the Company’s share capital for sale or to include the Company’s share 
capital in any registration filed by the Company for the sale of share 
capital for its own account or for the account of any other person.
 

14

 

 
6.2         Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and 
the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be 
assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part. This Agreement 
and the rights, duties and obligations of the holders of Registrable 
Securities hereunder may be freely assigned or delegated by such holder of 
Registrable Securities in conjunction with and to the extent of any 
transfer of Registrable Securities by any such holder. This Agreement and 
the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit 
of each of the parties, to the permitted assigns of the Investors or holder 
of Registrable Securities or of any assignee of the Investors or holder of 
Registrable Securities. This Agreement is not intended to confer any rights 
or benefits on any persons that are not party hereto other than as 
expressly set forth in Article 4 and this Section 6.2.
 
6.3         Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals or 
other communications (collectively, “Notices”) required or permitted to be 
given hereunder or which are given with respect to this Agreement shall be 
in writing and shall be personally served, delivered by reputable air 
courier service with charges prepaid, or transmitted by hand delivery, 
telegram, telex or facsimile, addressed as set forth below, or to such 
other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written 
notice. Notice shall be deemed given on the date of service or transmission 
if personally served or transmitted by telegram, telex or facsimile; 
provided, that if such service or transmission is not on a business day or 
is after normal business hours, then such notice shall be deemed given on 
the next business day. Notice otherwise sent as provided herein shall be 
deemed given on the next business day following timely delivery of such 
notice to a reputable air courier service with an order for next-day 
delivery.
 
    To the Company:
 
CB Pharma Acquisition Corp.
24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
Attn: Chief Executive Officer
     
    with a copy to:
     
    Graubard Miller
    The Chrysler Building
    405 Lexington Avenue
    New York NY 10174
    Attn:   David Alan Miller, Esq.
     
    To an Investor, to the address set forth below such Investor’s name on
    Exhibit A hereto.
     
6.4         Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the 
invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other 
term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or 
unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall 
be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to 
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible that is valid 
and enforceable.
 

15

 

 
6.5         Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which 
taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
6.6         Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including all agreements 
entered into pursuant hereto and all certificates and instruments delivered 
pursuant hereto and thereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and 
contemporaneous agreements, representations, understandings, negotiations 
and discussions between the parties, whether oral or written.
 
6.7         Modifications and Amendments. No amendment, modification or 
termination of this Agreement shall be binding upon any party unless 
executed in writing by such party.
 
6.8         Titles and Headings. Titles and headings of sections of this 
Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of 
any provision of this Agreement.
 
6.9         Waivers and Extensions. Any party to this Agreement may waive 
any right, breach or default which such party has the right to waive, 
provided that such waiver will not be effective against the waiving party 
unless it is in writing, is signed by such party, and specifically refers 
to this Agreement. Waivers may be made in advance or after the right waived 
has arisen or the breach or default waived has occurred. Any waiver may be 
conditional. No waiver of any breach of any agreement or provision herein 
contained shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach 
thereof nor of any other agreement or provision herein contained. No waiver 
or extension of time for performance of any obligations or acts shall be 
deemed a waiver or extension of the time for performance of any other 
obligations or acts.
 
6.10       Remedies Cumulative. In the event that the Company fails to 
observe or perform any covenant or agreement to be observed or performed 
under this Agreement, the Investor or any other holder of Registrable 
Securities may proceed to protect and enforce its rights by suit in equity 
or action at law, whether for specific performance of any term contained in 
this Agreement or for an injunction against the breach of any such term or 
in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Agreement or to enforce 
any other legal or equitable right, or to take any one or more of such 
actions, without being required to post a bond. None of the rights, powers 
or remedies conferred under this Agreement shall be mutually exclusive, and 
each such right, power or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any 
other right, power or remedy, whether conferred by this Agreement or now or 
hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.
 

16

 

 
6.11       Governing Law. In connection with Section 5-1401 of the General 
Obligations Law of the State of New York, this Agreement shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York 
without regard to principles of conflicts of law that would result in the 
application of the substantive law of another jurisdiction. The parties 
hereto agree that any action, proceeding or claim arising out of or 
relating in any way to this Agreement shall be resolved through final and 
biding arbitration in accordance with the International Arbitration Rules 
of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitration shall be 
brought before the AAA International Center for Dispute Resolution’s 
offices in New York City, New York, will be conducted in English and will 
be decided by a panel of three arbitrators selected from the AAA Commercial 
Disputes Panel and that the arbitrator panel’s decision shall be final and 
enforceable by any court having jurisdiction over the party from whom 
enforcement is sought. The cost of such arbitrators and arbitration 
services, together with the prevailing party’s legal fees and expenses, 
shall be borne by the non-prevailing party or as otherwise directed by the 
arbitrators. The Company hereby appoints, without power of revocation, 
Graubard Miller 405 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10174 Fax No.: 
(212) 818-8881 Attn: David Alan Miller, Esq., as their respective agent to 
accept and acknowledge on its behalf service of any and all process which 
may be served in any arbitration, action, proceeding or counterclaim in any 
way relating to or arising out of this Agreement. The Company further 
agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such 
designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a 
period of seven years from the date of this Agreement. This Agreement may 
be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of 
which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one 
instrument.
 
6.12       Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally waives the right to a trial by jury in any action, suit, 
counterclaim or other proceeding (whether based on contract, tort or 
otherwise) arising out of, connected with or relating to this Agreement, 
the transactions contemplated hereby, or the actions of the Investor in the 
negotiation, administration, performance or enforcement hereof.
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 

17

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights 
Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized 
representatives as of the date first written above.
 
  	  	COMPANY:
  	  	 
  	  	CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
  	  	 
  	  	INVESTORS:
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	Adam J. Chill
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	Arthur A. Kornbluth
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	Neil Herskowitz
  	  	 
  	  	Coronado Biosciences, Inc.
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	By:
  	  	Title:
  	  	 
  	  	EARLYBIRDCAPITAL, INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
 
[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
 

18

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
Name 	  	Address
Adam J. Chill 	  	24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
Attn:  Chief Executive Officer
  	  	 
Arthur A. Kornbluth 	  	24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
Attn:  Chief Executive Officer
  	  	 
Neil Herskowitz 	  	24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
Attn:  Chief Executive Officer
  	  	 
Coronado Biosciences, Inc. 	  	24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
Attn:  Chief Executive Officer
  	  	 
EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 	  	275 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor
New York, New York 10016
Attn:  David M. Nussbaum, Chairman
 

 