 EX-10.1 3 d820229dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Copy

SUPPORT AGREEMENT

BY AND AMONG

OILTANKING PARTNERS, L.P.

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.

AND

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC

DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 11, 2014

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUPPORT AGREEMENT

SUPPORT AGREEMENT, dated as of November 11, 2014 (this Agreement), by and 
among OILTANKING PARTNERS, L.P. (Oiltanking), a Delaware limited 
partnership, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership (the Partnership), and ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC, a 
Texas limited liability company (the Unitholder and, together with the 
Partnership, the Partnership Parties and each a Partnership Party).


W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the 
Partnership, Enterprise Products Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company and the general partner of the Partnership (the General Partner
), EPOT MergerCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Partnership (MergerCo), Oiltanking and OTLP GP, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of 
Oiltanking (Oiltanking GP), are entering into an Agreement and Plan of 
Merger, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, supplemented, restated or 
otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement), pursuant to 
which, among other things, MergerCo will merge with and into Oiltanking 
(the Merger), with Oiltanking as the surviving entity, and each 
outstanding common unit representing limited partner interests of 
Oiltanking (collectively, the Units and, individually, a Unit) other 
than Units held by the Unitholder will be converted into the right to 
receive the merger consideration specified therein; and

WHEREAS, the Unitholder is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Partnership and, as of the date hereof, is the record or direct owner in 
the aggregate of, and has the right to vote and dispose of, 15,899,802 
Units and 38,899,802 subordinated units representing limited partner 
interests of Oiltanking (the Subordinated Units, and collectively with 
the Units, the Existing Units); and

WHEREAS, in connection with the Merger, Oiltanking has requested that each 
of the Partnership Parties enter into this Agreement and abide by the 
covenants and obligations with respect to the Covered Units (as hereinafter 
defined), set forth herein; and

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual 
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and 
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1

GENERAL

1.1 Defined Terms. The following capitalized terms, as used in this 
Agreement, shall have the meanings set forth below. Capitalized terms used 
but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto 
in the Merger Agreement.

Business Day has the meaning set forth in the Merger Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Covered Units means the Unitholders Existing Units together with any 
Units that the Unitholder, the Partnership or any of their Subsidiaries 
acquires of record on or after the date hereof (including as a result of 
the conversion of Subordinated Units into Units).

OILT Change in Recommendation has the meaning set forth in the Merger 
Agreement.

OTLP GP Conflicts Committee has the meaning set forth in the Merger 
Agreement.

Effective Time has the meaning set forth in the Merger Agreement.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations thereunder.

Lien means any mortgage, lien, charge, restriction (including 
restrictions on transfer), pledge, security interest, option, right of 
first offer or refusal, preemptive right, put or call option, lease or 
sublease, claim, right of any third party, covenant, right of way, 
easement, encroachment or encumbrance.

Order or Orders has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(c) of this 
Agreement.

Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, 
limited or general partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or 
political subdivision thereof or any other entity, or any group comprised 
of two or more of the foregoing.

Proxy Statement/Prospectus has the meaning set forth in the Merger 
Agreement.

Representative or Representatives has the meaning set forth in the 
Merger Agreement.

Subsidiary or Subsidiaries has the meaning set forth in the Merger 
Agreement.

Transfer means, directly or indirectly, to sell, transfer, assign or 
similarly dispose of (by merger (including by conversion into securities or 
other consideration), by tendering into any tender or exchange offer, by 
testamentary disposition, by operation of law or otherwise), either 
voluntarily or involuntarily, or to enter into any contract, option or 
other arrangement or understanding with respect to the voting of or sale, 
transfer, assignment or similar disposition of (by merger (including by 
conversion into securities or other consideration), by tendering into any 
tender or exchange offer, by testamentary disposition, by operation of law 
or otherwise); provided that, for purposes of clarification, a Transfer 
shall not include any existing or future pledges or security interests 
issued by either of the Partnership Parties in connection with a bona fide 
loan.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 2

VOTING

2.1 Agreement to Vote Covered Units and Member Interests.

(a) Each of the Partnership Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
agrees, in its capacity as a unitholder of Oiltanking, that prior to the 
Termination Date (as defined herein), at any meeting of the unitholders of 
Oiltanking, however called, including any adjournment or postponement 
thereof, or in connection with any written consent of the unitholders of 
Oiltanking, it shall, to the fullest extent that the Covered Units are 
entitled to vote thereon or consent thereto:

(i) appear at each such meeting or otherwise cause its Covered Units to be 
counted as present thereat for purposes of establishing a quorum; and

(ii) vote (or cause to be voted), in person or by proxy, or deliver (or 
cause to be delivered) a written consent covering, all of the Covered Units 
(A) in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement, any transactions 
contemplated by the Merger Agreement and any other matter necessary for the 
consummation of such transactions submitted for the vote or written consent 
of the unitholders of Oiltanking; (B) against any action or agreement that 
would result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any 
other obligation or agreement of Oiltanking or Oiltanking GP or any of 
their Subsidiaries contained in the Merger Agreement; and (C) against any 
action, agreement or transaction that would impede, interfere with, delay, 
postpone or adversely affect the Merger or the other transactions 
contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

(b) Except as otherwise set forth in or contemplated by this Agreement, 
each Partnership Party may vote the Covered Units in its discretion on all 
matters submitted for the vote of unitholders of Oiltanking or in 
connection with any written consent of Oiltankings unitholders in a manner 
that is not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.

2.2 No Inconsistent Agreements. Each of the Partnership Parties hereby 
represents, covenants and agrees that, except for this Agreement, it (a) 
has not entered into, and shall not enter into at any time while this 
Agreement remains in effect, any voting agreement or voting trust with 
respect to its Covered Units, (b) has not granted, and shall not grant at 
any time while this Agreement remains in effect, a proxy, consent or power 
of attorney with respect to its Covered Units and (c) has not taken and 
shall not knowingly take any action that would make any representation or 
warranty of such Partnership Party contained herein untrue or incorrect or 
have the effect of preventing or disabling such Partnership Party from 
performing any of its obligations under this Agreement.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Partnership Parties. Each of the 
Partnership Parties (except to the extent otherwise provided herein) hereby 
severally but not jointly represents and warrants to Oiltanking as follows:

(a) Organization; Authorization; Validity of Agreement; Necessary Action. 
Each of the Partnership Parties has the requisite power and authority 
and/or capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to carry out its 
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated 
hereby. The execution and delivery by such Partnership Party of this 
Agreement, the performance by it of the obligations hereunder and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and 
validly authorized by such Partnership Party and no other actions or 
proceedings on the part of such Partnership Party to authorize the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance by it of the 
obligations hereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereby are required. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by 
each of the Partnership Parties and, assuming the due authorization, 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Oiltanking, constitutes a 
legal, valid and binding agreement of each of the Partnership Parties, 
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, 
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar 
laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights 
and to general equitable principles.

(b) Ownership. The Unitholder is the owner of record of the Unitholders 
Existing Units, and all of the Covered Units owned by either of the 
Partnership Parties or their Subsidiaries from the date hereof through and 
on the Closing Date will be owned of record by the Unitholder. The 
Unitholders Existing Units are all of the Units owned of record or 
beneficially owned by the Unitholder as of the date hereof. The Unitholder 
has and will have at all times through the Closing Date sole voting power 
(including the right to control such vote as contemplated herein), sole 
power of disposition, sole power to issue instructions with respect to the 
matters set forth in Article 2 hereof, and sole power to agree to all of 
the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case with respect to all 
of the Unitholders Existing Units and with respect to all of the Covered 
Units owned by the Unitholder at all times through the Closing Date. The 
Partnership Parties or any of their Subsidiaries who acquire any Covered 
Units will have sole voting power (including the right to control such vote 
as contemplated herein), sole power of disposition, sole power to issue 
instructions with respect to the matters set forth in Article 2 hereof, and 
sole voting power to agree to all of the matters set forth in this 
Agreement, with respect to all of the Covered Units owned by such entity at 
all times through the Closing Date.

(c) No Violation. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
either of the Partnership Parties nor the performance by it of its 
obligations under this Agreement will (i) result in a violation or breach 
of or conflict with any provisions of, or constitute a default (or an event 
which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) 
under, or result in the termination, cancellation of, or give rise to a 
right of purchase under, or accelerate the performance required by, or 
result in a right of termination or acceleration under, or result in the 
creation of any Lien upon any of the properties, rights or assets, 
including the Existing Units, owned by such Partnership Party, or result in 
being declared void, voidable, or without further binding effect, or 
otherwise result in a detriment to it under any of the terms, conditions or 
provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, 
contract, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation of any kind to 
which such Partnership Party is a party or by which it or any of its 
respective properties, rights or assets may be bound, (ii) violate any 
judgments, decrees, injunctions, rulings, awards, settlements, stipulations 
or orders (collectively, Orders) or laws applicable to such Partnership 
Party or any of its properties, rights or assets or (iii) result in a 
violation or breach of or conflict with its organizational and governing 
documents.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Consents and Approvals. No consent, approval, Order or authorization 
of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any governmental authority 
is necessary to be obtained or made by either of the Partnership Parties in 
connection with such Partnership Partys execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement or the consummation by such Partnership Party 
of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for any requirements under 
the Exchange Act in connection with this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby.

(e) Reliance by Oiltanking. Each of the Partnership Parties understands and 
acknowledges that Oiltanking is entering into the Merger Agreement in 
reliance upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the 
representations, warranties, covenants and obligations of such Partnership 
Party contained herein.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of Oiltanking. Oiltanking hereby 
represents and warrants to each of the Partnership Parties that the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Oiltanking and the consummation 
of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all 
necessary action on the part of Oiltanking GP in its capacity as general 
partner of Oiltanking.


ARTICLE 4

GRANT OF IRREVOCABLE PROXY; APPOINTMENT OF PROXY

4.1 Grant of Irrevocable Proxy; Appointment of Proxy. FROM AND AFTER THE 
DATE HEREOF UNTIL THE TERMINATION DATE, THE UNITHOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY 
AND UNCONDITIONALLY GRANTS TO, AND APPOINTS, GREGORY C. KING, AND ANY OTHER 
PROXY DESIGNEE (AS DEFINED ABOVE), EACH OF THEM INDIVIDUALLY, THE 
UNITHOLDERS PROXY AND ATTORNEY-IN-FACT (WITH FULL POWER OF SUBSTITUTION) 
TO VOTE (OR EXERCISE A WRITTEN CONSENT WITH RESPECT TO) THE COVERED UNITS 
SOLELY IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 2. THIS PROXY IS IRREVOCABLE (UNTIL THE 
TERMINATION DATE AND EXCEPT AS TO ANY PROXY DESIGNEE WHOSE DESIGNATION AS A 
PROXY DESIGNEE IS REVOKED BY THE OTLP GP CONFLICTS COMMITTEE) AND COUPLED 
WITH AN INTEREST AND THE UNITHOLDER WILL TAKE SUCH FURTHER ACTION OR 
EXECUTE SUCH OTHER INSTRUMENTS AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO EFFECTUATE THE INTENT 
OF THIS PROXY AND HEREBY REVOKES ANY OTHER PROXY PREVIOUSLY GRANTED BY THE 
UNITHOLDER WITH RESPECT TO THE COVERED UNITS (AND THE UNITHOLDER HEREBY 
REPRESENTS TO OILTANKING THAT ANY SUCH OTHER PROXY IS REVOCABLE).

4.2 Expiration of Proxy. The proxy granted in this Article 4 shall 
automatically expire upon the termination of this Agreement.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 5

OTHER COVENANTS

5.1 Prohibition on Transfers, Other Actions. Each of the Partnership 
Parties hereby agrees not to (a) Transfer any of the Covered Units, 
beneficial ownership thereof or voting power therein; (b) enter into any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding, or take any other action, that 
violates or conflicts with or would reasonably be expected to violate or 
conflict with, or result in or give rise to a violation of or conflict 
with, such Partnership Partys representations, warranties, covenants and 
obligations under this Agreement; or (c) take any action that could 
restrict or otherwise affect such Partnership Partys legal power, 
authority and right to comply with and perform its covenants and 
obligations under this Agreement; provided, the foregoing shall not include 
or prohibit Transfers resulting from pledges or security interests (or the 
foreclosure thereof) relating to existing or future bona fide loans that do 
not affect such Partnership Partys legal power, authority and right to 
comply with and perform its covenants and obligations under this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Unitholder 
may Transfer any or all of the Covered Units, in accordance with applicable 
law, to any affiliate of the General Partner; provided that prior to and as 
a condition to the effectiveness of such Transfer, each Person to whom any 
of such Covered Units or any interest in any of such Covered Units is or 
may be Transferred shall have executed and delivered to Oiltanking a 
counterpart of this Agreement pursuant to which such Person shall be bound 
by all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement as if such Person were 
the Unitholder. Any Transfer in violation of this provision shall be null 
and void.

5.2 Unit Splits and Unit Distributions. In the event of a unit split, unit 
distribution or any change in the Units by reason of any split-up, reverse 
unit split, recapitalization, combination, reclassification, exchange of 
units or the like, the terms Covered Units and Existing Units shall be 
deemed to refer to and include such Units as well as all such distributions 
and any securities of Oiltanking into which or for which any or all of such 
Units may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such 
transaction.

5.3 Unitholder Capacity. The parties hereto acknowledge that this Agreement 
is being entered into by the Unitholder solely in its capacity as a 
unitholder of Oiltanking, and nothing in this Agreement shall restrict or 
limit the ability of the Unitholder or any Partnership Party or any of 
their affiliates or any employee thereof to take any action in his, her or 
its capacity as an officer, director or owner thereof to the extent such 
action is not prohibited by the Merger Agreement.

5.4 Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and 
warranties of the Partnership Parties contained herein shall not survive 
the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Merger 
Agreement.

5.5 Further Assurances. From time to time, at Oiltankings request and 
without further consideration, each of the Partnership Parties shall 
execute and deliver such additional documents and take all such further 
action as may be reasonably necessary or advisable to effect the actions 
and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 6

MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 Termination. This Agreement shall remain in effect until the earliest 
to occur of (a) the Effective Time, (b) the termination of the Merger 
Agreement in accordance with its terms (including after any extension 
thereof), (c) the OTLP GP Conflicts Committee making an OILT Change in 
Recommendation, or (d) the written agreement of the Unitholder, the 
Partnership and the OTLP GP Conflicts Committee, on behalf of Oiltanking, 
to terminate this Agreement (such earliest date being referred to herein as 
the Termination Date). After the occurrence of such applicable event, 
this Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. 
Nothing in this Section 6.1 and no termination of this Agreement shall 
relieve or otherwise limit any party of liability for any breach of this 
Agreement occurring prior to such termination.

6.2 No Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be 
deemed to vest in Oiltanking any direct or indirect ownership or incidence 
of ownership of or with respect to any Covered Units. All rights, ownership 
and economic benefit relating to the Covered Units shall remain vested in 
and belong to the Partnership Parties, and Oiltanking shall have no 
authority to direct the Partnership Parties in the voting or disposition of 
any of the Covered Units, except as otherwise provided herein.

6.3 Publicity. The Unitholder hereby permits the Partnership and Oiltanking 
to include and disclose in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and in such other 
schedules, certificates, applications, agreements or documents as such 
entities reasonably determine to be necessary or appropriate in connection 
with the consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated by 
the Merger Agreement the Unitholders identity and ownership of the Covered 
Units and the nature of the Unitholders commitments, arrangements and 
understandings pursuant to this Agreement.

6.4 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally or by telecopy 
(upon telephonic confirmation of receipt) or on the first Business Day 
following the date of dispatch if delivered by a recognized next day 
courier service. All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth 
below or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in 
writing by the party to receive such notice:

If to the Unitholder or the Partnership, to:

Enterprise Products Operating LLC
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
1100 Louisiana, 10th Floor
Houston, Texas 77002
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
With copies to:

Andrews Kurth LLP
600 Travis, Suite 4200
Houston, Texas 77002
Attention: David C. Buck, Esq.

If to Oiltanking, to:

Oiltanking Energy Partners L.P.
333 Clay Street, Suite 2400
Houston, Texas 77002
Attention: President and Chief Executive Officer

With copies to:

Latham & Watkins LLP
811 Main Street, Suite 3700
Houston, Texas 77002
Attention: William N. Finnegan, IV, Esq.
                                                   Ryan J. Maierson, Esq.

and

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
1001 Fannin, Suite 2500
Houston, Texas 77002
Attention: Alan Beck, Esq.

6.5 Interpretation. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words 
of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement 
as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and 
Section references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this 
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without 
limitation. The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally 
applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The 
headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and 
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this 
Agreement. This Agreement is the product of negotiation by the parties 
having the assistance of counsel and other advisers. It is the intention of 
the parties that this Agreement not be construed more strictly with regard 
to one party than with regard to the others.

6.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile and in 
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement 
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of 
the parties and delivered to the other parties, it being understood that 
all parties need not sign the same counterpart.

6.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and, solely to the extent of the 
defined terms referenced herein, the Merger Agreement, together with the 
schedules annexed hereto, embody the complete agreement and understanding 
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
matter hereof and supersede and preempt any prior understandings, 
agreements or representations by or among the parties, written and oral, 
that may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way.

6.8 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance 
with, the laws of the State of Delaware (except to the extent that 
mandatory provisions of federal law govern), without regard to the conflict 
of law principles thereof.

(b) The parties hereto agree that to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or 
based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or 
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be brought in any federal court 
located in the State of Delaware or the Delaware Court of Chancery, and 
each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such 
courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such 
suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the 
laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such 
court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court 
has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action 
or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether 
within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the 
foregoing, each party agrees that to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
service of process on such party as provided in Section 6.4 shall be deemed 
effective service of process on such party.

(c) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT 
TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

6.9 Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended except by an 
instrument in writing signed by Oiltanking, the Partnership and the 
Unitholder. Each party may waive any right of such party hereunder by an 
instrument in writing signed by such party and delivered to the other 
parties hereto.

6.10 Remedies.

(a) Each party hereto acknowledges that monetary damages would not be an 
adequate remedy in the event that any covenant or agreement in this 
Agreement is not performed in accordance with its terms, and it is 
therefore agreed that, in addition to and without limiting any other remedy 
or right it may have, the non-breaching party will have the right to an 
injunction, temporary restraining order or other equitable relief in any 
court of competent jurisdiction enjoining any such breach and enforcing 
specifically the terms and provisions hereof. Each party hereto agrees not 
to oppose the granting of such relief in the event a court determines that 
such a breach has occurred, and to waive any requirement for the securing 
or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy.

(b) All rights, powers and remedies provided under this Agreement or 
otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity shall be 
cumulative and not alternative, and the exercise or beginning of the 
exercise of any thereof by any party shall not preclude the simultaneous or 
later exercise of any other such right, power or remedy by such party.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.11 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement which is 
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be 
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without 
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of 
this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the 
terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction, and if any 
provision of this Agreement is determined to be so broad as to be 
unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is 
enforceable, in all cases so long as neither the economic nor legal 
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is affected in any manner 
adverse to any party or its equityholders. Upon any such determination, the 
parties shall negotiate in good faith in an effort to agree upon a suitable 
and equitable substitute provision to effect the original intent of the 
parties as closely as possible and to the end that the transactions 
contemplated hereby shall be fulfilled to the maximum extent possible.

6.12 Action by Oiltanking. No waiver, consent or other action by or on 
behalf of Oiltanking pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement shall 
have any effect unless such waiver, consent or other action is expressly 
approved by the Board of Directors of Oiltanking GP and the OTLP GP 
Conflicts Committee.

6.13 Successors and Assigns; Third Party Beneficiaries. Neither this 
Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations of any party under this 
Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part (by operation of law or 
otherwise), by any party without the prior written consent of the other 
parties hereto. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall bind and 
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their 
respective successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, 
express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the 
parties hereto or the parties respective successors and permitted assigns 
any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this 
Agreement.

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
signed (where applicable, by their respective officers or other authorized 
Person thereunto duly authorized) as of the date first written above.
 
Oiltanking:
OILTANKING PARTNERS, L.P.
By: OTLP GP, LLC,
its general partner
By: 	  	
/s/ Laurie H. Argo
Name: 	  	Laurie H. Argo
Title: 	  	President and Chief Executive Officer
Partnership:
ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.
By: ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS HOLDINGS LLC,
its general partner
By: 	  	
/s/ Michael A. Creel
Name: 	  	Michael A. Creel
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
Unitholder:
ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC
By: ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OLPGP, INC.,
its sole manager
By: 	  	
/s/ Michael A. Creel
Name: 	  	Michael A. Creel
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to Support Agreement