 EX-10 2 acug_ex10.htm AGREEMENT WITH CAPITAL GENETIC EBT, S.L.
EXHIBIT 10
 
 
STRATEGIC COOPERATION AGREEMENT
 
VEGETABLE SEEDS BREEDING, R & D AND MARKET DEVELOPING
 
 
 
CAPITAL GENETIC EBT, S.L.
 
A & C UNITED AGRICULTURE DEVELOPING INC.
 
 
 
 
October, 2014
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Party A: CAPITAL GENETIC EBT, S.L.（”CapGen”）located at Ctra. Zamora, 2738 
Vícar, Almería 04738 Spain.
 
Party B: A & C UNITED AGRICULTURE DEVELOPING INC. (A&C) located at 700 
Commerce Drive, Suite 500, Oak Brook, IL, 60523 U.S.A.
 
Term: From the date signed below to December 31, 2018.
 
Recitals:
 
After more than one year of successful collaboration on a number of solanum 
vegetables, the two parties have established a solid framework for 
vegetable seeds breeding, research and development and market developing 
activities. Both parties agree and decide, by signing this Agreement, 
firstly to define and clarify each party’s role in the process of breeding 
research and development, seeds production, market developing and sales 
promotion, i.e. each party’s interests and responsibilities, and secondly, 
to better streamline all key business links and to further decrease the 
lead time of each seed variety.
 
Both parties agree:
 
1.
CapGen’s Role. CapGen is primarily in charge of breeding, research & 
development, providing samples and seed production.
  	 
2.
A&C’s Role. A&C is primarily in charge of seeds testing, selection, 
trialing and demonstration, market developing, commercializing and sales. 
A&C is responsible for setting up logistics processes including 
import/export permission, product registration, transportation and local 
regulation compliance.
  	 
3.
Developing Cycle and Cost.
 
        The research & development cycle for CapGen’s to develop a new
        product is about 6-12 months (see Appendix – 1 below for detail).
 
        The cycle for A&C to commercialize a product from seeds selection
        is about 18-24 months (see Appendix – 2 below for detail).
 
        In principle, each party is funding itself for the costs and
        expenses associated with the tasks defined above.
 
4.
Territory and Exclusiveness. A&C is mainly conducting its market developing 
and sales activities in eastern Asia. A&C’s territory includes P.R. China, 
South Korea and Japan. A&C owns the exclusiveness of the varieties that A&C 
has selected for commercialization. CapGen may sell its product directly to 
the markets outside A&C’s territory. With consent of two parties, A&C may 
assist CapGen in developing markets that are outside A&C’s territory, and 
vice versa.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
5.
Production. For each variety A&C has selected for commercialization, A&C 
needs to confirm the volume and sign procurement agreement for seed 
production with CapGen in advance. In principle, once procurement agreement 
is signed, neither party should make changes to volume and/or price. 
However, should there is any fluctuations during the actual seed 
production, both parties need to discuss accordingly.
  	 
6.
Brand Name and Package. A&C may use CapGen’s brand name, A&C’s own brand 
name or both at the same time, depending on the market situation. A&C will 
use its own packages in its territories.
  	 
7.
The exclusive promotion, sale and commercialisation of the seeds, will 
imply for A&C the compromise of non importation, non sale and/or non 
distribution of similar products under any other trademarks, brands or for 
any other companies, in competition with CapGen, in the territory.
  	 
8.
A&C acknowledges purchasing from CapGen, products up to an annual amount of 
at least 250.000 € starting from 2018. Notwithstanding the above, this 
amount may be revised by agreement between A&C and CapGen. CapGen shall be 
entitled to unilaterally terminate this agreement, in the event A&C has not 
fulfilled this obligation.
  	 
9.
Although otherwise agreed between A&C and CapGen, the destiny place for the 
seeds to be sent will be the following address in Sweden; LGH 1201, Gamla, 
SÖDERTÄLJEVÄGEN 134, A 141, 70 Segeltorp, Stockholm, Sweden.
  	 
10.
The means of payment agreed for the production of seeds to be paid by A&C: 
In advance from phase 3 – Initial Sales in Appendix 2.
 
Violation of Agreement:
 
1.
During execution of this Agreement, the violating party should compensate 
the other party for all the loss it actually caused.
  	 
2.
Force Majeure. Any party that could not fulfill or follow the terms in this 
Agreement due
  	 
to
force majeure should inform the other party at the earliest possible time. 
It will not be considered as a violation of Agreement when situation is 
understood and assessed.
  	 
3.
Other. Both parties agree to keep supplementing, improving this Agreement 
at a needed base according to the actual result of execution.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Agreement have duly executed it 
effective on the date of the last signature below.
 
CapGen: 	 	A&C:
  	 	 
CAPITAL GENETIC EBT, S.L. 	  	A&C UNITED AGRICULTURE DEVELOPING INC.
  	 	 	 	  	 
By: 	/s/ Ambrosio Hernandez Cabrera 	  	By: 	/s/ Andy Liu, President 	 
  	Ambrosio Hernandez Cabrera 	 	 	Andy Liu, President 	
  	 	  	  	 	
Date: 	22th of October 2014 	 	Date: 	22th of October 2014 	
 
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Appendix
 
Appendix – 1:
 
A&C submits the request, based on the individual target market, to CapGen. 
CapGen confirms the condition and timeframe.
 
Appendix – 2:
 
Time frame and steps of developing a variety in a market.
 
1.
Preliminary screening. At least 2 full life cycles are needed for one 
variety in order to identify potential varieties. Candidates’ attributes, 
performance will be studied and recorded during this phase. The ideal 
sowing seasons and locations will be decided.
  	 
2.
Variety Demonstration. 1 – 2 full life cycles are needed. On site 
demonstration and presentation will be held at the ideal locations in the 
ideal seasons.
  	 
3.
Initial Sales. About one full life cycle. Target sales volume is: 5,000,000 
to 10,000,000 seeds.
  	 
4.
Sales Promotion. About one full life cycle. Target sales volume is: 
10,000,000 to 100,000,000 seeds.
  	 
5.
Stable Market Share. Target sales volume is above100,000,000 per year. It 
usually takes 4 – 5 years to build a stable market for a variety.
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------