 EX-10.1 2 a14-19599_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT
 
This Change in Control Agreement (Agreement) between Cache, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation, and Anthony DiPippa (Executive), is made as of the 
7th day of November, 2014 (the Effective Date).
 
The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that it 
is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure that 
the Company will have the continued dedication of the Executive, 
notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change in 
Control (as defined below) of the Company.  The Board believes it is 
imperative to diminish the inevitable distraction of the Executive by 
virtue of the personal uncertainties and risks created by a pending or 
threatened Change in Control to encourage the Executives full attention 
and dedication to the Company currently and in the event of any threatened 
or pending Change in Control and to ensure a smooth and orderly transition 
in the event of a Change in Control.  Therefore, in order to accomplish 
these objectives, the Board has authorized the Company to enter into this 
Agreement with the Executive.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:
 
1.                                      This Agreement shall be between the 
Company and the Executive named above for all periods during which the 
Executive serves in the capacity as an officer of the Company.
 
2.                                      Certain Definitions.
 
(a)                                 Company shall mean Cache, Inc. and 
any successor to its business and/or assets which assumes and agrees to 
perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.
 
(b)                                 Cause shall mean:
 
    (i)                                     Executives conviction, guilty
    plea or plea of nolo contendere with respect to (A) any felony, or (B)
    any misdemeanor involving fraud, theft, dishonesty, wrongful taking of
    property, embezzlement, bribery, forgery or extortion;
     
    (ii)                                  Executives fraudulent, unlawful,
    grossly negligent or willful misconduct in connection with Executives
    duties;
     
    (iii)                               Executives material breach of this
    Agreement or any material policy or procedure of the Company;
     
    (iv)                              misappropriation of funds by
    Executive; or
     
    (v)                                 substance abuse, illegal drug use
    or habitual insobriety.
     
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)                                  Change in Control shall mean:
 
    (i)                                     The acquisition by any
    individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or
    14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
    Exchange Act)) (a Person) of beneficial ownership (within the
    meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of more than 50% of the
    combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the
    Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors  (
    Company Voting Securities);
     
    (ii)                                  Individuals who, as of the
    Effective Date, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board) cease for
    any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided,
    however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the
    Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the
    Companys shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority
    of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be
    considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent
    Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose
    initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or
    threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of
    directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or
    consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or
     
    (iii)                               the sale of the Company
    substantially as an entirety (whether by sale of stock, sale of assets,
    merger, consolidation or otherwise).
     
(d)                                 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended.
 
    (e)                                  Date of Termination shall mean
    the date of the termination of Executives employment with the Company
    for any reason.
     
    (f)                                   Disability shall have the
    meaning provided in the Companys Long Term Disability policy in which
    the Executive participates.
     
    (g)                                  Good Reason shall mean:
     
    (i)                                     any material reduction in the
    Executives authority, duties or responsibilities without the
    Executives written consent, excluding for this purpose an action not
    taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after
    receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive;
     
    (ii)                                  any material reduction in the
    Executives base salary, annual incentive bonus opportunity or
    long-term incentive opportunity, other than an across-the-board
    reduction applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company;
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (iii)                               the Company requiring the Executive
    to be based at any office or location more than fifty miles from the
    Executives principal business location immediately prior to a Change
    in Control; or
     
    (iv)                              any failure by the Company to comply
    with and satisfy Section 6(c) of this Agreement;
     
provided, however, that Good Reason shall not exist under this Section 2(g) 
unless the Executive provides written notice to the Company within ninety 
(90) days after the initial existence of the circumstances asserted to 
constitute Good Reason, and the Company refuses or fails to cure such 
circumstances (if susceptible to cure) within thirty (30) calendar days 
after the receipt of such notice.
 
3.                                      Payment Upon a Change in Control in 
Certain Situations.  If a Change of Control occurs while the Executive is 
employed by the Company and (a) neither the Company nor the corporation 
resulting from such Change in Control (or any parent corporation) has any 
class of equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, 
or (b) there is a material reduction in the Executives authority, duties 
or responsibilities; then the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump 
sum in cash, an amount equal to twelve (12) months of the Executives base 
salary as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control.  Any 
payment pursuant to this Section 3 shall be made within 30 days after the 
conditions herein have occurred.
 
4.                                      Retention Bonus.  If a Change of 
Control occurs while the Executive is employed by the Company and the 
Executive remains continuously employed by the Company until six (6) months 
after a Change in Control (the Retention Date), the Company shall pay the 
Executive a retention bonus equal to (75%/) of the Executives base salary 
as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control.  The Retention 
Bonus shall be paid in a lump sum in cash within 30 days after the 
Retention Date.
 
5.                                      Obligations of the Company Upon 
Termination.  (a) Good Reason; Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability.  
If, within 6 months after a Change in Control, the Company terminates the 
Executives employment other than for Cause, Disability or death, or the 
Executive terminates employment for Good Reason:
 
    (i)                                     The Company shall pay to the
    Executive in a lump sum in cash the sum of:  (A) the Executives base
    salary through the Date of Termination, to the extent not theretofore
    paid; (B) any annual bonus earned with respect to a performance period
    that ended prior to the Date of Termination, to the extent not
    theretofore paid; and (C) any accrued vacation pay, to the extent not
    theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in clauses (A), (B),
    and (C) shall be hereinafter referred to as the Accrued Obligations
    ).  The Accrued Obligations shall be paid within 30 days after the
    Date of Termination.
     
    (ii)                                  Subject to the Release required
    by Section 8 hereof, for three (3) months after the Date of
    Termination, the Company shall continue to provide medical and other
    welfare benefits to the Executive and/or the Executives family at
    least equal to
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    those which would have been provided to as of the date of the Change of
    Control, however, that if the Executive becomes reemployed with another
    employer and is eligible to receive medical or other welfare benefits
    under another employer provided plan, the medical and other welfare
    benefits described herein shall cease within 30 days of the Executives
    first day of new employment.
     
(b)                                 Death, Disability, Termination for 
Cause or Without Good Reason.  If, within 6 months after a Change in 
Control, the Executives employment is terminated (i) by reason of the 
Executives Death or Disability, (ii) by the Company for Cause, or (iii) by 
the Executive without Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate without 
further obligations to the Executives legal representatives under this 
Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations.  Accrued 
Obligations shall be paid to the Executives estate or beneficiary, as 
applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of 
Termination.
 
6.                                      Successors.
 
(a)                                 This Agreement is personal to the 
Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be 
assignable by the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent 
and distribution.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be 
enforceable by the Executives legal representatives.
 
(b)                                 This Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.
 
(c)                                  the Company will require any successor 
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or 
otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the 
Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same 
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform 
it if no such succession had taken place.
 
7.                                      Arbitration.  The parties agree 
that any and all disputes between the Executive and the Company arising out 
of, relating to or concerning this Agreement shall be submitted exclusively 
to confidential, final and binding arbitration before the American 
Arbitration Association.  The parties hereby agree to arbitrate any 
disputes, in New York, New York, under the American Arbitration 
Associations Employment Arbitration Rules, and both parties specifically 
consent to personal jurisdiction in such forum.  Each party shall pay its 
own expenses of arbitration and the expenses of the arbitrator shall be 
equally shared by the parties to the arbitration.  The parties specifically 
waive their respective right to a trial by jury for any dispute or 
controversy arising out of, relating to or concerning this Agreement.
 
8.                                      Release.  Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein to the contrary, the Company shall only be obligated to 
make the payments or provide any benefit under Section 5(a) (other than 
Accrued Obligations) if: (a) within 21 days after the Date of Termination, 
the Executive executes and provides to the Company a release of claims 
agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, (the Release); (b) 
the Executive does not revoke the Release; and (c) the Release becomes 
effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms.  The Company
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall be obligated to provide the Release to the Executive promptly 
following the Date of Termination.
 
9.                                      Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                 This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without 
reference to principles of conflict of laws.  The captions of this 
Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or 
effect. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a 
written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective 
successors and legal representatives.
 
(b)                                 All notices and other communications 
hereunder shall be in writing and be given by hand delivery to the other 
party or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage 
prepaid.  Notices to the Executive shall be sent to the address of the 
Executive most recently provided to the Company.  Notices to the Company 
should be sent to:
 
            Cache, Inc.
            256 West 38th Street
            New York, NY 10018
            Attention:  General Counsel
             
Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the 
addressee.
 
(c)                                  The invalidity or unenforceability of 
any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or 
enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.
 
(d)                                 the Company may withhold from any 
amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state, local or other 
taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or 
regulation.
 
(e)                                  The Executive and the Company 
acknowledge that the employment of the Executive by the Company is at 
will and the Executives employment may be terminated for any reason at 
any time prior to a Change in Control by either the Executive or the 
Company, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under 
this Agreement.
 
(f)                                   Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary herein, this Agreement will expire and be of no further effect if 
a Change in Control has not occurred or is not in process as of September 
30, 2015.
 
10.                               Compliance with Section 409A of the Code
.  It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under this 
Agreement shall either be exempt from the application of, or comply with, 
the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.  This Agreement shall be 
construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent, 
and the Company shall not take any action that would be inconsistent with 
such intent.  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the 
contrary, (a) to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Code, the Date of Termination shall mean the date of the Executives 
separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code; 
(b) if the Executive is a specified employee on the Date of Termination 
(as determined by the Company in accordance with Section 409A of the Code), 
then to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, any 
payments under this Agreement that constitute a deferral of compensation 
within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and that are provided as a 
result of a separation from service will be paid no earlier than the 
first business day that is at least 6 months after Date of Termination; and 
(c)  if the period set out in this Agreement for the payment of benefits to 
the Executive following the Release spans two calendar years, then, to the 
extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Code, any such payment 
shall be made in the second calendar year.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and the Company have executed this 
Agreement as of the Effective Date.
 
 
 
EXECUTIVE
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Anthony DiPippa
 
 
 
 
 
CACHE, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By
/s/ Jay Margolis
 
Name:
Jay Margolis
 
Title:
Chief Executive Officer, & Chairman of the Board
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
GENERAL RELEASE
 
This General Release (this Release) is made and entered into as of this   
         day of             2014, by and between Cache, Inc. (the Company
) and                  (Employee).
 
1.                                      Employment Status. Employees 
employment with the Company terminated effective as of [·], 20[·] (the 
Separation Date).
 
2.                                      Payments and Benefits.  Upon the 
effectiveness of the terms set forth herein, the Company shall provide 
Employee with the benefits set forth in Sections 5(a) (ii) and 5(a) (iii) 
of the Change in Control Agreement between the Company and Employee (the 
CIC Agreement), upon the terms, and subject to the conditions, of the CIC 
Agreement.
 
3.                                      No Liability. This Release does not 
constitute an admission by the Company or its affiliates or their 
respective officers, directors, partners, agents, or employees, or by 
Employee, of any unlawful acts or of any violation of federal, state or 
local laws.
 
4.                                      Release.  In consideration of the 
payments and benefits set forth in Section 2 of this Release, Employee for 
himself/herself, his or her heirs, administrators, representatives, 
executors, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors) does hereby 
irrevocably and unconditionally release, acquit and forever discharge the 
Company, its respective affiliates and their respective successors and 
assigns (the Company Group) and each of its officers, directors, 
partners, agents, and former and current employees, including without 
limitation all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of 
them (collectively, Releasees), and each of them, from any and all 
claims, demands, actions, causes of action, costs, attorney fees, and all 
liability whatsoever, whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, which 
Employee has, had, or may ever have against the Releasees relating to or 
arising out of Employees employment or separation from employment with the 
Company Group, from the beginning of time and up to and including the date 
Employee executes this Release. This Release includes, without limitation, 
(a) law or equity claims; (b) contract (express or implied) or tort claims; 
(c) claims for wrongful discharge, retaliatory discharge, whistle blowing, 
libel, slander, defamation, unpaid compensation, intentional infliction of 
emotional distress, fraud, public policy contract or tort, and implied 
covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (d) claims under or associated 
with any of the Company Groups incentive compensation plans or 
arrangements; (e) claims arising under any federal, state, or local laws of 
any jurisdiction that prohibit age, sex, race, national origin, color, 
disability, religion, veteran, military status, sexual orientation, or any 
other form of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation (including without 
limitation under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 as 
amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act (ADEA), Title VII of 
the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as amended by the Civil Rights Act of 1991, 
the Equal Pay Act of 1963, and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 
the Rehabilitation Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Employee Polygraph Protection Act, the Uniformed 
Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, the Genetic 
Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (GINA), the Fair Labor 
Standards Act (FLSA), the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act or any other 
foreign, federal, state or
 
A-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
local law or judicial decision); (f) claims arising under the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act; and (g) any other statutory or common law 
claims related to Employees employment with the Company Group or the 
separation of Employees employment with the Company Group; provided, 
however, that nothing herein shall release the Company Group from (i) any 
obligation under the CIC Agreement; (ii) any obligation to provide benefit 
entitlements under any Company benefit or welfare plan that were vested as 
of the Separation Date; and (iii) any rights or claims that relate to 
events or circumstances that occur after the date that the Employee 
executes this Release.
 
Without limiting the foregoing paragraph, Employee represents that Employee 
understands that this Release specifically releases and waives any claims 
of age discrimination, known or unknown, that Employee may have against the 
Company as of the date Employee signs this Release.  This Release 
specifically includes a waiver of rights and claims under the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, and the Older Workers 
Benefit Protection Act.  Employee acknowledges that as of the date Employee 
signs this Release, Employee may have certain rights or claims under the 
Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. §626 and Employee 
voluntarily relinquishes any such rights or claims by signing this Release.
 
In addition, nothing in this Release is intended to interfere with 
Employees right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission or any state or local human rights commission in connection with 
any claim Employee believes he or she may have against the Releasees.  
However, by executing this Release, Employee hereby waives the right to 
recover remuneration, damages, compensation or relief of any type in any 
proceeding that Employee may bring before the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission or any state human rights commission or in any proceeding 
brought by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any state human 
rights commission on Employees behalf.
 
5.                                      Bar.  Employee acknowledges and 
agrees that if he or she should hereafter make any claim or demand or 
commence or threaten to commence any action, claim or proceeding against 
the Releasees with respect to any cause, matter or thing which is the 
subject of the release under Section 4 of this Release, this Release may be 
raised as a complete bar to any such action, claim or proceeding, and the 
applicable Releasee may recover from Employee all costs incurred in 
connection with such action, claim or proceeding, including attorneys 
fees, along with the benefits set forth in Section 2 of the Release.
 
6.                                      Governing Law.  This Release shall 
be governed, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the 
substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of 
law principles.
 
7.                                      Acknowledgment. Employee has read 
this Release, understands it, and voluntarily accepts its terms, and 
Employee acknowledges that he or she has been advised by the Company to 
seek the advice of legal counsel (at Employees cost) before entering into 
this Release. Employee acknowledges that he or she was given a period of at 
least 21 calendar days within which to consider and execute this Release, 
and to the extent that he or she executes this Release before the 
expiration of the 21 day period, he or she does so knowingly and 
voluntarily
 
A-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and only after consulting his or her attorney. Employee acknowledges and 
agrees that the promises made by the Company Group hereunder represent 
substantial value over and above that to which Employee would otherwise be 
entitled.
 
8.                                      Revocation.  Employee has a period 
of 7 calendar days following the execution of this Release during which 
Employee may revoke this Release by delivering written notice to the 
Company pursuant to Section 9(b) of the CIC Agreement before 5:00 p.m. on 
the seventh day after signing this Release.  This Release will not become 
effective or enforceable until such revocation period has expired. Employee 
understands that if he or she revokes this Release, it will be null and 
void in its entirety, and he or she will not be entitled to any payments or 
benefits provided in this Release, including without limitation under 
Section 2 of this Release.
 
9.                                      Miscellaneous. This Release is the 
complete understanding between Employee and the Company Group in respect of 
the subject matter of this Release and supersedes all prior agreements 
relating to Employees employment with the Company Group, except as 
specifically excluded by this Release. Employee has not relied upon any 
representations, promises or agreements of any kind except those set forth 
herein in signing this Release. In the event that any provision of this 
Release should be held to be invalid or unenforceable, each and all of the 
other provisions of this Release shall remain in full force and effect. If 
any provision of this Release is found to be invalid or unenforceable, such 
provision shall be modified as necessary to permit this Release to be 
upheld and enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. Employee agrees 
to execute such other documents and take such further actions as reasonably 
may be required by the Company Group to carry out the provisions of this 
Release.
 
10.                               Counterparts. This Release may be 
executed by the parties hereto in counterparts, which taken together shall 
be deemed one original.
 
CACHE, INC.
 
EMPLOYEE
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Its:
 
 
 
A-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------