 EX-10.1 8 s100441_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 
______________________, 2014
 
            CB Pharma Acquisition Corp.
            24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
            Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
 
            EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
            275 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor
            New York, New York 10016
             
Re: 	Initial Public Offering
 
Gentlemen:
 
This letter is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting 
Agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) entered into by and between CB 
Pharma Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands Company (the “Company”), and 
EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as Representative (the “Representative”) of the 
several Underwriters named in Schedule I thereto (the “Underwriters”), 
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the “IPO”) of the 
Company’s units (the “Units”), each comprised of one ordinary share of the 
Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Ordinary Shares”), one right (“
Right”) to receive one-tenth of one Ordinary Share upon consummation of the 
Company’s initial Business Combination, and one warrant, each warrant 
exercisable for one half of one Ordinary Share (“Warrant”) upon 
consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination. Certain 
capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 15 hereof.
 
In order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into the 
Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the IPO, and in recognition of 
the benefit that such IPO will confer upon the undersigned as a shareholder 
of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby 
agrees with the Company as follows:
 
1.          If the Company solicits approval of its shareholders of a 
Business Combination, the undersigned will vote all Ordinary Shares 
beneficially owned by him, whether acquired before, in or after the IPO, in 
favor of such Business Combination.
 
2.          (a) In the event that the Company fails to consummate a 
Business Combination within the required time period set forth in the 
Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association as the same may be amended 
from time to time, the undersigned shall take all reasonable steps to (i) 
cause the Trust Fund to be liquidated and distributed to the holders of IPO 
Shares and (ii) cause the Company to liquidate as soon as reasonably 
practicable.
 

 

 

 
(b)          The undersigned hereby waives any and all right, title, 
interest or claim of any kind in or to any distribution of the Trust Fund 
and any remaining net assets of the Company as a result of such liquidation 
with respect to any Insider Shares or Private Units beneficially owned by 
the undersigned (“Claim”) and hereby waives any Claim the undersigned may 
have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any contracts or 
agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust 
Fund for any reason whatsoever. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees 
that there will be no distribution from the Trust Fund with respect to any 
Rights or Warrants, all of which will terminate on the Company’s 
liquidation.
 
(c)          [In the event of the liquidation of the Trust Fund, the 
undersigned agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any 
and all loss, liability, claims, damage and expense whatsoever (including, 
but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred 
in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether 
pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) which the Company may 
become subject as a result of any claim by any vendor or other person who 
is owed money by the Company for services rendered or products sold or 
contracted for, or by any target business, but only to the extent necessary 
to ensure that such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense does not 
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Fund; provided that such indemnity 
shall not apply if such vendor or prospective target business executes an 
agreement waiving any claims against the Trust Fund.]1
 
3.          The undersigned will escrow all of his/her/its Insider Shares 
pursuant to the terms of a Share Escrow Agreement which the Company will 
enter into with the undersigned and an escrow agent acceptable to the 
Company.
 
4.          Intentionally Omitted.
 
5.          In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may 
arise from multiple affiliations, the undersigned agrees to present to the 
Company for its consideration, prior to presentation to any other person or 
entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target business, until the 
earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the 
liquidation of the Company, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and 
contractual obligations the undersigned might have.
 
6.          The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that prior to entering 
into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with 
any Insiders of the Company or their affiliates, such transaction must be 
approved by a majority of the Company’s disinterested independent directors 
and the Company must obtain an opinion from an independent investment 
banking firm that such Business Combination is fair to the Company’s 
unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view.
 
 
1 Coronado Biosciences Insider Letter Only
 

2

 

 
7.          Neither the undersigned nor any affiliate of the undersigned 
will be entitled to receive and will not accept any compensation or other 
cash payment for services rendered prior to, or in order to effectuate, the 
consummation of the Business Combination; provided that the Company shall 
be allowed to (i) repay the non-interest bearing loan in an aggregate 
amount of $200,000 and working capital loans made by the undersigned to the 
Company in cash upon consummation of the Business Combination or, at the 
undersigned’s discretion, with respect to up to an aggregate of $500,000 of 
working capital loans from all lenders, by converting such loans into units 
at a price of $10.00 per unit, as more fully described in the Registration 
Statement, (ii) pay $10,000 per month to Coronado Biosciences, Inc., an 
affiliate of the undersigned, for office space and related services and 
(iii) reimburse the undersigned and any affiliate of the undersigned for 
their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying, 
investigating and consummating a Business Combination.
 
8.          Neither the undersigned nor any affiliate of the undersigned 
will be entitled to receive or accept a finder’s fee or any other 
compensation in the event the undersigned, any member of the family of the 
undersigned or any affiliate of the undersigned originates a Business 
Combination.
 
9.          The undersigned agrees to be the _________________ of the 
Company until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business 
Combination or the liquidation of the Company. The undersigned’s 
biographical information previously furnished to the Company and the 
Representative is true and accurate in all material respects, does not omit 
any material information with respect to the undersigned’s biography. The 
undersigned’s FINRA Questionnaire previously furnished to the Company and 
the Representative is true and accurate in all material respects. The 
undersigned represents and warrants that:
 
(a) 	he has never had a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any 
state insolvency law been filed by or against (i) him or any partnership in 
which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of 
filing; or (ii) any corporation or business association of which he was an 
executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing;
         
(b) 	he has never had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer been 
appointed by a court for his business or property, or any such partnership;
         
(c) 	he has never been convicted of fraud in a civil or criminal 
proceeding;
         
(d) 	he/ has never been convicted in a criminal proceeding or named the 
subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and 
minor offenses);
         
(e) 	he has never been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not 
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent 
jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining or otherwise limiting 
him from (i) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, 
commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage 
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (“CFTC”) or an associated person of any of the 
foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in 
securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any 
investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance 
company, or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in 
connection with any such activity; or (ii) engaging in any type of business 
practice; or (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase 
or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of 
federal or state securities or federal commodities laws;
         

3

 

         
(f) 	he has never been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not 
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any federal or state 
authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days 
his right to engage in any activity described in 9(e)(i) above, or to be 
associated with persons engaged in any such activity;
         
(g) 	he has never been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a 
civil action or by the SEC to have violated any federal or state securities 
law, where the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not 
been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated;
         
(h) 	he has never been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a 
civil action or by the CFTC to have violated any federal commodities law, 
where the judgment in such civil action or finding by the CFTC has not been 
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated;
         
(i) 	he has never been the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State 
judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not 
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged 
violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or 
regulation, (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or 
insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent 
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or 
temporary or permanent cease-and desist order, or removal or prohibition 
order or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or 
fraud in connection with any business entity;
         
(j) 	he has never been the subject of, or party to, any sanction or order, 
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any self-regulatory 
organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, 
association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over 
its members or persons associated with a member;
         
(k) 	he has never been convicted of any felony or misdemeanor: (i) in 
connection with the purchase or sale of any security; (ii) involving the 
making of any false filing with the SEC; or (iii) arising out of the 
conduct of the business of an underwriter, broker, dealer, municipal 
securities dealer, investment advisor or paid solicitor of purchasers of 
securities;
         

4

 

         
(l) 	he was never subject to a final order of a state securities commission 
(or an agency of officer of a state performing like functions); a state 
authority that supervises or examines banks, savings associations, or 
credit unions; a state insurance commission (or an agency or officer of a 
state performing like functions); an appropriate federal banking agency; 
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission; or the National Credit Union 
Administration that is based on a violation of any law or regulation that 
prohibits fraudulent, manipulative, or deceptive conduct;
         
(m) 	he has never been subject to any order, judgment or decree of any 
court of competent jurisdiction, that, at the time of such sale, restrained 
or enjoined him from engaging or continuing to engage in any conduct or 
practice: (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of any security; (ii) 
involving the making of any false filing with the SEC; or (iii) arising out 
of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, broker, dealer, municipal 
securities dealer, investment adviser or paid solicitor of purchasers of 
securities;
         
(n) 	he has never been subject to any order of the SEC that orders him to 
cease and desist from committing or causing a future violation of: (i) any 
scienter-based anti-fraud provision of the federal securities laws, 
including, but not limited to, Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act, 
Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 
206(1) of the Advisers Act or any other rule or regulation thereunder; or 
(ii) Section 5 of the Securities Act;
         
(o) 	he has never been named as an underwriter in any registration 
statement or Regulation A offering statement filed with the SEC that was 
the subject of a refusal order, stop order, or order suspending the 
Regulation A exemption, or is, currently, the subject of an investigation 
or proceeding to determine whether a stop order or suspension order should 
be issued;
         
(p) 	he has never been subject to a United States Postal Service false 
representation order, or is currently subject to a temporary restraining 
order or preliminary injunction with respect to conduct alleged by the 
United States Postal Service to constitute a scheme or device for obtaining 
money or property through the mail by means of false representations;
         
(q) 	he is not subject to a final order of a state securities commission 
(or an agency of officer of a state performing like functions); a state 
authority that supervises or examines banks, savings associations, or 
credit unions; a state insurance commission (or an agency or officer of a 
state performing like functions); an appropriate federal banking agency; 
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission; or the National Credit Union 
Administration that bars the undersigned from: (i) association with an 
entity regulated by such commission, authority, agency or officer; (ii) 
engaging in the business of securities, insurance or banking; or (iii) 
engaging in savings association or credit union activities;
         

5

 

         
(r) 	he is not subject to an order of the SEC entered pursuant to section 
15(b) or 15B(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) 
or section 203(e) or 203(f) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the 
“Advisers Act”) that: (i) suspends or revokes the undersigned’s 
registration as a broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer or investment 
adviser; (ii) places limitations on the activities, functions or operations 
of, or imposes civil money penalties on, such person; or (iii) bars the 
undersigned from being associated with any entity or from participating in 
the offering of any penny stock; and
         
(s) 	he has never been suspended or expelled from membership in, or 
suspended or barred from association with a member of, a securities 
self-regulatory organization (e.g., a registered national securities 
exchange or a registered national or affiliated securities association) for 
any act or omission to act constituting conduct inconsistent with just and 
equitable principles of trade.
 
10.         The undersigned has full right and power, without violating any 
agreement by which he is bound, to enter into this letter agreement and to 
serve as ________________ of the Company.
 
11.         The undersigned hereby waives his right to exercise conversion 
rights with respect to any shares of the Ordinary Shares owned or to be 
owned by the undersigned, directly or indirectly, whether purchased by the 
undersigned prior to the IPO, in the IPO or in the aftermarket, and agrees 
that he will not seek conversion with respect to or otherwise sell, such 
shares in connection with any vote to approve a Business Combination with 
respect thereto.
 
12.         The undersigned hereby agrees to not propose, or vote in favor 
of, an amendment to the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association 
with respect to the Company’s pre-Business Combination activities prior to 
the consummation of a Business Combination.
 
13.         [In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business 
Combination and must liquidate and its remaining net assets are 
insufficient to complete such liquidation, the undersigned agrees to 
advance such funds necessary to complete such liquidation and agrees not to 
seek repayment for such expenses.]2
 
14.         This letter agreement shall be governed by and construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without 
giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the 
application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The 
undersigned hereby (i) agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against 
him arising out of or relating in any way to this letter agreement (a “
Proceeding”) shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of 
New York of the United States of America for the Southern District of New 
York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction 
shall be exclusive, (ii) waives any objection to such exclusive 
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum and (iii) 
irrevocably agrees to appoint Graubard Miller as agent for the service of 
process in the State of New York to receive, for the undersigned and on his 
behalf, service of process in any Proceeding.
 
 
2 Coronado Biosciences Insider Letter Only
 

6

 

 
15.         As used herein, (i) a “Business Combination” shall mean a 
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, 
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with 
one or more businesses or entities; (ii) “Insiders” shall mean all 
officers, directors and shareholders of the Company immediately prior to 
the IPO; (iii) “Insider Shares” shall mean all of the Ordinary Shares of 
the Company acquired by an Insider prior to the IPO; (iv) “IPO Shares” 
shall mean the Ordinary Shares issued in the Company’s IPO; (v) “Private 
Units” shall mean (x) the Units purchased in the private placement taking 
place simultaneously with the consummation of the Company’s IPO and (y) the 
additional Units that will be purchased in a private placement upon the 
full or partial exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option for the 
Company’s IPO; (vi) “Memorandum and Articles of Association” shall mean the 
Company’s memorandum and articles of association, as the same may be 
amended and restated from time to time; (vii) “Registration Statement” 
means the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with 
respect to the IPO; and (viii) “Trust Fund” shall mean the trust fund into 
which a portion of the net proceeds of the Company’s IPO will be deposited.
 
16.         Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with 
any of the terms or provisions of this letter agreement shall be in writing 
and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by 
certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile 
transmission.
 
17.         No party hereto may assign either this letter agreement or any 
of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior 
written consent of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation 
of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to 
transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This 
letter agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto and any successors 
and assigns thereof.
 
18.         The undersigned acknowledges and understands that the 
Underwriters and the Company will rely upon the agreements, representations 
and warranties set forth herein in proceeding with the IPO.
 
  	 
  	Print Name of Insider
  	 
  	 
  	Signature
 

7