 EX-10.3 9 d812282dex103.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made and is effective 
as of the 1st day of September ,2008, by and between BUSINESS FIRST BANK 
and BUSINESS FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (Collectively Bank), and Steven 
Champney, an individual resident of the State of Louisiana (Executive) 
(the signatories to this Agreement will be referred to jointly as the 
Parties).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Executive is joining the Bank and has considerable experience and 
training in management related to banking and the financial services 
offered by and needed by the Bank; and

WHEREAS, the Bank desires to provide for the employment of Executive as the 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank, and 
Executive desires to provide such employment, subject to and on the terms 
and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, both the Bank and Executive have read and understood the terms and 
provisions set forth in this Agreement and have been afforded a reasonable 
opportunity to review this Agreement with their respective legal counsel 
and other advisors.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set 
forth in this Agreement, and for good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Executive and the 
Bank agree as follows:

1. Employment. The Bank hereby agrees to employ Executive as the Executive 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank, and Executive 
hereby accepts employment, on the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement.

2. Term. The initial term of Executives employment by the Bank under this 
Agreement shall terminate on August 31, 2018 (the Employment Period); 
provided, however, that commencing on September 1, 2018, and each 
anniversary of such date (the Renewal Date), the Employment Period shall 
be automatically extended so as to terminate two (2) years from such 
Renewal Date. If, at least sixty (60) days prior to the Renewal Date, the 
Bank gives Executive notice that the Employment Period will not be so 
extended, this Agreement will continue for the remainder of the then 
current Employment Period and then expire. The Employment Period may be 
sooner terminated under Section 6 of this Agreement.

3. Position and Duties. During the Employment Period, Executive will report 
directly to the President and Chief Executive Officer and to the Board of 
Directors of the Bank. Executive shall perform all services reasonably 
required by the standards of the banking industry to fully execute the 
duties and responsibilities associated with such position. Executive will 
devote substantially all of his working time, attention and energies to the 
performance of his duties for the Bank. Notwithstanding the above, 
Executive will be permitted, to the extent such activities do not interfere 
with the performance by Executive of his duties and responsibilities under 
this Agreement or violate Sections 10(a), 10(b), 10(c) or 10(d) of this 
Agreement, to (i) manage Executives personal, financial and legal affairs, 
and (ii) serve on civic or charitable boards or committees.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Place of Performance. Executives primary place of employment will be 
the Banks principal executive offices in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and any 
other Bank location on an as needed basis.

5. Compensation and Related Matters.

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the Bank will pay Executive 
a base salary of not less than $210,000 per year (Base Salary), in 
approximate equal installments in accordance with the Banks customary 
payroll practices. Executives Base Salary may be increased, but not 
decreased, pursuant to annual review by the Board. In the event Executives 
Base Salary is increased, the increased amount will then constitute the 
Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement.

(b) Annual Incentive Bonus. The Board shall, at its discretion, establish a 
bonus program for Executive during each year of the Employment Period. 
While the range of the bonus for the Executive is estimated in good faith 
to be between 25% and 40%, the bonus is not a guaranteed amount and its 
existence depends upon the profitability of the Bank and the performance of 
the Executive as recommended by the President and Chief Executive Officer 
of the Bank.

(c) Welfare, Pension and Incentive Benefit Plans; Reimbursement for COBRA 
Coverage. During the Employment Period, Executive (and his spouse and/or 
dependents to the extent provided in the applicable plans and programs) 
will be entitled to participate in and be covered under all the welfare 
benefit plans or programs maintained by the Bank for the benefit of its 
executive officers pursuant to the terms of such plans and programs 
including, without limitation, all medical, life, hospitalization, dental, 
disability, accidental death and dismemberment insurance plans and 
programs. In addition, during the Employment Period, Executive will be 
eligible to participate in all pensions, retirement, savings and other 
employee benefit plans and programs maintained from time to time by the 
Bank for the benefit of its senior executive officers. All employee 
benefits provided to the Executive by the Bank incident to the Executives 
employment shall be governed by the applicable plan documents, summary plan 
descriptions or employment policies, and may be modified, suspended or 
revoked at any time, in accordance with the terms and provisions of the 
applicable documents.

(d) Vacation. Executive shall be entitled to receive four (4) weeks paid 
vacation annually, which shall accumulate if not used in prior years.

(e) Reimbursement of Expenses. During the Term of Employment, the Bank 
shall promptly pay all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive for all 
reasonable travel and other business related expenses incurred by him in 
performing his obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the 
Banks travel and business expense policy, such expenses to be reviewed by 
the Board of Directors on a periodic basis. The Bank may provide Executive 
with a credit card for Executives business-related expenses.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Vehicle Allowance. During the Term of Employment, the Bank shall 
provide Executive with an automobile allowance in the amount of not less 
than $650 per month (such amount to be reviewed by the Board of Directors 
annually) for travel for the Bank and for transportation to and from the 
offices of the Bank, and for use in engaging in activities in the name of 
or for the benefit of the Bank.

(g) Stock Options. Executive shall receive annual options as of September 
1, 2008 to purchase shares of common stock of the Bank. The initial grant 
shall consist of options equal to 5000 shares per year, at a $12 per share 
price for each year, for a total of 10 years (or 50,000 shares in total). 
Executive shall be entitled to receive options for a period of ten (10) 
years commencing on September 1, 2008 and for September 1 of each year and 
then ending on September 1, 2017. In the event of change in control as 
defined by Section 9(a), (b), (c) and (d) of this Agreement, Executive 
shall be entitled to immediately receive the remainder of the original 
50,000 shares yet to be granted during the prescribed ten year period, plus 
any other shares granted to the Executive during his employment.

6. Termination. Executives employment under this Agreement may be 
terminated during the Employment Period under the following circumstances:

(a) Death. Executives employment under this Agreement will terminate upon 
his death.

(b) Disability. If, as a result of Executives Disability (as hereinafter 
defined), Executive is substantially unable to perform his duties under 
this Agreement (with or without reasonable accommodation, as defined under 
the Americans With Disabilities Act) for an entire period of three (3) 
consecutive months, and within thirty (30) days after a Notice of 
Termination (as defined in Section 7(a)) is given by the Bank to Executive 
after such three (3) month period, and Executive does not return to the 
substantial performance of his duties on a full-time basis, the Bank has 
the right to terminate Executives employment under this Agreement for 
Disability, and such termination will not be a breach of this Agreement by 
the Bank. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means (i) the 
inability of the Executive to engage in any substantial gainful activity by 
reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which 
can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a 
continuous period of more than six (6) months, or (ii) the receipt of 
income replacement benefits for a period of more than three (3) months 
under a Bank-sponsored or Company-sponsored accident and health plan 
covering the Executive due to a medically determinable physical or mental 
impairment which is expected to result in death or is expected to last for 
a continuous period of more than six (6) months.

(c) Cause. The Bank has the right to terminate Executives employment for 
cause and such termination will not be a breach of this Agreement by the 
Bank. Cause means termination of employment for one of the following 
reasons:

(i) The determination by the Board of Directors in the exercise of its 
reasonable judgment, after consultation with its legal counsel, that 
Executive has committed an act or acts constituting (A) a felony or other 
crime, whether a felony or a misdemeanor, involving moral turpitude, 
dishonesty or theft, (B) dishonesty or disloyalty, intended to result in 
personal enrichment of Executive at the expense of the Bank or the Company, 
or (C) fraud;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) The determination by the Board of Directors in the exercise of its 
reasonable judgment, that Executive (A) has failed to follow the lawful 
directives of the Board of Directors, within the reasonable scope of his 
duties, or (B) has engaged in such actions or omissions that would 
constitute unsafe or unsound banking practices, and Executive has failed to 
cure or remedy any such actions or practices to the reasonable satisfaction 
of the Board within ten (10) days after written notice to Executive by the 
Bank specifying in reasonable detail the objectionable actions or 
practices;

(iii) The determination by the Board of Directors in the exercise of its 
reasonable judgment, after consultation with its legal counsel, that 
Executive has committed a breach or violation of this Agreement, and 
Executive has failed to cure such breach or violation within ten (10) days 
after written notice to Executive by the Bank specifying in reasonable 
detail the alleged breach or violation;

(iv) The determination by the Board of Directors, after consultation with 
its legal counsel, that Executive has engaged in gross misconduct in the 
course and scope of his employment with the Bank including indecency, 
immorality, gross insubordination, dishonesty, unlawful harassment or 
discrimination, use of illegal drugs, or fighting; or

(v) In the event Executive is prohibited from engaging in the business of 
banking by any governmental regulatory agency having jurisdiction over the 
Bank or the Company.

For purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall not be deemed to be in 
breach of this Agreement for his failure to substantially perform his 
duties under this Agreement where such failure results because of 
Executives Disability within the meaning of Section 6(a). In such case, 
termination of Executive shall be governed by the provisions of Section 
6(a). Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause 
unless and until there has been delivered to Executive a copy of the 
resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than 
three-fourths (3/4ths) of the entire membership of the Board of Directors 
of the Bank, at a meeting of the Board of Directors called and held for 
such purpose, finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board of 
Directors Executive was guilty of the conduct set forth in clauses (i), 
(ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and specifying the particulars thereof in 
detail.

(d) Good Reason. Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason (as 
hereinafter defined) by providing Notice of Termination to the Bank within 
one hundred and twenty (120) days after Executive has actual knowledge of 
the occurrence, without the written consent of Executive, of one of the 
events set forth below, and such termination will not be a breach of this 
Agreement and will entitle Executive to the compensation and benefits 
described in Section 8(a) hereof. For purposes of this Agreement Good 
Reason shall mean any of the following:

(i) the assignment to Executive of any duties materially and adversely 
inconsistent with Executives status as Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer of the Bank or a material and adverse alteration in the 
nature of Executives authority, duties or responsibilities;
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) the reduction by the Bank of Executives Base Salary;

(iii) the requirement that Executive be based permanently or indefinitely 
at any office or location that is more than 50 miles from the Banks 
current location in Baton Rouge, Louisiana except for travel reasonably 
required in the performance of Executives responsibilities; or

(iv) the failure of any successor to the Bank or the Company to assume this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 14.

(e) Without Cause. The Bank has the right to terminate Executives 
employment under this Agreement without Cause by providing Executive with a 
Notice of Termination, subject to the obligations set forth in Section 8(a) 
hereof.

(f) Voluntary Termination. Executive may voluntarily terminate employment 
with the Bank at any time, and if such termination is not for Good Reason, 
then, Executive shall only be entitled to compensation and benefits as 
described in Section 8(b) hereof.

7. Termination Procedure.

(a) Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executives employment by the 
Bank or by Executive during the Employment Period (other than termination 
pursuant to Section 6) will be communicated by written Notice of 
Termination to the other party in accordance with Section 15. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which 
indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon 
and sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to 
provide a basis for termination of Executives employment.

(b) Date of Termination. Date of Termination shall mean (i) if 
Executives employment is terminated by his death, the date of his death, 
(ii) if Executives employment is terminated due to Disability pursuant to 
Section 6(a), thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination (provided that 
Executive has not returned to the substantial performance of his duties on 
a fulltime basis during such 30-day period), (iii) if Executives 
employment is terminated for Good Reason pursuant to Section 6, the date 
provided in such Section, or (iv) if Executives employment is terminated 
for any other reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or 
any later date (within thirty (30) days after the giving of such Notice of 
Termination) set forth in such Notice of Termination.

8. Compensation Upon Termination or During Disability. In the event of 
Executives Disability or termination of his employment under this 
Agreement during the Employment Period, the Bank will provide Executive 
with the payments and benefits set forth below. Executive agrees that the 
Bank has the right to deduct any amounts owed by Executive to the Bank for 
any reason, including, without limitation, Executives misappropriation of 
Bank funds, from the payments set forth in this Section 8.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a) Termination by the Bank Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 
If Executives employment is terminated by the Bank without Cause or by 
Executive for Good Reason:

(i) the Bank will, on the 10th business day following the Date of 
Termination, pay to Executive in a single lump-sum payment one-half of his 
Base Salary for that year and accrued vacation pay through the Date of 
Termination.

(ii) the Bank will maintain in full force and effect, for the continued 
benefit of Executive (and his spouse and/or his dependents, as applicable) 
for a period of three (3) months following the Date of Termination, the 
medical, hospitalization, and dental programs in which Executive (and his 
spouse and/or his dependents, as applicable) participated immediately prior 
to the Date of Termination, at the level in effect and upon substantially 
the same terms and conditions (including, without limitation, contributions 
required by Executive for such benefits) as existed immediately prior to 
the Date of Termination; provided, if Executive (or his spouse) is eligible 
for Medicare or a similar type of governmental medical benefit, such 
benefit shall be the primary provider before Bank medical benefits are 
provided. If Executive (or his spouse and/or his dependents, as applicable) 
cannot continue to participate in the Bank programs providing such 
benefits, the Bank shall use its best efforts to assist Executive in 
locating the economic equivalent of such benefits which they otherwise 
would have been entitled to receive under such plans and programs. If 
Executive becomes employed by another employer and is eligible to receive 
medical, hospitalization and dental benefits under another employer 
provided plan, the medical, hospitalization and dental benefits described 
herein shall be secondary to those provided under such other plan during 
the applicable period;

(iii) the Bank will, within thirty (30) days following the Date of 
Termination, reimburse Executive, pursuant to the Banks policy, for his 
reasonable business expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to the Date of 
Termination; and

(iv) Executive will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or 
benefits as may be due to Executive following such termination to which he 
is otherwise entitled in accordance with the terms and provisions of any 
plans or programs of the Bank.

(b) Termination by the Bank for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason. 
If Executives employment is terminated by the Bank for Cause or by 
Executive (other than for Good Reason):

(i) the Bank will, within thirty (30) days following the Date of 
Termination, pay to Executive his Base Salary and his accrued vacation pay 
(to the extent required by law or the Banks vacation policy) through the 
Date of Termination;

(ii) the Bank will, within thirty (30) days following the Date of 
Termination, reimburse Executive, pursuant to the Banks policy, for his 
reasonable business expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to the Date of 
Termination, unless such termination resulted from a misappropriation of 
Bank funds; and
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) Executive will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or 
benefits as may be due to Executive following termination to which he is 
otherwise entitled in accordance with the terms and provisions of any plans 
or programs of the Bank.

(c) Disability. During any period that Executive fails to perform his 
duties under this Agreement as a result of incapacity due to Disability, 
Executive will continue to receive his full Base Salary set forth in 
Section 5(a) until his employment is terminated pursuant to Section 6(a). 
In the event Executive s employment is terminated for Disability pursuant 
to Section 6(a):

(i) the Bank will (A) within thil1y (30) days following the Date of 
Termination, pay to Executive his Base Salary and accrued vacation pay 
through the Date of Termination and (B) provide Executive with disability 
benefits pursuant to the terms of the Banks disability programs and/or 
practices;

(ii) the Bank will, within thirty (30) days following the Date of 
Termination, reimburse Executive, pursuant to the Banks policy, for 
reasonable business expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to the Date of 
Termination; and

(iii) Executive will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or 
benefits as may be due to Executive following such termination to which he 
is otherwise entitled in accordance with the terms and provisions of any 
plans or programs of the Bank.

(d) Death. If Executives employment is terminated by his death, the Bank 
will, within thirty (30) days following Executives death, pay in a 
lump-sum to Executives beneficiary, legal representatives or estate, as 
the case may be, Executives earned but unpaid Base Salary as of the date 
of death, accrued vacation and unreimbursed business expenses and amounts 
due under any plans, programs or arrangements of the Bank through the Date 
of Termination.

9. Termination Following a Change of Control. Notwithstanding anything in 
this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Change of Control, 
Executive may terminate employment for any reason during the 90-day period 
immediately following his continued employment for twelve (12) months after 
the effective date of the Change of Control, and such termination shall be 
deemed to be a termination for Good Reason for all purposes of this 
Agreement, including the provisions of Section 8(a). For purposes of this 
Agreement, Change of Control shall mean

(a) a change during any 12-month period in the ownership of the capital 
stock of the Bank, whereby a corporation, partnership, other entity, 
person, or group acting in concel1 (a Person) as described in Section 
14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange 
Act), holds or acquires, directly or indirectly, beneficial ownership 
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of a number of 
shares of capital stock of the Bank or the Company, as the case may be, 
which constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting 
power of the Bank then outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally 
in the election of directors;
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) the consummation of any merger, consolidation, share exchange or 
reorganization plan involving the Bank, as the case may be, in which the 
Bank, as applicable, is not the surviving entity, other than the 
Reorganization; or

(c) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a 
series of related transactions, of more than 50% of the combined assets of 
the Bank to any person or to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank or to 
any Affiliate (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of any of the foregoing; or

(d) individuals who constituted the Board of Directors of the Bank on 
September 1, 2008 (together with any new directors whose election by the 
Board of Directors of the Bank or the Company, as the case may be, or whose 
nomination for election by the Banks stockholders, as applicable, was 
approved by a vote of at least a majority of the members of the Board of 
Directors then in office who either were members of the Board of Directors 
of the Bank on September 1, 2008 or whose election or nomination for 
election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute a 
majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Bank, as the case 
may be, then in office; provided, that the following events shall not 
constitute a Change of Control:

(i) the acquisition of shares of capital stock of the Bank by the Bank or 
any of their subsidiaries or Affiliates;

(ii) the acquisition of shares of capital stock of the Bank by any employee 
benefit plan (or trust) sponsored or maintained by the Bank or any of its 
subsidiaries or affiliates;

(iii) any transfer of shares of capital stock by gift, devise or descent by 
a stockholder to a Family Member or trust established or maintained for the 
benefit of a stockholder or any Family Member; or

(iv) the acquisition of shares of capital stock by any officer or employee 
of the Bank pursuant to any stock option plan established by the Bank or 
the Company.

For purposes of this Agreement, the term Family Member means a member of 
the family of a stockholder who is eligible to be treated as a single 
shareholder pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code.

10. Noncompete; Confidential Information; Non-Solicitation.

(a) Noncompete. Ancillary to the enforceable promises set forth in this 
Agreement, as well as to protect the vital interests described in those 
Sections, Executive agrees that during the Employment Period, Executive 
will not, without the prior written consent of the Bank, directly or 
indirectly, alone or for his own account, or as owner, partner, investor, 
member, trustee, officer, director, shareholder, employee, consultant, 
distributor, advisor, representative or agent of any partnership, joint 
venture, corporation, trust or other business organization or entity,
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) acquire, charter, operate or enter into any franchise or other 
management agreement with any financial institution;

(ii) serve as an officer, director, employee, agent or consultant to any 
financial institution; or

(iii) establish or operate a branch or other office of a financial 
institution; for purposes of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, such 
limitation shall apply to any financial institution that has a main office, 
branch or loan production office within any Parish in which the Bank has an 
office.

(b) Nondisclosure of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges that 
it is the policy of the Bank to maintain as secret and confidential (i) all 
valuable and unique information, (ii) other information heretofore or 
hereafter acquired by the Bank, or any affiliated entity and deemed by it 
to be confidential, and (iii) information developed or used by the Bank or 
any affiliated entity relating to the business, operations, employees and 
customers of the Bank, or any affiliated entity including, but not limited 
to, any customer lists or employee information (all such information 
described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, other than information 
which is known to the public or becomes known to the public through no 
fault of Executive, is hereinafter referred to as Confidential Information
). The parties recognize that the services to be performed by Executive 
pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique and that by reason of his 
employment by the Bank after the date hereof, Executive has acquired and 
will acquire Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such 
Confidential Information is the property of the Bank. Accordingly, at any 
time during or after the Employment Period, Executive shall not, except in 
the proper performance of his duties under this Agreement, directly or 
indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Bank, disclose to any 
Person other than the Bank, whether or not such a Person is a competitor of 
the Bank, and shall use his best efforts to prevent the publication or 
disclosure of any Confidential Information obtained by, or which has come 
to the knowledge of, Executive prior or subsequent to the date hereof. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may disclose to other Persons, as 
part of his occupation, information with respect to the Bank or any 
affiliated entity, which (i) is of a type generally not considered by 
standards of the banking industry to be proprietary, or (ii) is otherwise 
consented to in writing by the Bank.

(c) Non-Solicitation. Executive shall not, during the Employment Period, 
either personally or by or through his agent or by letters, circulars or 
advertisements and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, 
seek to persuade any employee of the Bank or any affiliated entity or any 
Person who was an employee of the Bank or any affiliated entity to 
discontinue his or her status or employment with the Bank, the Company or 
such affiliated entity or to become employed in a business or activities 
likely to be competitive with the Bank or any affiliated entity. 
Additionally, Executive shall not, for himself or on behalf of any person, 
directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, divert or attempt to solicit or divert 
any customer of the Bank or any affiliated entity (who was a customer of 
the Bank on the Termination Date) for so long as the customer remains a 
customer of the Bank or such affiliated entity during the term of this 
Agreement, or (ii) solicit or direct any former customer of the Bank or any 
affiliated entity for the purpose of refinancing a loan originated by the 
Bank or an affiliated entity for such former customer.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Obligations of Executive Upon Termination. Upon termination of this 
Agreement for any reason, Executive shall return to the Bank all documents 
and copies of documents in his possession relating to any Confidential 
Information including, but not limited to, internal and external business 
forms, manuals, correspondence, notes and computer programs, and Executive 
shall not make or retain any copy or extract of any of the foregoing. In 
addition, in the event Executives employment is terminated for Cause, 
Executive shall resign from all offices and positions held with the Bank.

(e) Remedies. Executive acknowledges and understands that paragraphs 11(a), 
(b), (c) and (d) and the other provisions of this Agreement are of a 
special and unique nature, the loss of which cannot be adequately 
compensated for in damages by an action at law, and that the breach or 
threatened breach of the provisions of this Agreement would cause the Bank 
irreparable harm. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by 
Executive of the provisions of this Agreement, the Bank shall be entitled 
to an injunction restraining him from such breach. Nothing contained in 
this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting the Bank from pursuing, or 
limiting the Banks ability to pursue, any other remedies available for any 
breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by Executive. The provision 
of this Agreement relating to arbitration of disputes shall not be 
applicable to the Bank to the extent it seeks an injunction in any court to 
restrain Executive from violating paragraphs 11(a), (b), (c) and (d) 
hereof.

(f) Continuing Operation. Except as specifically provided in this Section 
10, the termination of Executives employment or of this Agreement will 
have no effect on the continuing operation of this Section 10.

11. Release. Executive agrees, if his employment is terminated under 
circumstances entitling him to payments under Section 8(a) of this 
Agreement, that in consideration for the payments described in Section 
8(a), he will execute a General Release in substantially the form of 
Exhibit A attached hereto, through which Executive releases the Bank and 
the Company from any and all claims as may relate to or arise out of his 
employment relationship (excluding claims Executive may have under any 
employee pension plan as described in Section 3(3) of ERISA or any claims 
under this Agreement). The form of the Release may be modified as needed to 
reflect changes in the applicable law or regulations that are needed to 
provide a legally enforceable and binding Release to the Bank at the time 
of execution.

12. Indemnification and Insurance. Executive shall be indemnified and held 
harmless by the Bank or the Company, as the case may be, during the term of 
this Agreement and following any termination of this Agreement for any 
reason whatsoever in the same manner as would any other key management 
employee of the Bank or the Company with respect to acts or omissions 
occurring prior to (a) the termination of this Agreement or (b) the 
termination of 10 employment of Executive. In addition, during the term of 
this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years following the termination 
of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall be covered by 
a directors and officers liability insurance policy covering acts or 
omissions occurring prior to (a) the termination of this Agreement or (b) 
the termination of employment of Executive, to the extent such coverage is 
reasonably available.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. Arbitration; Legal Fees and Expenses.

(a) Executive recognizes that differences may arise between him and the 
Bank during or following his employment with the Bank, and that those 
differences may or may not be related to his employment. Executive 
acknowledges that by entering into this Agreement, he anticipates gaining 
the benefits of a speedy, impartial dispute-resolution procedure for 
resolving any and all disputes between himself and the Bank. 
Notwithstanding Section (f) hereof, this Section 13 shall be governed by 
the laws of the State of Louisiana as further modified by Section (b) 
hereof.

(b) Executive and the Bank consent to the resolution by final and binding 
arbitration of any claim, controversy, or dispute (Claim(s)) between 
Executive and Bank, whether or not such Claims arise out of or relate to 
his employment by Bank, in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules 
of the American Arbitration Association in effect on the date the claim or 
controversy arises. The Claims covered by this Section 13 include, but are 
not limited to, claims for wages or other compensation due; claims for 
breach of any contract or covenant (express or implied); tort claims 
(including, but not limited to, invasion of privacy, intentional infliction 
of emotional distress, assault, battery, fraud, negligence, gross 
negligence, negligent hiring or retention); claims of discrimination 
(including, but not limited to, race, gender, sexual harassment, religion, 
national origin, age, marital status, or medical condition, handicap or 
disability); claims for benefits (except where an employee benefit or 
pension plan specifies that its claims procedure shall culminate in an 
arbitration procedure different from this one); and claims for violation of 
any federal, state, or other governmental law, statute, regulation, or 
ordinance, except claims excluded in the following paragraph.

(c) Executive and the Bank understand that claims for workers compensation 
or unemployment compensation benefits are not covered by this Agreement. 
Moreover, although Executive is prohibited from filing a lawsuit concerning 
Claims covered by this Agreement, Executive understands that this Section 
13 shall not prohibit him from filing a charge or complaint with any 
governmental agency. Finally, Executive understands that this Section 13 
does not apply with respect to any claims that the Bank may have against 
Executive relating to the operation of and the enforcement of Section 10 
hereof.

(d) Either party may initiate an arbitration proceeding by delivery of 
written notice to the other party hereto. Resolution of such dispute shall 
be resolved by a majority vote of a panel of three arbitrators. Within 
sixty (60) days after giving or receiving a demand for arbitration, the 
Bank and Executive shall each select one arbitrator. Such arbitrators shall 
be freely selected and the parties shall not be limited in their selection 
to any prescribed list. The arbitrators chosen by the Bank and Executive 
shall, by mutual consent, select the third arbitrator. Except as otherwise 
agreed upon by the Parties, the arbitration shall convene in Baton Rouge, 
Louisiana.

(e) The decision of the arbitrators shall be in writing and presented in 
separate findings of fact and law. The award of the arbitrators shall be 
final and binding on the parties from which no appeal maybe taken and an 
order confirming the award or judgment upon the award may be entered into 
in any court having jurisdiction there over.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Prior to the appointment of the arbitrators, the Bank or Executive may 
seek provisional remedies, including, without limitation, temporary 
restraining orders and preliminary injunctions. After the appointment of 
the arbitrators, the arbitrators shall have sole authority to grant such 
provisional remedies as the arbitrators, in their sole discretion, deem 
necessary or appropriate.

(g) The arbitrators shall have the authority to award any relief permitted 
by relevant federal or state statute, including, without limitation, back 
wages, front wages, actual damages, compensatory damages, punitive damages, 
attorneys fees, and costs associated with the arbitration proceeding. The 
arbitrators, in the award, may assess the fees and expenses of the 
arbitrators and of the arbitration proceeding and the witness and 
attorneys fees of the parties or any part thereof, against either the Bank 
or Executive or both of them, taking into account the circumstances of the 
case. Except as assessed by the arbitrators in the award, Bank and 
Executive shall each bear their own attorneys fees and one-half each of the 
arbitration fees and expenses in connection with the
on-going arbitration proceedings.

(h) Executive and the Bank acknowledge and agree that a party making a 
Claim pursuant to or arising under this Section 13 must give written notice 
of such Claim within one (l) year of the occurrence of the event or conduct 
giving rise to the claim. Failure to give notice of any claim within one 
(1) year shall constitute a waiver of the Claim, even if there is a federal 
or state statute of limitations which would have given more time to pursue 
the Claim.

(i) Except with respect to claims described in Sections 13(c), Executive 
and Bank acknowledge and agree that the arbitrators, and not any federal, 
state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve 
any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability 
or formation of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any claim 
that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable. Such 
arbitrators shall have jurisdiction to hear and rule on pre-hearing 
disputes, and are authorized to hold pre-hearing conferences by telephone 
or in person as the arbitrator deems necessary. The arbitrators shall have 
the authority to entertain a motion to dismiss and/or a motion for summary 
judgment by any party and shall apply the standards governing such motions 
under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrators shall apply the 
substantive law (and the law of remedies, if applicable) of the state in 
which the Claim arose, or federal law, or both, as applicable to the 
Claim(s) asserted. The Federal Rules of Evidence shall apply to the 
arbitration proceeding.

14. Agreement Binding on Successors.

(a) The Banks Successors. The Bank shall use its best efforts to require 
any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, 
reorganization, sale, transfer of stock, consolidation or otherwise) to all 
or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Bank or the 
Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same 
manner and to the same extent that the Bank would be required to perform it 
if no succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, the Bank 
means the Bank, and any successor to the Banks business and/or assets (by 
merger, purchase or otherwise) which executes and delivers the agreement 
provided for in this Section 14 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the 
terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Executives Successors. No rights or obligations of Executive under 
this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by Executive other than his 
rights to payments or benefits under this Agreement, which may be 
transferred only by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Upon 
Executives death, this Agreement and all rights of Executive under this 
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executives 
beneficiary or beneficiaries, personal or legal representatives, or estate, 
to the extent any such person succeeds to Executives interests under this 
Agreement. Executive will be entitled to select and change a beneficiary or 
beneficiaries to receive any benefit or compensation payable under this 
Agreement following Executives death by giving the Bank written notice 
thereof in a form acceptable to the Bank. In the event of Executives death 
or a judicial determination of his incompetence, reference in this 
Agreement to Executive shall be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to his 
beneficiary(ies), estate or other legal representative(s). If Executive 
should die following his Date of Termination while any amounts would still 
be payable to him under this Agreement if he had continued to live, unless 
otherwise provided, all such amounts shall be paid in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement to such person or persons so appointed in writing 
by Executive, or otherwise to his legal representatives or estate.

15. Notice. For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all 
other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered either personally or 
by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to Executive:

At his last known address
evidenced on the Banks
payroll records.

If to the Bank:

Business First Bank
5110 Corporate Boulevard
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70808

or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the others in 
writing in accordance with this Agreement, except that notices of change of 
address shall be effective only upon receipt.

16. Withholding. All payments hereunder will be subject to any required 
withholding of federal, state and local taxes pursuant to any applicable 
law or regulation.

17. Restrictions Upon Funding. The Bank shall have no obligation to set 
aside, earmark or entrust any fund or money with which to pay its 
obligations under this Agreement. The Executive or any 
successor-in-interest to Executive shall be and remain simply a general 13 
creditor of the Bank in the same manner as any other creditor having a 
general unsecured claim. For purposes of the Code, the Bank intends this 
Agreement to be an unfunded, unsecured promise to pay on the part of the 
Bank. For purposes of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (ERISA), the Bank intends that this Agreement not be subject to
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ERISA. If it is deemed subject to ERISA, it is intended to be an unfunded 
arrangement for the benefit of a select member of management, who is a 
highly compensated employee of the Bank for the purpose of qualifying this 
Agreement for the top hat plan exception under sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) 
and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. At no time shall the Executive have or be deemed to 
have any lien nor right, title or interest in or to any specific investment 
or to any assets of the Bank. If the Bank elects to invest in a life 
insurance, disability or annuity policy upon the life of Executive, the 
Executive shall assist the Bank by freely submitting to a physical 
examination and supplying such additional information necessary to obtain 
such insurance or annuities.

18. Miscellaneous. No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, 
modified, or waived unless agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and 
by a duly authorized officer of the Bank. No waiver by either party of any 
breach by the other party of any condition or provision of this Agreement 
shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions 
at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. The respective rights and 
obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall survive Executives 
termination of employment and the termination of this Agreement to the 
extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and 
obligations. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of 
this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Louisiana 
without regard to its conflicts of law principles.

19. Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or 
provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability 
of any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force 
and effect.

20. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

21. Section Headings. The section headings in this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only, and they form no part of this Agreement and 
will not affect its interpretation.

22. Entire Agreement. Except as provided elsewhere herein, this Agreement 
sets forth the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to its subject 
matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, 
arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral 
or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party to this 
Agreement with respect to such subject matter.

23. Voluntary Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that each has carefully 
read this agreement, that each has had an opportunity to consult with his 
or its attorney concerning the meaning, import and legal significance of 
this Agreement, that each understands its terms, that all understandings 
and agreements between Executive and the Bank relating to the subjects 
covered in this Agreement are contained in it, and that each has entered 
into the Agreement voluntarily and not in reliance on any promises or 
representations by the other than those contained in this Agreement.

(Signature Page Follows)
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Signature Page to Executive Employment Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date 
first above written.
 

 BUSINESS FIRST BANK

/s/ Charles E. Roemer, III
Charles E. Roemer, III, President and
Chief Executive Officer
/s/ Steven Champney
Steven Champney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

NOTICE. Various laws, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 
the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978, the 
Equal Pay Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in 
Employment Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans With 
Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and the 
Veterans Reemployment Rights Act (all as amended from time to time), 
prohibit employment discrimination based on sex, race, color, national 
origin, religion, age, disability, eligibility for covered employee 
benefits and veteran status. You may also have rights under laws such as 
the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act of 1990, the Worker Adjustment and 
Retraining Act of 1988, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family and 
Medical Leave Act, the Occupational Health and Safety Act and other 
federal, state and/or municipal statutes, orders or regulations pertaining 
to labor, employment and/or employee benefits. These laws are enforced 
through the United States Department of Labor and its agencies, including 
the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), and various state and 
municipal labor departments, fair employment boards, human rights 
commissions and similar agencies.

This General Release is being provided to you in connection with the 
Executive Employment Agreement between you and Business First Bank dated 
August             , 2008 (the Agreement). The federal Older Worker 
Benefit Protection Act requires that you have at least twenty-one (21) 
days, if you desire it, to consider whether you wish to sign a release such 
as this one in connection with a special, individualized severance package. 
You have until the close of business twenty-one (21) days from the date you 
receive this General Release to make your decision. You may not sign this 
General Release until, at the earliest, your official date of separation 
from employment.


BEFORE EXECUTING THIS GENERAL RELEASE YOU SHOULD REVIEW THESE DOCUMENTS 
CAREFULLY AND CONSULT WITH YOUR ATTORNEY.

You may revoke this General Release within seven (7) days after you sign it 
and it shall not become effective or enforceable until that revocation 
period has expired. If you do not accept the severance package and sign and 
return this General Release, or if you exercise your right to revoke the 
General Release after signing it, you will not be eligible for the special, 
individualized severance package. Any revocation must be in writing and 
must be received by Business First Bank, 5110 Corporate Boulevard, Baton 
Rouge, Louisiana 70808, within the 7-day period following your execution of 
this General Release.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERAL RELEASE

In consideration of the special, individualized severance package offered 
to me by Business First Bank and the separation benefits I will receive as 
reflected in the Executive Employment Agreement between me and Business 
First Bank dated August             , 2008 (the Agreement), I hereby 
release and discharge Business First Bank and its predecessors, successors, 
affiliates, parent, subsidiaries and partners and each of those entities 
employees, officers, directors and agents (hereafter collectively referred 
to as the Bank) from all claims, liabilities, demands, and causes of 
action, known or unknown, fixed or contingent, which I may have or claim to 
have against the Bank either as a result of my past employment with the 
Bank and/or the severance of that relationship and/or otherwise, and hereby 
waive any and all rights I may have with respect to and promise not to file 
a lawsuit to assert any such claims.

This General Release includes, but is not limited to, claims arising under 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, 
the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978, the Equal Pay Act, the Civil 
Rights Act of 1991 , the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the 
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act or 1974 and the Veterans 
Reemployment Rights Act (all as amended from time to time). This General 
Release also includes, but is not limited to, any rights I may have under 
the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, the Worker Adjustment and 
Retraining Act of 1988, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family and 
Medical Leave Act, the Occupational Health and Safety Act and any other 
federal , state and/or municipal statutes, orders or regulations pertaining 
to labor, employment and/or employee benefits. This General Release also 
applies to any claims or rights I may have growing out of any legal or 
equitable restrictions on the Banks rights not to continue an employment 
relationship with its employees, including any express or implied 
employment contracts, and to any claims I may have against the Bank for 
fraudulent inducement or misrepresentation, defamation, wrongful 
termination or other retaliation claims in connection with workers 
compensation or alleged whistleblower status or on any other basis 
whatsoever.

It is specifically agreed, however, that this General Release does not have 
any effect on any rights or claims I may have against the Bank which arise 
after the date I execute this General Release or on any vested rights I may 
have under any of the Banks qualified or non-qualified benefit plans or 
arrangements as of or after my last day of employment with the Bank, or on 
any of the Banks obligations under the Agreement or as otherwise required 
under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1985 
(COBRA).

I have carefully reviewed and fully understand all the provisions of the 
Agreement and General Release, including the foregoing Notice. I have not 
relied on any representation or statement, oral or written, by the Bank or 
any of its representatives, which is not set forth in those documents.

The Agreement and this General Release, including the foregoing Notice, set 
forth the entire agreement between me and the Bank with respect to this 
subject. I understand that my receipt and retention of the separation 
benefits covered by the Agreement are contingent not only on my execution 
of this General Release, but also on my continued compliance with my other 
obligations under the Agreement. I acknowledge that the Bank gave me 
twenty-one (21) days to
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
consider whether I wish to accept or reject the separation benefits I am 
eligible to receive under the Agreement in exchange for this General 
Release. I also acknowledge that the Bank advised me to seek independent 
legal advice as to these matters, if I chose to do so. I hereby represent 
and state that I have taken such actions and obtained such information and 
independent legal or other advice, if any, that I believed were necessary 
for me to fully understand the effects and consequences of the Agreement 
and General Release prior to signing those documents.

Dated this          day of             , 2008.
 
 
 
  	
  	
 
2