 EX-10.2 3 ex102chaseparkdeedtrust.htm EXHIBIT


EXHIBIT 10.2













                                                    
Space Above for Recorder’s Use Only

DOCUMENT COVER SHEET

Title of the Document:
Deed of Trust, Fixture Filing, Assignment of Rents, and Security Agreement

Date of the Document    August 11, 2014

Grantor’s Name:        Chase Park Plaza Hotel, LLC
Mailing Address:        15601 Dallas Parkway, Suite 600
Addison, TX 75001-6026


Grantee’s Name:        Great American Life Insurance Company
Mailing Address:        c/o American Real Estate Capital
Two Alhambra Plaza, Suite 1280
Coral Gables, FL 33134
                

Legal Description:        See Exhibit A, Attached

Reference Book and
Page Number:        N/A







114560.00401/12411731v.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------






RECORDING REQUESTED BY 
AND WHEN RECORDED MAIL TO:


GREAT AMERICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
c/o American Real Estate Capital  
Two Alhambra Plaza, Suite 1280  
Coral Gables, Florida 33134
Attention: Karin Chan

INSTRUCTIONS TO RECORDER:
Index this document as (1) a deed of trust; (2) an assignment
of rents; (3) a security agreement; and (4) a fixture filing
_____________________________________________________________________________________


(Space above this line for City Clerk’s use)



DEED OF TRUST, FIXTURE FILING, ASSIGNMENT OF


RENTS, AND SECURITY AGREEMENT


THIS DEED OF TRUST, FIXTURE FILING, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, AND SECURITY 
AGREEMENT (the "Deed of Trust") is executed on the date of the 
acknowledgement below, and effective as of August 11, 2014, by CHASE PARK 
PLAZA HOTEL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Grantor"), having 
an address at 15601 Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001-6026, 
Attention: Chief Legal Officer, in favor of JACOB W. REBY, ESQUIRE 
("Trustee") whose address is c/o Lewis Rice Fingersh, 600 Washington 
Avenue, Suite 2500, St. Louis, Missouri 61301-1311, for the benefit of 
GREAT AMERICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, an Ohio corporation 
("Beneficiary"), having an address at c/o American Real Estate Capital, Two 
Alhambra Plaza, Suite 1280, Coral Gables, Florida 33134.


GRANTOR IRREVOCABLY GRANTS, BARGAINS, SELLS, CONVEYS, TRANSFERS AND ASSIGNS 
TO TRUSTEE, IN TRUST, WITH POWER OF SALE and right of entry and possession, 
all of Grantor's present and future estate, right, title and interest in 
and to the following described property (collectively, the "Property"):


(A)    The following described real property located at 212-232 North 
Kingshighway Boulevard, in the City of St. Louis, State of Missouri:


See Exhibit "A" attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.


The street or common address of the real property is 212-232 North 
Kingshighway Boulevard in the City of St. Louis, State of Missouri (“Real 
Property”):


 and


(B)    All Buildings, Fixtures, Leases, Easements, Rents and Profits, 
Development Rights, Property Proceeds, Property Claims, Insurance Proceeds, 
Insurance Claims, Condemnation Proceeds,



2    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Condemnation Claims, Government Permits, Operational Licenses, Franchise 
Agreements, Liquor Licenses, Water Rights, Contracts, Mineral Rights, and 
Crops (as each of such terms is defined in Article 1 of this Deed of Trust) 
and all other or greater rights and interests of every nature of Grantor in 
the Property or otherwise and all income therefrom, whether now owned or 
hereafter acquired by Grantor.


THIS DEED OF TRUST SECURES THE FOLLOWING INDEBTEDNESS AND OBLIGATIONS 
(collectively, the "Obligations") in such order of priority as Beneficiary 
may from time to time elect:


(1)    Payment and performance of Grantor's indebtedness and obligations 
under the promissory note of even date herewith in the original face 
principal amount of SIXTY-TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND and 00/100 
DOLLARS ($62,500,000.00) executed by Grantor and payable to Beneficiary 
("Loan"), or order, and all extensions, renewals, modifications, and 
replacements thereof (collectively, the "Note");


(2)    Payment and performance of Grantor's indebtedness and obligations 
under the Loan Documents, including without limitation, this Deed of Trust 
and all extensions, renewals, and modifications of all such Loan Documents;


(3)    Payment of all sums of money which may be advanced by, or otherwise 
due to, Trustee or Beneficiary under any provision of this Deed of Trust or 
to protect the collateral and security of this Deed of Trust, with interest 
thereon at the rate provided in this Deed of Trust;


(4)    Payment and performance of any future advances and obligations and 
liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Grantor owed to Beneficiary that 
Beneficiary may elect to make to Grantor, or the record owner of the Real 
Property, in respect of the Property, whether now existing or hereafter 
arising, and all extensions, renewals, modifications, and replacements 
thereof, or any part thereof (such future advances, obligation, and 
liabilities are referred to individually, as a "Future Advance," and 
collectively, as the "Future Advances"); and


(5)    Payment and performance of Grantor's indebtedness and obligations 
under all other existing and future agreements executed by Grantor in 
connection with the Loan evidenced by the Note or in connection with any 
Future Advance, with interest thereon at the rate provided in such 
agreements, when such agreement specifically states that it is secured by 
this Deed of Trust, and all extensions, renewals, and modifications of such 
agreements.


FOR VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, Grantor agrees as follows:


ARTICLE 1    

DEFINITIONS


For purposes of this Deed of Trust, the following terms shall have the 
following definitions:


1.1    Act.  “Act” means the Uniform Condominium Act of Missouri, Mo. Rev. 
Stat., Chapter 448, Section 448.1-101 et. seq., as amended from time to 
time.


1.2    Association.  “Association” means the organization responsible for 
governing the Condominium as is set forth in the Condominium Documents.



3    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


1.3    Books and Records.   "Books and Records" means all books and records 
in the possession or under the control of Grantor relating to the design, 
construction, improvement, development, use, ownership, operation, 
maintenance, repair, or marketing of the Property, including (a) records, 
including, but not limited to balance sheets and profit and loss 
statements, reflecting the results of operation of the Property; (b) all 
Leases and other documents relating to the Property; (c) annual operating 
budgets and other future projections relating to the Property, and (d) 
Grantor's federal income tax returns.


1.4    Buildings.   "Buildings" means all buildings, structures and other 
improvements of every kind now existing or hereafter located on the land 
which is subjected to the Condominium.


1.5    Bylaws. “Bylaws” means the Bylaws of Park Plaza Master Condominium 
Association, a Missouri nonprofit corporation. 


1.6    Closing Certificate. “Closing Certificate” means that certain 
Closing Certificate and Agreement dated on or about the date hereof 
executed by Grantor for the benefit of Beneficiary.


1.7    Condemnation Claims.   "Condemnation Claims" means all claims, 
actions, causes of action, demands, liens, rights, judgments, settlements, 
awards, compensation, and damages of every kind and nature which Grantor 
now has or which it may hereafter have against any Person, whether arising 
in tort, by contract or statute, or in any other manner, which in any way 
directly or indirectly relate to or arise out of any condemnation of the 
Property or other taking of the Property for public or quasi-public use by 
eminent domain or to the transfer of the Property in lieu of condemnation 
or any such taking.


1.8    Condemnation Proceeds.   "Condemnation Proceeds" means all proceeds 
of the Condemnation Claims, including all money, deposit accounts, 
accounts, notes, drafts, instruments, documents, and all other tangible and 
intangible property resulting from the payment, collection of, recovery on, 
or other disposition of any or all of the Condemnation Claims.


1.9    Condominium. “Condominium” means the condominium established 
pursuant to the Declaration as more fully described herein.


1.10    Condominium Documents  “Condominium” means the documents and 
instruments governing the affairs of the Condominium including, without 
limitation, the Declaration, and the Bylaws enacted as contemplated thereby 
and all rules and regulations enacted thereunder.


1.11    Contracts. "Contracts" means all contracts and agreements now or 
hereafter entered into or otherwise effective, covering or otherwise 
relating to all or any part of the Property, as same may be amended and all 
revenue, income and other benefits thereof, including, without limitation, 
management agreements, license agreements, service contracts, maintenance 
contracts, equipment leases, personal property leases and any contracts or 
documents relating to construction on any part of the Property or to the 
management or operation of any part of the Property.


1.12    Covenants and Restrictions. "Covenants and Restrictions" means all 
covenants, conditions, restrictions, equitable servitudes, and all other 
similar matters now or hereafter affecting the Property, including any 
condominium, planned unit development, or cooperative apartment declaration 
of covenants, conditions and restrictions, by-laws, articles, rules, and 
regulations to which Grantor or the Property is subject or bound.


1.13    Crops.   "Crops" means all crops, trees, shrubs, flowers, 
landscaping features and vines now or hereafter growing or located on the 
land which is subjected to the Condominium.



4    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


1.14    Declaration. “Declaration” means that certain Amended and Restated 
Master Declaration of Condominium for Park Plaza Master Condominium made, 
established and recorded on November 16, 2007 with the City of St. Louis 
Clerk’s Office in Book 11162007-0326, as now or hereinafter amended.


1.15    Development Rights.   "Development Rights" means all existing and 
future development rights, development credits, air rights, and options of 
any kind relating to the Property.


1.16    Easements.   "Easements" means all existing and future easements, 
rights of way, rights, privileges, franchises, tenements, hereditaments, 
appurtenances, licenses, and similar rights relating or appurtenant to the 
Property and all existing and future rights in or to streets, roads, 
sidewalks, alleys, strips and gores adjoining or used in connection with 
the Property.


1.17    Event of Default.   "Event of Default" means any of the events 
described in Article 3 of this Deed of Trust.


1.18    Fixtures.   "Fixtures" means all fixtures, machinery, equipment, 
building materials, and appliances now or hereafter located in, on, 
attached or affixed to, or used in connection with the Real Property or the 
Buildings, including all systems for the supply or distribution of heat, 
air conditioning, electricity, gas, water, air or light; elevators, 
escalators and related machinery and equipment; fire prevention and 
extinguishing equipment and water sprinkler systems; security and access 
control equipment; water heaters, showers, bathtubs, tanks, pumps, toilets, 
sinks, pipes, and other plumbing fixtures and equipment; stoves, ranges, 
refrigerators, dishwashers, and disposals; laundry equipment; engines, 
motors, generators, boilers, furnaces, and incinerators; wall, window, and 
floor coverings, including screens, shades, drapes, and awnings; 
partitions, doors, windows, cabinets, bookcases, and hardware; janitorial, 
maintenance, and waste and rubbish removal equipment; recreational 
equipment; signs; switchboards, telephone systems, and other communication 
equipment; television, radio, and computer cables, antennae, and other 
equipment; chandeliers and other light fixtures; trees, plants and other 
landscaping; and all attachments, substitutions, accessories, accessions, 
replacements, improvements, and additions to any or all of the foregoing, 
all of which shall conclusively be deemed to be part of the Real Property 
and Buildings and conveyed by this Deed of Trust, whether or not affixed or 
attached to the Real Property.


1.19    Franchise Agreement. “Franchise Agreement” means any and all 
franchise agreements with respect to the Property pursuant to which the 
Property is, whether now or any time hereafter, licensed and authorized to 
operate a hotel under the brand referred to in such franchise agreement, it 
being agreed that for purposes of this Deed of Trust that certain Hotel 
Management Agreement dated as of March 29, 2013 executed between Hotel 
Lessee and ARL SL Management LLC (“ARL”) (as same may have been amended) 
shall be regarded as a Franchise Agreement and ARL shall be regarded as the 
franchisor thereunder.


1.20    Governmental Authorities.   "Governmental Authorities" means (a) 
the United States; (b) the state, county, city, or other political 
subdivision in which the Property is located; (c) all other governmental or 
quasi-governmental authorities, boards, bureaus, agencies, commissions, 
departments, administrative tribunals, and other instrumentalities or 
authorities; and (d) all judicial authorities and public utilities having 
or exercising jurisdiction over Grantor or the Property.


1.21    Governmental Permits.   "Governmental Permits" means all permits, 
approvals, and authorizations now or hereafter issued by all Governmental 
Authorities for or in connection with the design, construction, 
improvement, development, use, ownership, operation, maintenance, repair, 
or marketing of the Property, including without limitation, grading 
permits, foundation permits, building permits, tentative subdivision map 
approvals, zone changes, zone variances, conditional use permits, temporary 
certificates of occupancy, and final certificates of occupancy.



5    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


1.22    Governmental Requirements.   "Governmental Requirements" means all 
existing and future laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, orders, and 
requirements of all Governmental Authorities applicable to Grantor or the 
Property, including those respecting the design, construction, improvement, 
development, use, ownership, operation, maintenance, repair, or marketing 
of the Property.


1.23    Ground Lease.   "Ground Lease" means any lease agreement creating a 
leasehold estate which is now or hereafter encumbered by this Deed of 
Trust.


1.24    Guaranties.   "Guaranties" means the guaranty agreement or 
agreements executed by the Guarantors.


1.25    Guarantors.   "Guarantors" means the Person or Persons, if any, now 
or hereafter guaranteeing payment of the Note or payment or performance of 
any or all of the other Obligations.


1.26    Hotel Lease.    “Hotel Lease” means that certain Lease Agreement 
dated March 29, 2013, effective as of February 19, 2013 between Grantor, as 
landlord, and Hotel Lessee, as tenant. 


1.27    Hotel Lessee.    “Hotel Lessee” means CPPH, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company.


1.28    Impositions.   "Impositions" means all (a) Taxes; (b) Insurance 
Premiums; (c) gas, electricity, water, sewer, and other utility charges 
which are incurred for the benefit of the Property or which may become a 
lien against the Property; (d) assessments, charges, and fees imposed 
pursuant to any Covenants and Restrictions; (e) assessments, charges and 
fees payable with respect to any Easements, Water Rights or Development 
Rights; (f) principal, interest, and other amounts payable in connection 
with any Liens; (g) rents and other amounts payable under any Ground Lease; 
and (h) such other taxes, charges, premiums, assessments and impositions 
relating to the Property, the payment of which Beneficiary reasonably 
determines to be necessary to protect Beneficiary's security for the 
Obligations.


1.29    Improvements.   "Improvements" means the Buildings and Fixtures, 
collectively.


1.30    Insurance Claims.   "Insurance Claims" means all claims, actions, 
causes of action, demands, liens, rights, judgments, settlements, awards, 
compensation, and damages of every kind and nature which Grantor now has or 
which may hereafter accrue against any Person, whether arising in tort, by 
contract or statute, or in any other manner, which in any way directly or 
indirectly relate to or arise under any policy of insurance which Grantor 
maintains with respect to the Property or which Grantor is required to 
maintain under this Deed of Trust (collectively, the "Insurance Policies").


1.31    Insurance Proceeds.   "Insurance Proceeds" means all proceeds of 
the Insurance Claims, including all money, deposit accounts, accounts, 
notes, drafts, instruments, documents, and all other tangible and 
intangible property resulting from the payment, collection of, recovery on, 
or other disposition of any or all of the Insurance Claims.


1.32    Insurance Premiums.   "Insurance Premiums" means all premiums and 
other amounts payable in connection with procuring or maintaining the 
Insurance Policies.


1.33    Leases.   "Leases" means all existing and future rental agreements, 
leases, licenses, concessions, occupancy agreements, hotel guest and 
occupancy arrangements, arrangements for banquet and meeting spaces and 
other similar agreements affecting the Property, including all subleases at 
any level, and all amendments, extensions, or agreements of or regarding 
any of the foregoing.



6    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


1.34    Liens.   "Liens" means all mortgages, deeds of trust, mechanics' 
liens, and other liens and encumbrances of every kind and nature, other 
than this Deed of Trust, now or hereafter affecting the Property.


1.35    Liquor Licenses. “Liquor Licenses” means all licenses, permits and 
approvals which are required by Governmental Authorities or are otherwise 
necessary or advisable for the sale and distribution of alcohol at the 
Property.


1.36    Loan Documents.   "Loan Documents" means the Note, this Deed of 
Trust, all promissory notes evidencing any Future Advances, all other 
documents secured by this Deed of Trust, and all other documents executed 
by Grantor or any of the Guarantors and delivered to Beneficiary in 
connection with the Loan or any Future Advance, and all extensions, 
renewals, modifications, and replacements of such documents.


1.37    Mineral Rights.   "Mineral Rights" means all existing and future 
right, title, and interest in and to all minerals, oil, gas and other 
hydrocarbon substances and timber in or on the Property now and in the 
future.


1.38    Operating Licenses. “Operating Licenses” means all licenses, 
permits, authorizations and approvals which are necessary or required for 
the operation of the Property.


1.39    Permitted Encumbrances.  (i) the liens, assignments and security 
interests created by the Loan Documents; (ii) all Liens and other matters 
disclosed in the mortgagee policy of title insurance issued to Beneficiary 
in connection with the Loan; (iii) Liens, if any, for Impositions or other 
charges not yet due and payable and not delinquent; (iv) rights of tenants, 
as tenants only, under leases in existence on the date of this Deed of 
Trust and any leases entered into hereafter in accordance with the 
requirements of the Loan Documents; (v) Permitted Equipment Financing, and 
(vi) such other title and survey exceptions as Beneficiary approves in 
writing in Beneficiary’s sole and absolute discretion.


1.40    Permitted Equipment Financing. Leasing of Fixtures (including, 
without limitation, television sets, telephone equipment, audio-visual 
equipment and computer systems) used in the operation of the Property, 
provided Beneficiary has received prior written notification of Grantor’s 
intent to lease such Fixtures, and provided, further, that (a) any such 
lease is subject to commercially prudent terms and conditions, (ii) the 
Fixtures leased are readily replaceable without material interference or 
interruption to the operation of the Property, and (iii) the aggregate 
maximum amount of liability under such lease of such Fixtures (whether in 
total lease payments then outstanding or due in the event of a termination 
of such lease or otherwise) is less than Two Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($200,000.00).


1.41    Permitted Indebtedness.  “Permitted Indebtedness” means (a) the 
Obligations, (b) Permitted Equipment Financing, (c) unsecured advances or 
trade payables (as defined under GAAP) incurred in the ordinary course of 
business of owning and operating the Property and the administration of 
Grantor, as applicable, provided that such debt is unsecured and (i) is not 
more than sixty (60) days past due and (ii) does not exceed in the 
aggregate (including Permitted Equipment Financing) $700,000.00; (d) 
amounts due for Taxes (provided that the same are not delinquent); and (e) 
amounts due for Insurance Premiums (provided that the same are not 
delinquent).


1.42    Permitted Leases.  “Permitted Leases” means any Lease which (a) is 
for a total area of less than 3,500 square feet; (b) has a term, including 
any extension or renewal options, that is at least five (5) years and does 
not exceed a total of ten (10) years; (c) the form used for such Lease has 
been approved in writing by Beneficiary prior to Grantor's execution of the 
Lease, such form has not been modified, amended or supplemented in any 
material respect, and Beneficiary's approval of such form has not been 
modified or



7    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


revoked at the time the Lease is executed by Grantor; (d) the base rental 
shall be not less than (i) $35.00 per square foot for Leases of space on 
the first floor, (ii) $25.00 per square foot for Leases of space on the 
second floor if to a retail Tenant that is leasing space on the first 
floor, and (iii) $18.00 per square foot for any other Tenant leasing space 
on the second floor; (e) such Lease is unconditionally subordinate to this 
Deed of Trust and contains an attornment provision consistent with Section 
2.22 of this Deed of Trust; (f) no Event of Default has occurred prior to 
Grantor's execution of such Lease; (g) any amounts for tenant improvements 
and/or leasing commissions are consistent with the terms and conditions of 
this Deed of Trust, and (h) Grantor provides Beneficiary with an accurate 
and complete copy of such Lease within five (5) business days after such 
Lease is executed by Grantor.


1.43    Permitted Transfers.  “Permitted Transfers” means any of the 
following: (a) the rental of hotel rooms at the Property to transient 
guests in the ordinary course of business at the Property; (b) the rental 
of meeting rooms, banquet halls and similar facilities on a non-recurring 
basis in the ordinary course of business at the Property; (c) the execution 
of a Lease which has been approved by Beneficiary, in accordance with this 
Deed of Trust; (d) (i) a conversion or reorganization of Behringer Harvard 
Opportunity REIT I, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“REIT”), or (ii) a 
transfer of all of the assets and liabilities of REIT to a Person (REIT, as 
it may be converted, reorganized or the Person to which all such assets and 
liabilities are transferred pursuant to this clause (d), being herein 
referred to as “BH Fund”), but only to the extent with respect to both (i) 
or (ii), (1) the Persons who or which hold interests in REIT prior to such 
conversion, reorganization or transfer continue to hold the same percentage 
interest in the BH Fund immediately after such conversion, reorganization 
or transfer, (2) the Person or Persons who control REIT as of the date of 
this Deed of Trust continue to control the BH Fund after such conversion, 
reorganization or transfer, (3) such conversion, reorganization or transfer 
is done in compliance with all Governmental Requirements, and (4) the BH 
Fund succeeding to or acquiring all of the assets and liabilities of REIT 
executes and delivers to Beneficiary an Indemnity, Guaranty and Suretyship 
Agreement in form and substance substantially similar to the Indemnity, 
Guaranty and Suretyship Agreement dated of even date herewith given by REIT 
to Beneficiary; (e) transfers of ownership interests in BH Fund (including 
specifically, without limitation, transfers of shares in REIT) or in 
Behringer Harvard Opportunity OP I, LP, a Texas limited partnership, 
provided that (i) such transfer shall not result in the transferee 
acquiring the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or 
cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, and (ii) 
BH Fund or REIT, as applicable, shall continue to own and control (directly 
or indirectly) and least fifty-one percent (51%) of all equity interests in 
Borrower; (f) transfers of direct or indirect ownership interests in 
Grantor to any Person, so long as BH Fund, continues to (i) hold 51% or 
greater directly or indirectly in Grantor, (ii) control Grantor (for 
purposes of the foregoing clause, the term “control” as used in this Deed 
of Trust means the possession and/or right, directly or indirectly, of the 
power to direct or cause the direction of the decisions, management or 
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, 
by agreement or otherwise (“Controlled” and “Controlling” each have the 
meanings correlative thereto) and the Person or Persons whom control REIT 
as of the date of this Deed of Trust continue to control REIT or BH Fund; 
(g) the granting of Permitted Encumbrances; and (h) other Transfers (as 
hereinafter defined) expressly permitted under this Deed of Trust by the 
consent of Beneficiary (including specifically, without limitation, Section 
2.19 below).


1.44    Person.   "Person" means any natural person or any entity, 
including any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability 
company, trust, unincorporated organization, trustee, or Governmental 
Authority.


1.45    Preapproved Alterations.  “Preapproved Alterations” means (a) 
non-structural alterations of the Property that preserve or increase the 
value of the Property that cost less than $100,000.00; (b) structural 
alterations of the Property that cost less than $100,000.00 and preserve or 
increase the value of the Property; (c) any tenant improvement work 
performed pursuant to any Lease existing on the date hereof or entered



8    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


into hereafter in accordance with the provisions of this Deed of Trust; or 
(d) alterations performed as part of a restoration after a casualty or 
condemnation in accordance with this Deed of Trust. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in no event shall the Required Renovations or the Replacements 
and Repairs be considered “Preapproved Alterations.”


1.46    Property Claims.   "Property Claims" means all claims, actions, 
causes of action, demands, liens, rights, judgments, settlements, awards, 
compensation, and damages of every kind and nature (other than the 
Insurance Claims and Condemnation Claims) which Grantor now has or which 
may hereafter accrue against any Person, whether arising in tort, by 
contract or statute, or in any other manner, which in any way directly or 
indirectly relate to or arise out of any or all of the following: (a) the 
Property; (b) any existing or future fact, matter, occurrence, or 
transaction relating to the Property; or (c) the design, construction, 
improvement, development, use, ownership, operation, maintenance, repair or 
marketing of the Property.


1.47    Property Proceeds.   "Property Proceeds" means all proceeds of the 
Property Claims, including all money, deposit accounts, accounts, notes, 
drafts, instruments, documents, and all other tangible and intangible 
property resulting from the payment, collection of, recovery on, or other 
disposition of any or all of the Property Claims.


1.48    Rents and Profits.   "Rents and Profits" means all existing and 
future rents, royalties, issues, profits, proceeds, revenues, income and 
other benefits of the Property and all Leases, including all security 
deposits and prepaid rent.


1.49    Rent Roll. "Rent Roll" means the Rent Roll attached to the Closing 
Certificate given by Grantor or Beneficiary as Exhibit E.


1.50    Reserves. "Reserves" means all cash funds, deposit accounts and 
other rights and evidence of rights to cash, now or hereafter created or 
held by Beneficiary pursuant to this Deed of Trust or any other of the Loan 
Documents, including, without limitation, all funds now or hereafter on 
deposit in the Impound Account (as hereinafter defined), Monthly 
Replacement Reserve, Major Physical Items Escrow, TI/LC Escrow, Required 
Renovations Escrow, Immediate Repairs Escrow, accounts which are the 
subject of the Account Agreement and any other reserve or escrow account 
established, pursuant to the terms hereof or of any other Loan Documents.


1.51    Taxes.   "Taxes" means (a) all taxes, bonds, levies and assessments 
now or hereafter affecting the Property, including all general and special 
real and personal property taxes, bonds, and assessments affecting the 
Property; (b) all other taxes, bonds, levies and assessments which now are 
or hereafter may become a lien on the Property, including all income, 
profits, franchise, withholding, and gross receipt taxes; (c) all other 
charges now or hereafter imposed on or assessed against the Property by any 
Governmental Authority or arising with respect to the design, construction, 
improvement, development, use, ownership, operation, maintenance, repair or 
marketing of the Property; and (d) all taxes, bonds, levies, and 
assessments now or hereafter imposed by any Governmental Authorities on 
Trustee or Beneficiary by reason of their respective interests in this Deed 
of Trust, the Note, or any promissory note evidencing a Future Advance, 
excluding any franchise, estate, inheritance, income, or similar tax 
imposed on Beneficiary or Trustee.


1.52    Tenants.   "Tenants" means all tenants and occupants of the 
Property under the Leases.


1.53    Water rights. "Water rights" means all existing and future water, 
water rights (whether riparian, appropriative, or otherwise, and whether or 
not appurtenant), all water stock relating to the Property and all ditch, 
sewer, well, reservoir and drainage rights which are appurtenant to, 
located on, under or above



9    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


or used in connection with the Real Property, or any part thereof, whether 
now existing or hereafter created or acquired.


ARTICLE 2    

COVENANTS OF GRANTOR


2.1    Performance of Secured Obligations.   Grantor shall pay and perform 
each and all of the Obligations in accordance with their respective terms.


2.2    Preservation of the Property.   Grantor (a) shall maintain the 
Property in good condition and repair; (b) shall promptly repair and 
restore in a good and workmanlike manner any part of the Property which may 
be damaged or destroyed, (provided that Insurance Proceeds are made 
available to pay for the cost of such repair and restoration); (c) shall 
comply and cause the Property to comply with the provisions of all 
Insurance Policies; (d) shall comply and cause the Property to comply with 
all Governmental Requirements; (e) shall comply and cause the Property to 
comply with all Covenants and Restrictions; (f) shall maintain all 
Governmental Permits required to operate the Property in the manner in 
which same is currently being operated; (g) shall not initiate, join in or 
consent to any change in the zoning, general plan, specific plan, or any 
other land use classification affecting the Property or any Covenant or 
Restriction without the prior written consent of Beneficiary; (h) except 
for Preapproved Alterations, shall not remove, demolish, improve, add to, 
or alter the Improvements or change the character or use of the Property 
without the prior written consent of Beneficiary (Beneficiary shall respond 
to any request for consent under this Section 2.2(h) within seven (7) days 
of receipt of any such request for consent, which request must be 
accompanied by all information and documentation that Beneficiary may 
reasonably require in order to make its determination with respect to such 
request (“Accompanying Information”). In the event that Beneficiary shall 
fail to respond to any request for consent under this Section 2.2(h) within 
such seven (7) day period, Grantor may send a second request, which shall 
state in capitalized, bold faced 16 point type at the top of the first page 
that: “If Beneficiary fails to approve or disapprove the request within 
five (5) days, such request shall be deemed approved”, and if the 
Beneficiary shall fail to respond to such second request within such five 
(5) day period, the request shall be deemed approved by the Beneficiary, 
provided that the Grantor has provided Beneficiary with the Accompanying 
Information); (i) shall not commit or permit any waste respecting the Loan, 
Property or impairment of the Property; (j) shall not abandon the Property; 
(k) shall not commit and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
prevent any act upon the Property in violation of any Governmental 
Requirements; (l) shall promptly complete all Improvements which Grantor 
commences to construct on the Real Property in a good and workmanlike 
manner; and (m) shall paint, cultivate, irrigate, fertilize, fumigate, 
prune, maintain and do all other acts, in a timely and proper manner, which 
from the character or use of the Property are customary or appropriate to 
preserve, protect and maintain the value of the Property. The covenants and 
obligations under this Section 2.2, and the timely performance thereof, 
shall be performed with time being of the essence. For the avoidance of 
doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Deed 
of Trust or the other Loan Documents, it is expressly agreed that Grantor 
may perform alterations to the Property that are Preapproved Alterations 
without the consent of Beneficiary. Notwithstanding the obligations of the 
Association to effectuate certain structural and system repairs of the 
Master Common Elements (as defined in the Declaration), Grantor shall 
exercise its rights under the Declaration and shall perform all repairs and 
maintenance of the Condominium necessary to maintain the Master Common 
Elements in a manner consistent with the operation of a first class hotel.


2.3    Insurance.   Grantor shall, without cost to Beneficiary, maintain in 
force and effect on the Property at all times while this Deed of Trust 
continues in effect the following insurance:



10    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(1)    Insurance against loss or damage to the Property by fire, windstorm, 
tornado and hail and against loss and damage by such other, further and 
additional risks as may be now or hereafter embraced by an "all-risk" or 
"special form" form of insurance policy. The amount of such insurance shall 
be not less than the replacement cost (insurable value) of the Improvements 
(as established by an MAI appraisal), including costs associated with 
"civil or ordinance of law" requirements and without reduction for 
depreciation. The determination of the replacement cost amount shall be 
adjusted annually to comply with the requirements of the insurer issuing 
such coverage or, at Beneficiary’s election, by reference to such indices, 
appraisals or information as Beneficiary determines in its reasonable 
discretion in order to reflect increased value due to inflation. 
Replacement cost, as used herein, means, with respect to the Improvements, 
the cost of replacing the Improvements without regard to deduction for 
depreciation, exclusive of the cost of excavations, foundations and 
footings below the lowest basement floor. Grantor shall also maintain 
insurance against loss or damage to furniture, furnishings, fixtures, 
equipment and other items (whether personalty or fixtures) included in the 
Property and owned by Grantor from time to time, to the extent applicable, 
in the amount of the cost of replacing the same, in each case, with 
inflation guard coverage to reflect the effect of inflation, or annual 
valuation. Each policy or policies shall contain a replacement cost 
endorsement and either an agreed amount endorsement (to avoid the operation 
of any co-insurance provisions) or a waiver of any co-insurance provisions, 
all subject to Beneficiary’s approval. The maximum deductible shall be 
$25,000.00; provided, however, if the insurance premium for any renewal 
would exceed one hundred ten percent (110%) of the prior year’s insurance 
premium (“Maximum Insurance Premium”), due solely to cost of maintaining a 
$25,000 deductible, Grantor may provide a policy satisfying all of the 
requirements of this Section 2.3 except that the deductible shall be the 
lowest deductible that Grantor can obtain such insurance at a cost equal to 
the Maximum Insurance Premium; provided further that in no event shall the 
deductible be greater than $100,000.00, regardless of whether the premium 
would exceed the Maximum Insurance Premium.


(2)    Commercial General Liability Insurance against claims for personal 
injury, bodily injury, death and property damage occurring on, in or about 
the Property in a combined limit amount not less than $25,000,000.00 per 
occurrence. During any construction on the Property, Grantor’s general 
contractor for such construction shall also provide the insurance required 
in this Subsection (2). Beneficiary hereby retains the right to 
periodically review the amount of said liability insurance being maintained 
by Grantor and to require an increase in the amount of said liability 
insurance should Beneficiary deem an increase to be reasonably prudent 
under then existing circumstances.


(3)    Boiler and machinery insurance is required if steam boilers or other 
pressure-fired vessels are in operation at the Property. Minimum liability 
coverage per accident must equal the greater of the replacement cost 
(insurable value) of the Improvements housing such boiler or pressure-fired 
machinery or $2,000,000.00. If one or more large HVAC units is in operation 
at the Property, "Systems Breakdowns" coverage shall be required, as 
determined by Beneficiary. Minimum liability coverage per accident must 
equal the value of such unit(s).


(4)    If the Improvements or any part thereof are situated in an area now 
or subsequently designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency ("
FEMA") as a special flood hazard area under the National Flood Insurance 
Act of 1968, as amended, flood insurance in an amount equal to the greater 
of: (i) the minimum amount required, under the terms of coverage, to 
compensate for any damage or loss on a replacement basis (or the unpaid 
balance of the Loan if replacement cost coverage is not available for the 
type of building insured); or (ii) the maximum insurance available under 
the appropriate National Flood Insurance Administration program. The 
maximum deductible shall be $5,000.00 per building or a higher minimum 
amount as required by FEMA or other applicable law.



11    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(5)    During the period of any construction, renovation or alteration of 
the Improvements which exceeds the lesser of 10% of the principal amount of 
the Note or $500,000.00, the Beneficiary may require a completed value, 
"All Risk" Builder’s Risk form, or "Course of Construction" insurance 
policy in non-reporting form with replacement cost and no co-insurance, in 
an amount approved by Beneficiary, may be required. During the period of 
any construction of any addition to the existing Improvements, a completed 
value, "All Risk" Builder’s Risk form or "Course of Construction" insurance 
policy in non-reporting form, in an amount approved by Beneficiary, shall 
be required.


(6)    When required by applicable law, ordinance or other regulation, 
Worker’s Compensation and Employer’s Liability Insurance covering all 
persons subject to the workers’ compensation laws of the state in which the 
Property is located, including adequate limits of employer’s liability and 
U.S. longshore and harbor workers’ coverage, if applicable, in amounts as 
agreed with Beneficiary.


(7)    Business income (loss of rents) insurance in amounts sufficient to 
compensate Grantor for all Rents and Profits or income during a period of 
not less than twelve (12) months. The amount of coverage shall be adjusted 
annually to reflect the Rents and Profits or income payable during the 
succeeding twelve (12) months.


(8)    If available on commercially reasonable terms, such other insurance 
on the Property, Improvements or on any replacements or substitutions 
thereof or additions thereto as may from time to time be reasonably 
required by Beneficiary against other insurable hazards, casualties or 
matters which at the time are commonly insured against in the case of 
property similarly situated, including, without limitation, sinkhole, mine 
subsidence, earthquake, environmental and law and ordinance insurance, due 
regard being given to the height and type of buildings, their construction, 
location, use and occupancy or as otherwise required by applicable law, 
provided that such insurance is generally being maintained by prudent 
owners of properties that are comparable to the Property and located in the 
same geographical area as the Property and is typically required by 
institutional lenders making loans on comparable properties.


(9)    In case of Grantor’s failure to keep the Property properly insured 
as required herein, Beneficiary, after notice to Grantor, at its option may 
(but shall not be required to) acquire such insurance as required herein at 
Grantor’s sole expense. Pursuant to Mo.Rev.Stat. § 427.120, Grantor 
acknowledges receipt of the following notice: “Unless you [Grantor] provide 
evidence of the insurance coverage required by your agreement with us 
[Beneficiary], we may purchase insurance at your expense to protect our 
interests in your collateral. This insurance may, but need not, protect 
your interests. The coverage that we purchase may not pay any claim that 
you make or any claim that is made against you in connection with the 
collateral. You may later cancel any insurance purchased by us, but only 
after providing evidence that you have obtained insurance as required by 
our agreement. If we purchase insurance for the collateral, you will be 
responsible for the costs of that insurance, including the insurance 
premium, interest and any other charges we may impose in connection with 
the placement of the insurance, until the effective date of the 
cancellation or expiration of the insurance. The costs of the insurance may 
be added to your total outstanding balance or obligation. The costs of the 
insurance may be more than the cost of insurance you may be able to obtain 
on your own.


2.4    Insurance Policies.  All such insurance shall (i) be with insurers 
fully licensed and authorized to do business in the state within which the 
Property is located and which insurers, unless otherwise approved in 
writing by Beneficiary, shall have and maintain a rating of at least “A” or 
higher by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw Hill 
Companies or equivalent; (ii) contain the complete address of the Real 
Property (or a complete legal description); (iii) be for terms of at least 
one year with premium prepaid; (iv) be subject to the approval of 
Beneficiary as to insurance companies, amounts, content, forms



12    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


of policies, method by which premiums are paid and expiration dates; (v) 
contain deductibles which do not exceed $25,000.00; provided, however, if 
the insurance premium for any renewal would exceed the Maximum Insurance 
Premium due solely to cost of maintaining a $25,000 deductible, Grantor may 
provide a policy satisfying all of the requirements of this Section 2.4 
except that the deductible shall be the lowest deductible that Grantor can 
obtain such insurance at a cost equal to the Maximum Insurance Premium; 
provided further that in no event shall the deductible be greater than 
$100,000.00, regardless of whether the premium would exceed the Maximum 
Insurance Premium (except that (1) there shall be no deductible with 
respect to the policies described in 2.3(2), above, unless otherwise 
approved by Beneficiary and (2) the deductible with respect to the policy 
described in clause 2.3(4), above, shall not exceed $5,000.00 unless 
otherwise approved by Beneficiary) and (vi) include a standard, 
non-contributory, Beneficiary clause naming:


GREAT AMERICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY,
its successors and assigns as their interests may appear
c/o American Real Estate Capital
Two Alhambra Plaza, Suite 1280
Coral Gables, Florida 33134



(1) as an additional insured under all liability insurance policies, (2) as 
the first Beneficiary on all property insurance policies and (3) as the 
loss payee on all loss of rents or loss of business income insurance 
policies.


Grantor shall, as of the date hereof, deliver to Beneficiary (a) evidence 
that each of the required insurance policies have been prepaid as required 
above and (b) copies of such insurance policies and original certificates 
of insurance signed by an authorized agent of the applicable insurance 
companies evidencing such insurance satisfactory to Beneficiary. Grantor 
shall renew all such insurance and deliver to Beneficiary certificates and 
policies evidencing such renewals at least ten (10) days before any such 
insurance shall expire. Grantor also agrees that each insurance policy 
shall provide for at least ten (10) days’ prior written notice to 
Beneficiary of cancellation prior to any policy being cancelled for 
nonpayment of premium and at least twenty (20) days’ prior written notice 
to Beneficiary prior to (1) any policy reduction, cancellation or 
termination for any reason other than nonpayment of premium and (2) any 
modification thereof which affects the interest of Beneficiary. Grantor 
further agrees that each such insurance policy (i) shall contain an 
endorsement or agreement by the insurer that any loss shall be payable to 
Beneficiary in accordance with the terms of such policy notwithstanding any 
act or negligence of Grantor which might otherwise result in forfeiture of 
such insurance; (ii) shall waive all rights of subrogation against 
Beneficiary; (iii) in the event that the Real Property or the Improvements 
constitutes a legal non-conforming use under applicable building, zoning or 
land use laws or ordinances, shall include an ordinance or law coverage 
endorsement which will contain Coverage A: "Loss Due to Operation of Law" 
(with a minimum liability limit equal to Replacement Cost With Agreed Value 
Endorsement), Coverage B: "Demolition Cost" and Coverage C: "Increased Cost 
of Construction" coverage; and (iv) may be in the form of a blanket policy 
provided that, in the event that any such coverage is provided in the form 
of a blanket policy, Grantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that failure to 
pay any portion of the premium therefor which is not allocable to the 
Property or by any other action not relating to the Property which would 
otherwise permit the issuer thereof to cancel the coverage thereof, would 
require the Property to be insured by a separate, single-property policy. 
The blanket policy must properly identify and fully protect the Property as 
if a separate policy were issued for 100% of Replacement Cost at the time 
of loss and otherwise meet all of Beneficiary’s applicable insurance 
requirements set forth in Section 2.3 and this Section 2.4. The delivery to 
Beneficiary of the insurance policies or the certificates of insurance as 
provided above shall constitute an assignment of all proceeds payable under 
such insurance policies relating to the Property by Grantor to Beneficiary 
as further security for the Loan, unless the insurance policies maintained 
by Grantor are blanket insurance policies. In the event of foreclosure of 
this Deed of Trust, or other transfer



13    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


of title to the Property in extinguishment in whole or in part of the Loan, 
all right, title and interest of Grantor in and to all proceeds payable 
under such policies then in force concerning the Property shall thereupon 
vest in the purchaser at such foreclosure, or in Beneficiary or other 
transferee in the event of such other transfer of title. Approval of any 
insurance by Beneficiary shall not be a representation of the solvency of 
any insurer or the sufficiency of any amount of insurance. In the event 
Grantor fails to provide, maintain, keep in force or deliver and furnish to 
Beneficiary the policies of insurance required by this Deed of Trust or 
evidence of their renewal as required herein, Beneficiary may, but shall 
not be obligated to, procure such insurance and Grantor shall pay all 
amounts advanced by Beneficiary therefor, together with interest thereon at 
the Default Rate (as such term is defined in the Note) from and after the 
date advanced by Beneficiary until actually repaid by Grantor, promptly 
upon demand by Beneficiary. Any amounts so advanced by Beneficiary, 
together with interest thereon, shall be secured by this Deed of Trust and 
by all of the other Loan Documents securing all or any part of the Loan. 
Beneficiary shall not be responsible for nor incur any liability for the 
insolvency of the insurer or other failure of the insurer to perform, even 
though Beneficiary has caused the insurance to be placed with the insurer 
after failure of Grantor to furnish such insurance. To the extent that at 
any time Beneficiary agrees to accept (a) insurance in amounts less than 
that which is required by the foregoing provisions of Section 2.3 and this 
Section 2.4 or (b) insurance from an insurer that is rated less than that 
which is required by the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.4, 
Beneficiary may terminate its waiver and reassert the aforesaid minimum 
coverage amounts and rating requirements upon any renewal of any insurance 
coverage or at any time if (1) the coverage provided under such policies is 
reduced, (2) the rating of any insurer is reduced or (3) Beneficiary 
determines that any other material adverse event has occurred with respect 
to the financial condition of such insurer.


2.5    Assignment of Insurance Claims and Proceeds.   To secure the 
Obligations, Grantor grants, transfers, and assigns to Beneficiary the 
Insurance Claims and Insurance Proceeds.


2.6    Assignment of Condemnation Claims and Proceeds and Other Claims.   
To secure the Obligations, Grantor grants, transfers, and assigns to 
Beneficiary the Condemnation Claims, Condemnation Proceeds, Property 
Claims, and Property Proceeds.


2.7    Casualty and Condemnation. Grantor shall give Beneficiary written 
notice of the occurrence of any casualty affecting, or the institution of 
any proceedings for eminent domain or for the condemnation of, the Property 
or any portion thereof within three (3) business days after such 
occurrence. All Insurance Proceeds and Condemnation Proceeds with respect 
to the Property, and all causes of action, claims, compensation, awards and 
recoveries for any damage, condemnation or taking of all or any part of the 
Property or for any damage or injury to it for any loss or diminution in 
value of the Property, shall be paid to Beneficiary. Beneficiary may 
participate in any suits or proceedings relating to any Insurance Proceeds 
and Condemnation Proceeds, causes of action, claims, compensation, awards 
or recoveries, and Beneficiary is hereby authorized, in its own name or in 
Grantor’s name, to adjust any loss covered by Insurance Claim or any 
Condemnation Claim or cause of action, and to settle or compromise any 
claim or cause of action in connection therewith, and Grantor shall from 
time to time deliver to Beneficiary any instruments required to permit such 
participation; provided, however, that, so long as no Event of Default or 
no event has occurred or failed to occur which with the passage of time, 
the giving of notice, or both, would constitute an Event of Default (a 
"Default") shall have occurred and be continuing, Beneficiary shall not 
have the right to participate in the adjustment of any loss which is not in 
excess of the lesser of (i) five percent (5%) of the then outstanding 
principal balance of the Note and (ii) $250,000.00. Insurance Proceeds 
coming into possession of Beneficiary shall not be deemed trust funds and 
Beneficiary shall have the option in its sole discretion to apply any 
insurance proceeds it may receive pursuant hereto to the payment of the 
Loan or to allow all or a portion of such proceeds to be used for the 
restoration of the Property. In the event any such insurance proceeds shall 
be used to reduce the Loan, Beneficiary shall apply any sums received by it 
under



14    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


this Section 2.7 first to the payment of all of its costs and expenses 
(including, but not limited to, reasonable legal fees and disbursements) 
incurred in obtaining those sums, it being agreed that no prepayment 
premium or penalty shall be payable by Grantor as a result of such 
application of proceeds by Beneficiary.


2.8    Repair and Restoration. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 
2.7 above, in the event that less than thirty percent (30%) of the 
Improvements (determined by reference to the value of the Property located 
on the Real Property have been destroyed or in the event that less than 
fifteen percent (15%) of the Real Property (determined by reference to the 
value of the Property) is taken (in each case as agreed by Beneficiary in 
the exercise of its good faith business judgment), then if and so long as:


(1)    no Event of Default or Default is then continuing hereunder or under 
any of the other Loan Documents, and


(2)    the Property can, in Beneficiary’s reasonable judgment, with 
diligent restoration or repair, be returned to a condition at least equal 
(or substantially similar) to the condition thereof that existed prior to 
the casualty or partial taking causing the loss or damage by the earlier to 
occur of (A) expiration of the business income (loss of rents) insurance in 
respect of the Property and (B) six (6) months prior to the stated maturity 
date of the Note; and


(3)    all necessary Governmental Permits can be obtained to allow the 
rebuilding and re-occupancy of the Property in accordance with the Loan 
Documents; and


(4)    there are sufficient sums available (through insurance proceeds or 
condemnation awards and contributions by Grantor, the full amount of which 
shall, at Beneficiary’s option, have been deposited with Beneficiary) for 
such restoration or repair (including, without limitation, for any costs 
and expenses of Beneficiary to be incurred in administering said 
restoration or repair) and for payment of principal and interest to become 
due and payable under the Note during such restoration or repair; and


(5)    after such restoration and stabilization the fair market value and 
cash flow of the Property is expected to be at least equal to the fair 
market value of the Property or cash flow immediately prior to such 
condemnation or casualty (assuming that the affected portion of the 
property is relet within a reasonable period after such condemnation or 
casualty); and


(6)    the economic feasibility of the Improvements after such restoration 
or repair and stabilization will be such that income from their operation 
is reasonably anticipated to be sufficient to pay operating expenses of the 
Property and debt service on the Loan in full with the same coverage ratio 
considered by Beneficiary in its determination to make the Loan; including, 
but not limited to, an assessment of the impact of the termination of any 
Leases due to such casualty or condemnation; and


(7)    Grantor shall have delivered to Beneficiary, at Grantor’s sole cost 
and expense, an appraisal report in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to Beneficiary appraising the value of the Property as 
proposed to be restored or repaired to be not less than the appraised value 
of the Property considered by Beneficiary in its determination to make the 
Loan; and


(8)    Grantor so elects by written notice delivered to Beneficiary within 
fifteen (15) days after settlement of the aforesaid insurance or 
condemnation claim;


then, Beneficiary shall, solely for the purposes of such restoration or 
repair, advance so much of the remainder of such sums collected pursuant to 
Section 2.7 as may be required for such restoration or repair, and any 
funds deposited by Grantor therefor, to Grantor in the manner and upon such 
terms and conditions as would



15    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


be required by a prudent construction lender, with any remainder being 
applied by Beneficiary for payment of the Loan in which event no prepayment 
premium or penalty or other exit fee shall be payable by Grantor in 
whatever order Beneficiary directs in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the prior 
approval by Beneficiary of plans and specifications, contractors and 
construction contracts and the furnishing to Beneficiary of permits, bonds, 
lien waivers, invoices, receipts and affidavits from contractors and 
subcontractors, in form and substance satisfactory to Beneficiary in its 
reasonable discretion.


2.9    Event of No Repair or Restoration. In all other cases other than 
that set forth in Section 2.8 above, namely, in the event that thirty 
percent (30%) or more of the Improvements located on the Real Property have 
been destroyed or fifteen percent (15%) or more of the Real Property is 
taken or Grantor does not elect to restore or repair the Property pursuant 
to Section 2.8 above or otherwise fails to meet the requirements of 
Section 2.8 above, then, in any of such events, Beneficiary shall elect, in 
Beneficiary’s sole and absolute discretion and without regard to the 
adequacy of Beneficiary’s security, to do either of the following: (1) 
accelerate the maturity date of the Note and declare any or all of the Loan 
to be immediately due and payable and apply the remainder of such sums 
received pursuant to this Section to the payment of the Loan in whatever 
order Beneficiary directs in its absolute discretion (in which event no 
prepayment premium or penalty or other exit fee shall be payable by 
Grantor), with any remainder being paid to Grantor, or (2) notwithstanding 
that Grantor may have elected not to, or otherwise is not permitted to 
restore or repair the Property pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.8 
above (and provided that Beneficiary makes available to Grantor all 
Insurance Proceeds or Condemnation Proceeds, as the case may be), require 
Grantor to restore or repair the Property in the manner and upon such terms 
and conditions as would be required by a prudent construction lender, 
including, but not limited to, the deposit by Grantor with Beneficiary, 
within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, of any deficiency reasonably 
determined by Beneficiary to be necessary in order to assure the 
availability of sufficient funds to pay for such restoration or repair (or 
evidence satisfactory to Beneficiary in its sole and absolute discretion of 
the irrevocable commitment of funds for such purpose), including, but not 
limited to, Beneficiary’s costs and expenses to be incurred in connection 
therewith, the prior approval by Beneficiary of plans and specifications, 
contractors and construction contracts and the furnishing to Beneficiary of 
permits, bonds, lien waivers, invoices, receipts and affidavits from 
contractors and subcontractors, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to Beneficiary, and apply the remainder of such sums toward 
such restoration and repair, with any balance thereafter remaining being 
applied by Beneficiary for payment of the Loan in whatever order 
Beneficiary directs in its absolute discretion (in which event no 
prepayment premium or penalty or other exit fee shall be payable by 
Grantor.)


2.10    Disbursement to Grantor in the Event of Restoration. In the event 
of restoration or repair, to the extent permitted pursuant to this Deed of 
Trust, Beneficiary will disburse to Grantor (no less frequently than once 
every thirty (30) days) portions of the Insurance Proceeds or Condemnation 
Proceeds, whichever the case maybe, upon presentation of pertinent 
documentation regarding expenses incurred by Grantor in conducting the 
restoration, which may include (1) an independent architect's certificate 
certifying (A) that the portion of the restoration has been completed in 
accordance with plans and specifications previously provided to the trustee 
and pre-approved by Beneficiary, (B) the estimated percentage of 
restoration completed and the sum necessary to complete the remaining 
restoration, and (C) compliance of the restoration with all Governmental 
Requirements; (2) applicable lien waivers; and (3) to the extent available, 
an endorsement to the title insurance policy insuring the continued 
priority of the lien created by this Deed of Trust.


2.11    Treatment of Application of Proceeds. Any reduction in the Loan 
resulting from Beneficiary’s application of any sums received by it 
hereunder shall take effect only when Beneficiary actually receives such 
sums and elects to apply such sums to the Loan and, in any event, the 
unpaid portion



16    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


of the Loan shall remain in full force and effect and Grantor shall not be 
excused in the payment thereof. Partial payments received by Beneficiary, 
as described in the preceding sentence, shall be applied first to the final 
payment due under the Note and thereafter to installments due under the 
Note in the inverse order of their due date (it being agreed that no 
prepayment premium or penalty or other exit fee shall be payable by Grantor 
in connection therewith). If Grantor elects as provided above or 
Beneficiary directs Grantor to restore or repair the Property after the 
occurrence of a casualty or partial taking of the Property as provided 
above, Grantor shall promptly and diligently, at Grantor’s sole cost and 
expense and regardless of whether the insurance proceeds or condemnation 
award, as appropriate, shall be sufficient for the purpose, restore, 
repair, replace and rebuild the Property as nearly as possible to its 
value, condition and character immediately prior to such casualty or 
partial taking in accordance with the foregoing provisions and Grantor 
shall pay to Beneficiary all costs and expenses of Beneficiary incurred in 
administering said rebuilding, restoration or repair, provided that 
Beneficiary makes such proceeds or award available for such purpose. 
Grantor agrees to execute and deliver from time to time such further 
instruments as may be requested by Beneficiary to confirm the foregoing 
assignment to Beneficiary of any award, damage, insurance proceeds, payment 
or other compensation. Beneficiary is hereby irrevocably constituted and 
appointed the attorney-in-fact of Grantor (which power of attorney shall be 
irrevocable so long as any portion of the Loan is outstanding, shall be 
deemed coupled with an interest, shall survive the voluntary or involuntary 
dissolution of Grantor and shall not be affected by any disability or 
incapacity suffered by Grantor subsequent to the date hereof), with full 
power of substitution, subject to the terms of this Section 2.11, and to 
the rights expressly reserved to Grantor elsewhere in this Deed of Trust, 
to settle for, collect and receive any such awards, damages, insurance 
proceeds, payments or other compensation from the parties or authorities 
making the same, to appear in and prosecute any proceedings therefor and to 
give receipts and acquittances therefor. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Deed of Trust, if any Insurance Proceeds or 
Condemnation Proceeds are retained and applied by Beneficiary toward the 
payment of the Loan, Grantor may prepay the entire Loan without payment of 
any prepayment premium or penalty or any other exit fee, provided that (a) 
such prepayment is made within ninety (90) days after Lender applies such 
Insurance Proceeds or Condemnation Proceeds to the Loan, and (b) together 
with such prepayment, Grantor pays to Beneficiary all accrued and unpaid 
interest and all other sums payable under the Loan Documents.


2.12    No Liability by Beneficiary.   Nothing contained in this Deed of 
Trust shall be deemed to obligate Beneficiary to prosecute or enforce any 
or all of the Insurance Claims, Condemnation Claims or Property Claims nor 
shall Beneficiary have any liability or responsibility for any failure or 
delay by Beneficiary in prosecuting or enforcing any or all of the 
Insurance Claims, Condemnation Claims or Property Claims or to collect any 
or all of the Insurance Proceeds, Condemnation Proceeds or Property 
Proceeds. Nothing contained in this Deed of Trust or Beneficiary's receipt 
of any Insurance Proceeds, Condemnation Proceeds or Property Proceeds shall 
result in any obligation or liability by Beneficiary for the performance or 
observance of any of the terms of any document or Insurance Policies 
relating to any or all of the Claims or the Proceeds.


2.13    Taxes and Impositions.   Grantor shall pay all (a) Taxes at least 
thirty (30) days before the date such Taxes are first due; (b) Insurance 
Premiums at least thirty (30) days before due; and (iii) other Impositions 
when due. Upon Beneficiary's request, Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary 
receipts and such other substantiating documentation as may be required by 
Beneficiary to evidence payment of all Impositions by Grantor in accordance 
with this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Grantor need not pay such 
Taxes and Insurance Premiums to the extent Beneficiary is obligated to do 
so pursuant to and accordance with Section 2.14(k).


2.14    Reserves.



17    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(a)    Grantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Reserves (i) shall 
be held in an account designated by, or in the name of Beneficiary, (ii) 
shall not accrue or earn any interest in favor of Grantor and (iii) may be 
commingled with other funds. Grantor hereby acknowledges and agrees, that 
Beneficiary, or at Beneficiary’s election, a servicing agent, shall have 
exclusive control over any accounts in which Reserves are held. Notice of 
the assignment and security interest granted to Beneficiary herein may be 
delivered by Beneficiary at any time to the financial institution wherein 
the Reserves have been established, and Beneficiary, or such servicing 
entity, shall have possession of all passbooks or other evidences of such 
accounts. Grantor hereby assumes all risk of loss with respect to amounts 
on deposit in the Reserves. Grantor hereby knowingly, voluntarily and 
intentionally stipulates, acknowledges and agrees that the advancement of 
the funds from the Reserves as set forth herein is at Grantor’s direction 
and is not the exercise by Beneficiary of any right of set-off or other 
remedy upon a Default or an Event of Default. Grantor hereby waives all 
right to withdraw funds from the Reserves except as provided in this Deed 
of Trust.


(b)    Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of 
Default, Beneficiary, at its option and without regard to the adequacy of 
any other collateral securing the Obligations, shall have the right to 
apply any or all of the Reserves to any or all of the Obligations in such 
amounts and order as Beneficiary may determine. If an Event of Default 
shall occur hereunder or under any other of the Loan Documents, then 
Beneficiary may, during the continuance of such Event of Default, without 
notice or demand on Grantor, at its option: (A) withdraw any or all of the 
funds (including, without limitation, interest) then remaining in the 
Reserves and apply the same, after deducting all costs and expenses of 
safekeeping, collection and delivery (including, but not limited to, 
attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses) to the Loan or any other obligations 
of Grantor under the other Loan Documents in such manner or as Beneficiary 
shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion, and the excess, if any, 
shall be paid to Grantor, (B) exercise any and all rights and remedies of a 
secured party under any applicable Uniform Commercial Code, and/or (C) 
exercise any other remedies available at law or in equity. No such use or 
application of the funds contained in the Reserves shall be deemed to cure 
any Default or Event of Default hereunder or under the other Loan 
Documents.


(c)    The Reserves shall not, unless otherwise explicitly required by 
applicable law, be or be deemed to be escrow or trust funds, but, at 
Beneficiary’s option and in Beneficiary’s discretion, may either be held in 
a separate account or be commingled by Beneficiary with the general funds 
of Beneficiary. No interest on the Reserves shall be paid by Beneficiary to 
Grantor unless required by law. The Reserves are solely for the protection 
of Beneficiary and entail no responsibility on Beneficiary’s part beyond 
the payment of the respective items for which they are held following 
receipt of bills, invoices or statements therefor in accordance with the 
terms hereof and beyond the allowing of due credit for the sums actually 
received.


(d)      If the funds in the applicable Reserve shall exceed the amount of 
payments actually applied by Beneficiary for the purposes and items for 
which the applicable Reserve is held, such excess may be credited by 
Beneficiary on subsequent payments to be made hereunder or, at the option 
of Beneficiary, refunded to Grantor. If, however, the applicable Reserve 
shall not contain sufficient funds to pay the sums required by the dates on 
which such sums are required to be on deposit in such account, Grantor 
shall, within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice thereof, 
deposit with Beneficiary the full amount of any such deficiency. To the 
extent Beneficiary determines, in reasonable discretion, that the payments 
being made to any Reserve, whether monthly or otherwise, are insufficient 
for their intended purpose, Grantor shall be required to increase such 
payments as Beneficiary determines, in reasonable discretion. If Grantor 
shall fail to deposit with Beneficiary the full amount of such deficiency 
as provided above, Beneficiary shall have the option, but not the 
obligation, to make such deposit, and all amounts so deposited by 
Beneficiary, together with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the 
date so deposited by Beneficiary until actually paid by



18    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Grantor, shall be immediately paid by Grantor on demand and shall be 
secured by this Deed of Trust and by all of the other Loan Documents 
securing all or any part of the Loan. Grantor grants a security interest to 
Beneficiary in all Reserves deposited by Grantor.


(e)    Upon full payment of the Loan in accordance with its terms or at 
such earlier time as Beneficiary may elect, the balance of any or all of 
the Reserves then in Beneficiary’s possession shall be paid over to Grantor 
and no other party shall have any right or claim thereto. If Beneficiary 
assigns this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary shall have the right to transfer 
all Reserves held by Beneficiary to Beneficiary's assignee. Upon such 
assignment, Beneficiary shall have no further liability of any kind with 
respect to the Reserves, and Beneficiary's assignee shall be deemed to have 
assumed all liabilities of Beneficiary with respect to the Reserves. 
Following full payment and performance of all of the Obligations and the 
reconveyance of the Property under this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary shall 
refund to Grantor any Reserves then held by Beneficiary. Upon assignment of 
this Deed of Trust by Beneficiary, any funds in the Reserves shall be 
turned over to the assignee and any responsibility of Beneficiary, as 
assignor, with respect thereto shall terminate.


(f)    Nothing contained in this Section 2.14 shall be deemed (i) to 
require Beneficiary to pay any amounts on account of any Impositions, or on 
account of any other reason for which a Reserve is created hereunder, in 
excess of the applicable Reserves held by Beneficiary; or (ii) to impair, 
prejudice or otherwise affect any of Beneficiary's rights or remedies under 
this Deed of Trust or under applicable law to pay any or all of the 
Impositions if the Reserves then held by Beneficiary are insufficient for 
such purposes and to add the amount paid by Beneficiary to the Obligations.


(g)    Monthly Replacement Escrow.


(1)    Grantor shall establish and maintain, a reserve by paying to 
Beneficiary at Closing and then on each Payment Date (as such term is 
defined in the Note) thereafter during the term of the Loan, an amount 
equal to four percent (4%) of gross operating revenues from the Property 
for the third month preceding each such Payment Date (collectively, the 
“Monthly Replacement Escrow”). The Monthly Replacement Escrow shall be made 
available for replacements and repairs for the Property (“Replacements and 
Repairs”) during each calendar year as set forth on a capital budget which 
shall be provided in accordance with Section 2.25 of this Deed of Trust. By 
way of example, the payment due under this Section 2.14(g)(1) with the 
Payment Date occurring in October, 2014, shall be calculated using the 
gross operating revenues from the Property for the month of July, 2014 (in 
other words, four percent (4%) of the gross operating revenues from the 
Property for the month of July, 2014).


(2)    Subject to the provisions of Section 2.14(a)-(f) and this Section 
2.14(g), Beneficiary shall make disbursements from the Monthly Replacement 
Escrow as requested by Grantor for expenditures made by Grantor for Repairs 
and Replacements ("Replacement and Repair Costs") approved by Beneficiary, 
in its reasonable discretion, no more frequently than once in any thirty 
(30) day period, of no less than $20,000.00, and upon (i) the receipt by 
Beneficiary of a written request from Grantor for disbursement from the 
Monthly Replacement Escrow in the form reasonably satisfactory to 
Beneficiary, (ii) the delivery to Beneficiary of invoices, receipts or 
other evidence satisfactory to Beneficiary, verifying the cost of 
Replacement and Repair Costs and the performance of the Replacements and 
Repairs and evidence of payment of any prior disbursements for which 
evidence of payment has not been received by Beneficiary; (iii) for 
disbursement requests related to contracts or improvements in excess of 
$20,000.00, the delivery to Beneficiary of affidavits, lien waivers or 
other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Beneficiary showing that all 
materialmen, laborers, subcontractors and any other parties who might or 
could claim statutory or common law liens and are furnishing or have 
furnished material or labor to the Property have waived all liens



19    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


conditioned only on payment; (iv) for disbursement requests related to 
contracts or improvements in excess of $100,000.00, delivery to Beneficiary 
of a certification from an inspecting architect, engineer or other 
consultant reasonably acceptable to Beneficiary and at the expense of 
Grantor (the "Work Inspector") confirming the completion of such 
Replacements and Repairs in accordance with applicable plans and 
Governmental Requirements and the value of the completed Replacements and 
Repairs; (v) for disbursement requests related to contracts or improvements 
in excess of $100,000.00, Beneficiary having preapproved in writing, in its 
reasonable discretion, any construction contract for which Grantor is 
seeking a disbursement for under this Section 2.14(g); and (vi) the 
delivery to Beneficiary of a new (or amended) certificate of occupancy for 
the applicable space to which such Replacements and Repairs relate, upon 
completion of such space or such earlier time as a new (or amended) 
certificate of occupancy is required by law, or a certification acceptable 
to Beneficiary by the Work Inspector that no new (or amended) certificate 
of occupancy is required. In making any disbursement from the Monthly 
Replacement Escrow, Beneficiary shall be entitled to rely on such request 
from Grantor without any inquiry into the accuracy, validity or 
contestability of any such amount. Beneficiary, at Grantor’s cost and 
expense shall have the right to inspect the Replacements and Repairs. The 
insufficiency of funds in the Monthly Replacement Escrow shall not relieve 
Grantor from its obligation to fulfill all preservation and maintenance 
covenants in the Loan Documents.


(3)    Grantor hereby grants to Beneficiary a power-of-attorney, coupled 
with an interest, to cause the work and obligations covered by this 
Section 2.14(g) to be completed, performed, remediated and corrected to the 
satisfaction of Beneficiary and in accordance with this Deed of Trust upon 
Grantor’s failure to do so in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
this Deed of Trust, subject to any applicable notice and cure periods, and 
to apply the amounts on deposit in the Monthly Replacement Escrow to the 
costs associated therewith, all as Beneficiary may determine in its sole 
and absolute discretion but without obligation to do so.


(h)    Major Physical Items Escrow.


(1)    If during the term of the Loan, Beneficiary determines, in its 
reasonable discretion and based upon engineering reports, other reports or 
as may be necessitated in order to comply with Governmental Requirements, 
that any physical aspect of the Property requires maintenance, repair, 
replacement or improvement, Grantor shall deposit with Beneficiary, upon 
ten (10) days written notice from Beneficiary of such determination, one 
hundred ten percent (110%) of the cost (“Major Physical Items Escrow”) of 
such maintenance, repair, replacement or improvement, as determined in 
Beneficiary’s sole and absolute discretion (“Major Physical Repairs and 
Replacements”).


(2)    Subject to the provisions of Section 2.14(a)-(f) and this Section 
2.14(h), Beneficiary shall make disbursements from the Major Physical Items 
Escrow as requested by Grantor for expenditures made by Grantor for Major 
Physical Repairs and Replacements ("Major Physical Replacement and Repair 
Costs") approved by Beneficiary, in its reasonable discretion, no more 
frequently than once in any thirty (30) day period, of no less than 
$20,000.00, and upon (i) the receipt by Beneficiary of a written request 
from Grantor for disbursement from the Major Physical Items Escrow in the 
form reasonably satisfactory to Beneficiary, (ii) the delivery to 
Beneficiary of invoices, receipts or other evidence satisfactory to 
Beneficiary, verifying the cost of Major Physical Replacements and Repair 
Costs and the performance of the Major Physical Repairs and Replacements; 
(iii) for disbursement requests related to contracts or improvements in 
excess of $20,000.00, the delivery to Beneficiary of affidavits, lien 
waivers or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Beneficiary showing 
that all materialmen, laborers, subcontractors and any other parties who 
might or could claim statutory or common law liens and are furnishing or 
have furnished material or labor to the Property have waived all liens 
conditioned only on payment; (iv) for disbursement requests related to 
contracts or improvements in excess of $100,000.00, delivery to Beneficiary 
of a certification from



20    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


a Work Inspector confirming the completion of such Major Physical Repairs 
and Replacements in accordance with applicable plans and Governmental 
Requirements and the value of the completed Major Physical Repairs and 
Replacements; (v) for disbursement requests related to contracts or 
improvements in excess of $100,000.00, Beneficiary having preapproved in 
writing, in its reasonable discretion, any construction contract for which 
Grantor is seeking a disbursement for under this Section 2.14(h); and (vi) 
the delivery to Beneficiary of a new (or amended) certificate of occupancy 
for the portion of the Improvements covered by such Major Physical Repairs 
and Replacements, to the extent a new (or amended) certificate of occupancy 
is required by law, or a certification acceptable to Beneficiary by the 
Work Inspector that no new (or amended) certificate of occupancy is 
required. In making any disbursement from the Major Physical Items Escrow, 
Beneficiary shall be entitled to rely on such request from Grantor without 
any inquiry into the accuracy, validity or contestability of any such 
amount. Beneficiary, at Grantor’s cost and expense shall have the right to 
inspect the Major Physical Repairs and Replacements. The insufficiency of 
funds in the Major Physical Items Escrow shall not relieve Grantor from its 
obligation to fulfill all preservation and maintenance covenants in the 
Loan Documents.


(3)    Grantor hereby grants to Beneficiary a power-of-attorney, coupled 
with an interest, to cause the work and obligations covered by this 
Section 2.14(h) to be completed, performed, remediated and corrected to the 
satisfaction of Beneficiary and in accordance with this Deed of Trust upon 
Grantor’s failure to do so in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
this Deed of Trust, subject to any applicable notice and cure periods, and 
to apply the amounts on deposit in the Major Physical Items Escrow to the 
costs associated therewith, all as Beneficiary may determine in its sole 
and absolute discretion but without obligation to do so.


(i)    Tenant Improvements/Leasing Commissions Escrow.


(1)    Grantor shall establish and maintain, a reserve by paying to 
Beneficiary at Closing the sum of $1,200,000.00 as an initial deposit for 
preparing tenant spaces to a vanilla box standard (e.g., paint ready walls, 
lighting, and bathrooms if required by local building codes), tenant 
improvements and leasing commissions (“TI/LC Escrow”); provided however, if 
at any time during the term of the Loan, the balance of the TI/LC Escrow is 
less than $250,000.00, Grantor shall commence monthly deposits of 
$60,000.00 on the next Payment Date and continue to make such monthly 
payments until the balance of the TI/LC Escrow is $250,000.00. The funds in 
the TI/LC Escrow shall be used to fund (A) the costs of preparing tenant 
spaces to a vanilla box standard; (B) third party leasing commissions not 
exceeding the then current market rate; and (C) tenant improvement costs 
incurred by Grantor in accordance with the Leases; provided however, in no 
event shall tenant improvement costs with respect to any Lease exceed the 
following: (i) with respect to Leases to new retail tenants, $40.00 per 
square foot; (ii) with respect to Leases to new office tenants, up to 
$20.00 per square foot; and (iii) with respect to any renewals, extensions 
(including the exercise of extension options in any Lease) or expansions of 
the premises of any tenant, up to $15.00 per square foot (collectively, the 
"Leasing Costs").


(2)    Subject to the provisions of Section 2.14(a)-(f) and this Section 
2.14(i), Beneficiary shall make disbursements from the TI/LC Escrow as 
requested by Grantor, and approved by Beneficiary in its reasonable 
discretion, no more frequently than once in any thirty (30) day period in 
an amount of not less than $50,000 per request and upon: (i) for 
disbursement requests related to new Leases, receipt by Beneficiary of an 
executed lease and a written request from Grantor for disbursement from the 
TI/LC Escrow in the form reasonably satisfactory to Beneficiary and a 
certification by Grantor in the form reasonably satisfactory to Beneficiary 
that (1) the Leasing Costs consist of commissions payable to brokers not 
greater than the then-current market rate and (2) Leasing Costs consisting 
of amounts required to be expended pursuant to the relevant new Lease for 
tenant improvement or related costs not exceeding the



21    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


amounts set forth in subsection (1) above, and said Leasing Costs shall 
have been incurred; (ii) the delivery to Grantor of invoices, receipts or 
other evidence satisfactory to Beneficiary, verifying the cost of Leasing 
Costs and the performance of the tenant improvements for the current 
disbursement and evidence of payment of any prior disbursements for which 
evidence of payment has not been received by Beneficiary; (iii) for 
disbursement requests related to contracts or improvements in excess of 
$20,000.00, the delivery to Beneficiary of affidavits, lien waivers or 
other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Beneficiary showing that all 
materialmen, laborers, subcontractors and any other parties who might or 
could claim statutory or common law liens and are furnishing or have 
furnished material or labor to the Property have been paid all amounts due 
for labor and materials furnished to the Property have waived all liens 
conditioned only on payment; (iv) for disbursement requests related to 
contracts or improvements in excess of $100,000.00, delivery to Beneficiary 
of a certification from a Work Inspector confirming the completion of such 
tenant improvements in accordance with applicable plans and Governmental 
Requirements and the value of the completed tenant improvements; (v) for 
disbursement requests related to contracts or improvements in excess of 
$100,000.00, Beneficiary having preapproved in writing, in its reasonable 
discretion, any construction contract for which Grantor is seeking a 
disbursement for under this Section 2.14(i); and (vi) the delivery to 
Beneficiary of a new (or amended) certificate of occupancy for the for the 
applicable space to which such work relates, upon completion of such space 
or such earlier time as a new (or amended) certificate of occupancy is 
required by law, or a certification acceptable to Beneficiary by the Work 
Inspector that no new (or amended) certificate of occupancy is required. In 
making any payment from the TI/LC Escrow, Beneficiary shall be entitled to 
rely on such request from Grantor without any inquiry into the accuracy, 
validity or contestability of any such amount. Beneficiary, at Grantor’s 
cost and expense, shall have the right to inspect such tenant improvements. 
The insufficiency of funds in the TI/LC Escrow shall not relieve Grantor 
from its obligation to fulfill all covenants and obligations under any 
Lease or brokerage or listing agreement.


(3)    Grantor hereby grants to Beneficiary a power-of-attorney, coupled 
with an interest, to cause the work and obligations covered by this 
Section 2.14(i) to be completed, performed, remediated and corrected to the 
satisfaction of Beneficiary and in accordance with this Deed of Trust upon 
Grantor’s failure to do so in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
this Deed of Trust, subject to any applicable notice and cure period, and 
to apply the amounts on deposit in the TI/LC Escrow to the costs associated 
therewith, all as Beneficiary may determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion but without obligation to do so.


(4)    In the event Grantor receives any earlier termination fee or other 
consideration from any tenant under a Lease in connection with the early 
termination of a Lease, whether such early termination is expressly 
permitted under such Lease or not, such fee or consideration shall 
immediately be paid by Grantor to Beneficiary and shall be included in the 
TI/LC Escrow but disbursed to Grantor in full at such time as the affected 
space is leased and occupied by a new tenant as approved by Beneficiary, in 
accordance with this Deed of Trust. Nothing anything contained in this 
Section 2.14(i) shall grant Grantor the right to agree to an early 
termination of any Lease in contravention of the provisions of the Loan 
Documents.


(j)    Required Renovations Escrow.  In the event Grantor fails to timely 
complete the Required Renovations (as such term is defined in Section 2.33) 
pursuant to Section 2.33 of this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall immediately 
establish and maintain, an escrow by paying to Beneficiary an amount equal 
to 1.25 times the amount Grantor determines is necessary to complete the 
remaining required repairs ("Required Renovations Escrow") for the 
completion of the Required Renovations. Grantor hereby grants to 
Beneficiary a power-of-attorney, coupled with an interest, to cause the 
work and obligations covered by this Section 2.14(j) and Section 2.33 to be 
completed, performed, remediated and corrected to the satisfaction of 
Beneficiary and in any event in accordance with Section 2.33 of this Deed 
of Trust upon Grantor’s failure



22    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


to do so in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Deed of Trust, 
and to apply the amounts on deposit in the Required Renovations Escrow to 
the costs associated therewith, all as Beneficiary may determine in its 
sole and absolute discretion but without obligation to do so. Following 
full performance by Grantor or Beneficiary of the Required Renovations in 
accordance with the Loan Documents, Beneficiary shall refund to Grantor the 
remaining funds in the Required Renovation Escrow held by Beneficiary.


(k)    Impound Account. Grantor shall establish and maintain at all times 
while this Deed of Trust continues in effect an impound account (the 
"Impound Account") with Beneficiary for payment of Taxes and Insurance 
Premiums and as additional security for the Loan. Simultaneously with the 
execution hereof, Grantor shall deposit in the Impound Account an amount 
determined by Beneficiary to be necessary to ensure that there will be on 
deposit with Beneficiary an amount which, when added to the monthly 
payments subsequently required to be deposited with Beneficiary hereunder 
on account of Impositions (collectively, "Impound Funds"), will result in 
there being on deposit with Beneficiary in the Impound Account an amount 
sufficient to pay the next due installment of Impositions at least thirty 
(30) days prior to the delinquency thereof and the next due annual 
Insurance Premiums at least thirty (30) days prior to the due date thereof. 
Commencing on the date which is the first of the month after the closing of 
the Loan and continuing thereafter on each monthly payment date under the 
Note, Grantor shall pay to Beneficiary, concurrently with and in addition 
to the monthly payment due under the Note and until the Loan is fully paid 
and performed, deposits in an amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12) of the 
amount of the annual Taxes that will next become due and payable on the 
Property, plus one-twelfth (1/12) of the amount of the annual Insurance 
Premiums that will next become due and payable on insurance policies which 
Grantor is required to maintain hereunder, each as estimated and determined 
by Beneficiary. So long as no Event of Default (as defined in Article III) 
has occurred, or event or matter which, with the passage of time or giving 
of notice, or both, would become an Event of Default has occurred, all sums 
in the Impound Account shall be held by Beneficiary in the Impound Account 
to pay said Taxes and Insurance Premiums before the same become delinquent. 
Grantor shall be responsible for ensuring the receipt by Beneficiary, at 
least thirty (30) days prior to the respective due date for payment 
thereof, of all bills, invoices and statements for all Taxes and Insurance 
Premiums to be paid from the Impound Account, and so long as no Event of 
Default exists, Beneficiary shall pay the governmental authority or other 
party entitled thereto directly to the extent funds are available for such 
purpose in the Impound Account or reimburse Beneficiary to the extent 
Grantor pays the Insurance Premiums for any period of time as part of 
payment of a blanket insurance policy and Grantor provides Beneficiary with 
proof of such payment. In making any payment from the Impound Account, 
Beneficiary shall be entitled to rely on any bill, statement or estimate 
procured from the appropriate public office or insurance company or agent 
without any inquiry into the accuracy of such bill, statement or estimate 
and without any inquiry into the accuracy, validity, enforceability or 
contestability of any tax, assessment, valuation, sale, forfeiture, tax 
lien or title or claim thereof. The Impound Account shall not, unless 
otherwise explicitly required by applicable law, be or be deemed to be 
escrow or trust funds, but, at Beneficiary’s option and in Beneficiary’s 
discretion, may either be held in a separate account or be commingled by 
Beneficiary with the general funds of Beneficiary. No interest on the funds 
contained in the Impound Account, if any, shall be paid by Beneficiary to 
Grantor (unless required by applicable law).


(l)    Immediate Repairs.


(1)    Grantor shall establish and maintain, a reserve by paying to 
Beneficiary at Closing the sum of $274,250.00 (“Immediate Repairs Escrow”) 
for completion of the immediate repairs identified on Schedule 2.14(l) 
(“Immediate Repairs”). All Immediate Repairs shall be completed within 
twelve (12) months of the date hereof.



23    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(2)    Subject to the provisions of Section 2.14(a)-(f) and this Section 
2.14(l), Beneficiary shall make disbursements from the Immediate Repairs 
Escrow as requested by Grantor for amounts incurred by Grantor for 
Immediate Repairs ("Immediate Repairs Costs") approved by Beneficiary, in 
its reasonable discretion, no more frequently than once in any thirty (30) 
day period, of no less than $20,000.00, and upon (i) the receipt by 
Beneficiary of a written request from Grantor for disbursement from the 
Immediate Repairs Escrow in the form reasonably satisfactory to 
Beneficiary, (ii) the delivery to Beneficiary of invoices, receipts or 
other evidence satisfactory to Beneficiary, verifying the cost of Immediate 
Repairs Costs and the performance of the Immediate Repairs and evidence of 
payment of any prior disbursements for which evidence of payment has not 
been received by Beneficiary; (iii) for disbursement requests related to 
contracts or improvements in excess of $20,000.00, the delivery to 
Beneficiary of affidavits, lien waivers or other evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to Beneficiary showing that all materialmen, laborers, 
subcontractors and any other parties who might or could claim statutory or 
common law liens and are furnishing or have furnished material or labor to 
the Property have waived all liens conditioned only on payment; (iv) for 
disbursement requests related to contracts or improvements in excess of 
$100,000.00, delivery to Beneficiary of a certification from a Work 
Inspector confirming the completion of such Immediate Repairs in accordance 
with applicable plans and Governmental Requirements and the value of the 
completed Immediate Repairs; (v) for disbursement requests related to 
contracts or improvements in excess of $100,000.00, Beneficiary having 
preapproved in writing, in its reasonable discretion, any construction 
contract for which Grantor is seeking a disbursement for under this 
Section 2.14(l); and (vi) the delivery to Beneficiary of a new (or amended) 
certificate of occupancy for the for the applicable space to which such 
Immediate Repairs relate, upon completion of such space or such earlier 
time as a new (or amended) certificate of occupancy is required by law,, or 
a certification acceptable to Beneficiary by the Work Inspector that no new 
(or amended) certificate of occupancy is required. In making any 
disbursement from the Immediate Repairs Escrow, Beneficiary shall be 
entitled to rely on such request from Grantor without any inquiry into the 
accuracy, validity or contestability of any such amount. Beneficiary, at 
Grantor’s cost and expense shall have the right to inspect the Immediate 
Repairs. The insufficiency of funds in the Immediate Repairs Escrow shall 
not relieve Grantor from its obligation to fulfill all preservation and 
maintenance covenants in the Loan Documents.


(3)    Grantor hereby grants to Beneficiary a power-of-attorney, coupled 
with an interest, to cause the work and obligations covered by this 
Section 2.14(l) to be completed, performed, remediated and corrected to the 
satisfaction of Beneficiary and in accordance with this Deed of Trust upon 
Grantor’s failure to do so in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
this Deed of Trust, subject to any applicable notice and cure periods, and 
to apply the amounts on deposit in the Immediate Repairs Escrow to the 
costs associated therewith, all as Beneficiary may determine in its sole 
and absolute discretion but without obligation to do so.


2.15    Absolute Assignment of Rents and Profits.


(a)    Absolute Assignment.   To the extent allowed by applicable law, 
Grantor absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally grants, transfers and 
assigns to Beneficiary all Rents and Profits. Prior to the occurrence of an 
Event of Default, Grantor shall have a license to collect and retain on the 
terms of this Section 2.15 all Rents and Profits as they become due and 
payable. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of 
Default, Grantor's license to collect the Rents and Profits shall 
automatically be revoked without notice to Grantor. Following such 
revocation and while an Event of Default exists, Beneficiary shall be 
entitled to collect and retain all Rents and Profits, whether or not 
Beneficiary has taken possession of the Property, and Grantor shall 
immediately pay or deliver to Beneficiary any Rents and Profits then held 
or thereafter collected by Grantor. All Rents and Profits collected by or 
on behalf of Beneficiary may be applied by Beneficiary to the Obligations 
in such order and amounts as Beneficiary may determine.



24    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


If Beneficiary elects to seek the appointment of a receiver following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor irrevocably and unconditionally 
consents to the appointment of a receiver without regard to the adequacy of 
the security for any of the Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Deed of Trust, the assignment of Rents and 
Profits contained in this Section is an absolute assignment and not an 
assignment as security, if and to the extent allowed by applicable law. 
Neither the assignment of Rents and Profits contained in this Section nor 
any action taken by Beneficiary to collect the Rents and Profits shall be 
deemed to make Beneficiary a mortgagee-in-possession of the Property or 
shall be deemed to render Beneficiary directly or indirectly liable or 
responsible for (i) the use, control, condition, care, operation, 
occupancy, management, repair, or leasing of the Property; (ii) the 
production of Rents and Profits from the Property; or (iii) the performance 
or observance of any or all of Grantor's duties, obligations, 
representations, or warranties under any Leases or other agreements 
relating to the Rents and Profits. Beneficiary shall have no responsibility 
or liability of any kind for any failure or delay by Beneficiary in 
enforcing any of the terms or conditions of this Section 2.15. It is 
understood and agreed that any assignment of Rents and Profits made in this 
Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents shall be subject to the 
provisions of applicable law.


(b)    Applications of Rents and Profits Prior to Revocation of License.   
Grantor shall apply the Rents and Profits to the payment of all reasonable 
and necessary operating costs and expenses of the Property, installment 
payments due in connection with the Loan and any Future Advances, payment 
of Impositions, and a reasonable reserve for future reasonable and 
necessary expenses, repairs and replacements relating to the Property 
before using the Rents and Profits for any other purpose which does not 
directly benefit the Property.


(c)    Notices to Tenants.   Upon revocation of the license described in 
Section 2.15(a) above, Grantor irrevocably authorizes and directs all 
Tenants under the Leases to comply with any notice or demand by Beneficiary 
for payment to Beneficiary of any Rents and Profits or for the performance 
of any of the Tenant's other respective obligations under the Leases, 
regardless of any conflicting demand by Grantor or notice by Grantor to any 
Tenant that Beneficiary's demand is invalid or wrongful. No Tenant shall 
have any duty to inquire as to whether any default by Grantor has occurred 
under the Loan Documents in connection with any notice or demand by 
Beneficiary under this Section.


2.16    Sales, Transfers, and Further Encumbrances.


(i)    Grantor acknowledges that Beneficiary has relied upon the principals 
of Grantor and their experience in owning and operating the Property and 
properties similar to the Property in connection with the closing of the 
Loan. Accordingly, except for Permitted Transfers (for clause (d) and (e) 
of the definition of Permitted Transfers, Grantor shall provide Beneficiary 
with five (5) days prior written notice) and except as specifically allowed 
herein in this Deed of Trust, in the event that the Real Property or 
Improvements which constitutes real property or any part thereof or 
interest therein or direct or indirect interest in Grantor shall be sold, 
conveyed, disposed of, alienated, hypothecated, leased (except to Tenants 
of space in the Improvements in accordance with the provisions of this Deed 
of Trust), assigned, pledged, mortgaged, further encumbered or otherwise 
transferred or Grantor shall be divested of its title to the Real Property 
or Improvements which constitutes real property or any interest therein, in 
any manner or way, whether voluntarily or involuntarily (each of the 
foregoing being a "Transfer"), without, in each instance, the prior written 
consent of Beneficiary being first obtained, which consent may be withheld 
in Beneficiary’s sole and absolute discretion, then, the same shall 
constitute an Event of Default hereunder and Beneficiary shall have the 
right, at its option, to declare any or all of the Loan, irrespective of 
the maturity date specified in the Note, immediately due and payable and to 
otherwise exercise any of its other rights and remedies contained in 
Article IV hereof. If such acceleration is a result of Grantor’s failure to 
obtain written consent



25    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


to a Transfer in accordance with this Deed of Trust and is during any 
period when a prepayment fee is payable pursuant to the provisions set 
forth in the Note, then, in addition to all of the foregoing, such 
prepayment fee shall also then be immediately due and payable to the same 
end as though Grantor were prepaying the entire Loan on the date of such 
acceleration. For the purposes of this Section each of the following shall 
be deemed to be a Transfer: (i) in the event either Grantor or any of its 
shareholders, general partners or members is a corporation or trust, the 
direct or indirect sale, conveyance, transfer or disposition, alienation, 
hypothecation, or encumbering of more than 10% of the issued and 
outstanding capital stock of Grantor or any of its shareholders, general 
partners or members or of the beneficial interest of such trust (or the 
issuance of new shares of capital stock in Grantor or any of its 
shareholders, general partners or members; and (ii) in the event Grantor or 
any shareholder, general partner or managing member of Grantor is a limited 
or general partnership, a joint venture or a limited liability company, a 
change of any general partner, joint venturer, limited liability company 
manager or managing member or a change in the ownership interests in any 
general partner, joint venturer, limited liability company manager or 
managing member, either voluntarily, involuntarily or otherwise, or the 
sale, conveyance, transfer, disposition, alienation, hypothecation or 
encumbering of all or any portion of the interest of any shareholder, 
general partner, joint venturer, limited liability company manager or 
managing member in Grantor or such shareholder, general partner, joint 
venturer, limited liability company manager or managing member (whether in 
the form of a beneficial or ownership interest or in the form of a power of 
direction, control or management, or otherwise), and (iii) any change or 
transfer in respect of the Property or any interest therein, or any direct 
or indirect change or transfer in Grantor or any interest therein, 
resulting in any change in the management or control of Grantor or the 
Property. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything 
contained in this Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents to the 
contrary, it is expressly stated that a Permitted Transfer may be 
consummated without the consent of Beneficiary. Notwithstanding anything 
herein that may be interpreted to the contrary, the sale, assignment, and 
transfer of shares of stock or other ownership interests in Guarantor shall 
not be a default hereunder or require consent of Lender as long as such 
transfer complies with Section 1.43 of this Deed of Trust.


2.17    Condominiums.   


      Master Condominium


(a)    Grantor shall promptly pay, when due, all assessments, special 
assessments, and other charges imposed by the Association pursuant to the 
provisions of the Condominium Documents. Grantor, upon the request of 
Beneficiary, shall produce reasonably satisfactory evidence of such 
payments.


(b)    Grantor shall comply with all of the terms and conditions of the 
Condominium Documents.


(c)    Grantor shall not, and shall not permit any representative of 
Grantor to, without the prior written consent of Beneficiary, provide its 
consent as a member of the Board of Directors (as defined in the 
Declaration) or in any other capacity, for the Condominium, the 
Association, its Board of Directors and/or its officers to:


(1)    abandon or terminate the Condominium;


(2)    amend any or all of the Condominium Documents, in a manner that 
would change the Share (as defined in the Declaration) of any Unit (as 
defined in the Declaration) or the basis upon which assessments are 
determined;



26    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(3)    relocate any of the unit boundaries and/or the Master Common 
Elements (as defined in the Declaration);


(4)    permit the present Master Common Elements to be allocated to unit(s) 
as Master Limited Common Elements to be used by less than all unit owners;


(5)    apply insurance proceeds other than in accordance with the 
provisions of this Deed of Trust after a casualty or condemnation unless 
otherwise required by the Act; or


(6)    amend the amounts or types of insurance coverage obtained by Grantor 
on behalf of itself, the Association or any unit owner, or to change the 
insurance trustee, if any.


(d)    Upon request of Beneficiary, Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary a 
duly executed proxy, which proxy shall be irrevocable and coupled with an 
interest, and which shall enable Beneficiary to cast the Grantor’s votes in 
the Association with respect to (a) matters relating to those items set 
forth in this Section 2.17, and (b) during the continuance of an Event of 
Default, all Association matters, whether by meeting or otherwise. It is 
the intention of Grantor and Beneficiary that Beneficiary shall hold such a 
proxy until the Maturity Date.


(e)    Grantor shall have taken all steps necessary under the Condominium 
Documents to cause Beneficiary to be a "Mortgagee" under the Declaration., 
and to cause the Association to provide Beneficiary with the reports and 
notices provided for in the Declaration and to cause the Association to 
provide Beneficiary with written notice of any complaints brought against 
the Association, its Board of Directors, or the officers, employees or 
agents in their capacities as such and/or the unit owners as members of the 
Association.


(f)    Grantor agrees to execute, upon request of Beneficiary, any and all 
amendments to the Loan Documents to correct omissions or inconsistencies 
due to the existence and/or effect of the Act. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the terms of the Loan Documents and the Condominium 
Documents, as between Grantor and Beneficiary the terms of the Loan 
Documents shall control, unless specifically prohibited by the Act.


(g)    In the event the Association fails at any time to maintain 
satisfactory insurance coverages in amounts satisfactory to Beneficiary on 
the Master Common Elements of the Condominium, Grantor, upon the request of 
Beneficiary, shall obtain separate insurance coverage on the Master Common 
Elements as requested for the benefit of Beneficiary, the Association and 
any other unit owner of the Condominium.


(h)    Beneficiary shall be entitled and Grantor shall cause Beneficiary to 
receive in a reasonably timely manner the following:


(1)    Copies of budgets, notices of assessment, or any other notices or 
statements provided under the Declaration by the Board of Directors to the 
owner of the Units covered by the Mortgage;


(2)    Any financial statements of the Association which are prepared for 
the Association and distributed to the unit owners;


(3)    Copies of notices of meetings of the unit owners and the right to 
designate a representative to attend such meetings;



27    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(4)    Notice of the decision of the unit owners to make any material 
amendment to the Declaration;


(5)    Notice of substantial damage to or destruction of any Unit of the 
Condominium or any part of the Common Elements;


(6)    Notice of the commencement of any condemnation or eminent domain 
proceedings with respect to any part of the Condominium;


(7)    Notice of any default by the Grantor under the Condominium 
Documents; and


(8)    The right to examine the books and records of the Association at any 
reasonable time.


2.18    Subordinate Mortgages.   Beneficiary prohibits any other Lien on 
the Property other than Permitted Encumbrances ("Subordinate Mortgage"), 
but if the prohibition on Grantor's execution of any Subordinate Mortgage 
is unenforceable under applicable law, Grantor shall not execute any 
Subordinate Mortgage unless Grantor has first delivered to Beneficiary a 
written agreement, acceptable to Beneficiary, executed by the holder of the 
Subordinate Mortgage which provides that (a) the Subordinate Mortgage and 
the right to payment thereunder is and shall at all times remain 
unconditionally subject and subordinate to this Deed of Trust and the right 
of payment hereunder; (b) if any action or proceeding is commenced to 
foreclose the Subordinate Mortgage, no Tenant under any Lease shall be 
named as a defendant in such action or proceeding, nor shall such action or 
proceeding terminate any Lease, without Beneficiary's prior written 
consent; (c) all Rents and Profits, whether collected directly by the 
holder of the Subordinate Mortgage or through a receiver, shall be held in 
trust for Beneficiary, paid over to the Beneficiary and applied first to 
the Obligations hereunder, second to the payment of the Impositions, and 
thereafter to payment of maintenance and operating costs relating to the 
Property; and (d) the holder of the Subordinate Mortgage shall give written 
notice to Beneficiary not later than ten (10) days prior to commencing any 
judicial or nonjudicial action or proceeding to foreclose the Subordinate 
Mortgage. Grantor acknowledges and agrees that Beneficiary's determination 
as to whether or not to grant its consent to any proposed Subordinate 
Mortgage shall be based upon, among other things, the debt coverage ratio 
of the combined Obligations secured by this Deed of Trust and the 
indebtedness to be secured by such proposed Subordinate Mortgage, in 
addition to such other factors as Beneficiary, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, shall determine to be relevant or appropriate.


2.19    Fixtures.   Notwithstanding Section 2.16 above, Grantor may from 
time to time replace any Fixtures constituting a part of the Property, 
provided that (a) the replacement property for such Fixtures is at least 
equivalent in value, character, and quality to the Fixtures being replaced; 
(b) Grantor has good and marketable title to such replacement property free 
and clear of all liens, claims, and interests other than the lien of this 
Deed of Trust; and (c) this Deed of Trust shall constitute a first lien on 
such replacement Property. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set 
forth in this Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents, Grantor shall have 
the right to consummate Permitted Equipment Financing without the consent 
of Beneficiary.


2.20    Leasing.  Grantor covenants and agrees that it shall not without 
the prior written approval of Beneficiary in each instance, which approval 
may be withheld in Beneficiary’s sole and absolute discretion: (a) enter 
into, modify, or amend any new Lease other than a Permitted Lease; (b) 
terminate, cancel, accept a surrender of, or waive any of the Leases 
(including but not limited to, any guaranty, letter of credit or other 
credit support thereof); (c) collect rent under any of the Leases for more 
than one (1) month in advance; (d) agree to subordinate any of the Leases 
to any other Lien (excluding any subordination of Grantor's landlord lien 
rights to any lender providing financing to a tenant, at Grantor's 
discretion or as required under the



28    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


applicable Lease); (e) discount the rent or other amounts payable under any 
of the Leases or release any Tenant or any other party liable for the 
performance of any Tenant's obligations under any of the Leases; (f) 
consent to any sublease or to the assignment of all or part of any Tenant's 
interest under the Leases; or (g) in any other manner impair Beneficiary's 
rights with respect to or interest in the Rents and Profits. Any attempted 
entering into, termination, cancellation, surrender, modification, 
amendment, or subordination of a Lease in violation of this Section shall 
be void. Grantor shall give immediate written notice to Beneficiary of (i) 
any material default by any Tenant under any of the Leases; (ii) any notice 
received by Grantor from any Tenant under any of the Leases claiming any 
default or breach by Grantor under such Tenant's Lease; and (iii) any other 
default by Grantor under any of the Leases of which Grantor is aware. Upon 
Beneficiary's request, Grantor shall furnish to Beneficiary all information 
which Beneficiary may require regarding Grantor's performance under any or 
all of the Leases. Beneficiary shall respond to any request for consent 
under Section 2.20 within ten (10) days of receipt of any such request for 
consent, which request must be accompanied by all information and 
documentation that Beneficiary may reasonably require in order to make its 
determination with respect to such request (“Accompanying Information”), 
including without limitation, to the extent applicable, the following: (i) 
a narrative from Grantor detailing the request for consent being sought 
from Beneficiary, (ii) a copy of the proposed Lease or amendment, 
termination, sublease or assignment of the existing Lease, or any letter of 
intent, proposal or term sheet evidencing any of the foregoing, and (iii) 
financial statements, credit checks, background searches and any other due 
diligence in the possession of Grantor regarding any proposed tenant, 
guarantor, sublessee or assignee. In the event that Beneficiary shall fail 
to respond to any request for consent under Section 2.20 within such ten 
(10) day period, Grantor may send a second request, which shall state in 
capitalized, bold faced 16 point type at the top of the first page that: 
“If Beneficiary fails to approve or disapprove the request within ten (10) 
business days, such request shall be deemed approved”, and if the 
Beneficiary shall fail to respond to such second request within such ten 
(10) business day period, the request shall be deemed approved by the 
Beneficiary, provided that the Grantor has provided Beneficiary with the 
Accompanying Information.


2.21    Leases.   Upon Beneficiary's request, Grantor shall execute, 
acknowledge and deliver to Beneficiary an absolute and unconditional 
assignment acceptable to Beneficiary of all of Grantor's interests in all 
Leases and all guaranties of and security for the Tenants' respective 
obligations under the Leases.


2.22    Attornment at Beneficiary's Option.   To the fullest extent allowed 
by applicable law, each Tenant who enters into a Lease for the Property 
after the date of recordation of this Deed of Trust (each such Lease is 
referred to as a "Subordinate Lease") and who has not entered into a 
written non-disturbance and attornment agreement with Beneficiary shall be 
deemed to have agreed to attorn to Beneficiary and accept Beneficiary as 
the landlord under its Lease on the terms of this Section. If Beneficiary 
acquires title to the Property by judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure under 
this Deed of Trust or by deed in lieu of foreclosure under this Deed of 
Trust, Beneficiary, at its option, shall have the right to require any or 
all Tenants under Subordinate Leases to attorn to and accept Beneficiary as 
the landlord under such Tenant's Subordinate Lease (the "Attornment 
Option") by giving written notice to such Tenant within thirty (30) days 
after the date on which Beneficiary acquires title to the Property (the 
"Acquisition Date"). If Beneficiary exercises the Attornment Option with 
respect to any Subordinate Lease, such attornment shall be effective and 
self-operative as of the Acquisition Date without the execution of any 
further documents on the part of the Tenant, Beneficiary, or any other 
party, and the Tenant under the Subordinate Lease shall be bound to 
Beneficiary under all of the terms, covenants, and conditions of the 
Subordinate Lease for the remaining balance of the term thereof, with the 
same force and effect as if Beneficiary were the landlord under such Lease. 
Whether or not Beneficiary exercises its Attornment Option with respect to 
any Subordinate Lease, Beneficiary (a) shall not be liable for any act or 
omission of any prior landlord under any Subordinate Lease, including 
Grantor; (b) shall not be subject to any offset, defense, or claim which 
any Tenant may have against any prior landlord under any Subordinate Lease, 
including Grantor; (c) shall not be obligated (i) to return any



29    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


security deposit now or hereafter paid by any Tenant; (ii) to return any 
prepaid rent or other amounts prepaid by any Tenant; or (iii) to grant any 
Tenant a credit for any such security deposit, prepaid rent or other 
prepaid amounts (excluding monthly rent and other charges which have not 
been prepaid for more than one month in advance), except to the extent, if 
any, that Beneficiary has actually and unconditionally received such 
security deposit, prepaid rent or other prepaid amounts; and (d) shall not 
be obligated to complete the construction of any or all improvements. 
Without limiting the terms of this Section, upon Beneficiary's request, 
each Tenant under a Subordinate Lease shall execute and deliver to 
Beneficiary any document which Beneficiary determines to be necessary or 
appropriate to evidence such Tenant's attornment to Beneficiary on the 
terms of this Section, including a new lease with Beneficiary on the same 
terms and conditions as the Subordinate Lease for a term equal to the 
unexpired term of the Subordinate Lease. Nothing contained in this Section 
shall be deemed to obligate Beneficiary to recognize any Subordinate Lease 
or accept an attornment by any Tenant upon Beneficiary's acquisition of 
title to the Property. If Beneficiary elects not to exercise the Attornment 
Option within the time period specified in this Section with respect to any 
Subordinate Lease, such Subordinate Lease and all of the rights, privileges 
and powers of the Tenant thereunder shall automatically terminate and shall 
be of no further force or effect from and after the Acquisition Date. 
Beneficiary shall provide nondisturbance protection to new Tenants at the 
Property pursuant to a written agreement the form of which shall be 
acceptable to Beneficiary in its reasonable discretion.


2.23    Compliance with Leases.   Grantor (a) shall perform all obligations 
of the landlord under the Leases and shall not permit or suffer any default 
by Grantor under the terms of any of the Leases; and (b) shall diligently 
enforce all remedies available to Grantor in the event of a default by any 
Tenant under any of the Leases, except to the extent Grantor elects not to 
enforce such remedies in its good faith business judgment.


2.24    Franchise Agreements, Liquor Licenses and Operating Licenses. 
Grantor covenants and agrees that it shall not and shall not permit Hotel 
Lessee to, without the prior written approval of Beneficiary in each 
instance, which approval may be withheld in Beneficiary’s sole and absolute 
discretion: (a) enter into any Franchise Agreement; (b) terminate, cancel, 
modify, amend or waive any Franchise Agreement; or (c) assign any Franchise 
Agreement to a Person other than Beneficiary. Grantor shall or shall cause 
Hotel Lessee to (a) perform in all material respects all of its obligations 
under any Franchise Agreement and shall not permit or suffer any default by 
Grantor or Hotel Lessee, as applicable under the terms of any Franchise 
Agreement; and (b) diligently enforce all remedies available to Grantor or 
Hotel Lessee, as applicable, in the event of a default by the franchisor 
under any Franchise Agreement. Within ten (10) days of receipt, Grantor 
shall provide Beneficiary with copies of all material notices, reports, 
correspondence and other documents received by Grantor or Hotel Lessee, as 
applicable from any franchisor under any Franchise Agreement and Grantor 
shall contemporaneously provide Beneficiary with copies of all material 
notices, inspection reports, correspondence and other documents provided by 
Grantor or Hotel Lessee, as applicable to any franchisor under any 
Franchise Agreement. Grantor shall or shall cause Hotel Lessee to, obtain, 
maintain, keep current and in full force and effect at all times or shall 
cause to be obtained, maintained, kept current and in full force and effect 
at all times, all Liquor Licenses and Operating Licenses and shall not, 
except to Beneficiary, assign, or relinquish any rights under, the Liquor 
Licenses. Grantor hereby agrees that, upon an Event of Default, upon 
request from Beneficiary, Grantor will cooperate and take such actions or 
cause any third party which may hold the Liquor Licenses and Operational 
Licenses to cooperate and take such actions, which may be necessary in 
order to effectuate the transition of the operations and management of the 
Property to Beneficiary, including without limitation, continuing to hold 
the Liquor Licenses and Operational Licenses, which are not assignable, for 
the benefit of Beneficiary until such time as Beneficiary can obtain such 
Liquor Licenses and Operational Licenses in its own name or the name of a 
nominee.


2.25    Financial Statements; Books and Records; Estoppel Certificates and 
Recertifications.



30    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(a)    Financial Statements.   Within ninety (90) days after the close of 
Grantor's fiscal year, Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary a balance sheet 
and a statement of profit and loss for Grantor for such fiscal year. Within 
ten (10) business days after filing reports with the Securities Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”), Grantor shall cause Guarantor to provide Beneficiary 
with a balance sheet and statement of profit and loss for Guarantor for 
such fiscal year. Within ninety (90) days after the close of the fiscal 
year for (a) the managing member of Grantor and (b) each Person who is an 
Affiliate with Grantor and who occupies or operates a business on all or a 
part of the Property, including without limitation any property manager or 
manager of food or beverage services (each, together with Grantor and 
Guarantor, a “Reporting Entity” and collectively the “Reporting Entities”), 
Grantor shall cause each such Reporting Entity to provide Beneficiary with 
a balance sheet and a statement of profit and loss for such Reporting 
Entity for such fiscal year. Within ten (10) business days after the filing 
of quarterly statements with the SEC, Grantor shall cause each and every 
Guarantor to provide Beneficiary with a balance sheet and a statement of 
profit and loss for each such Guarantor for each such previous calendar 
quarter. Grantor shall cause all financial statements furnished to 
Beneficiary under this Section to be certified by the party to whom such 
statements apply. If any Reporting Entity has audited financial statements 
prepared, Grantor shall cause a copy of such audited financial statements 
to be delivered to Beneficiary within fifteen (15) days after such 
statements are received by Grantor or the Person to whom such statements 
apply. Grantor and each Reporting Entity shall, by submitting such 
statements to Beneficiary, be conclusively deemed to have certified to 
Beneficiary, in addition to any other certifications contained in such 
statements, that the financial statements furnished to Beneficiary (i) are 
accurate and complete in all material respects as of the dates appearing 
thereon; (ii) present fairly the financial condition and results of 
operations of the Person to whom the statements apply as of the date and 
for the period shown in such statements; and (iii) disclose all suits, 
actions, proceedings and contingent liabilities affecting the Person to 
whom the financial statements apply. Grantor shall provide Beneficiary with 
such other information concerning the financial condition and affairs of 
each Reporting Entity as Beneficiary may reasonably require within ten (10) 
business days after Beneficiary's request for such information. Grantor 
shall deliver to Beneficiary, or cause to be delivered to Beneficiary, a 
complete and accurate copy of each federal income tax return filed by 
Grantor and any Reporting Entity within thirty (30) days after the date on 
which each such return is filed. For purposes of this Deed of Trust except 
for in Sections 2.31 and 2.32 of this Deed of Trust, the term "Affiliate" 
shall include the following Persons occupying or operating a business on 
all or part of the Property: [1] any Person who directly or indirectly 
controls, Grantor, the managing member of Grantor (“Manager”), or any 
Guarantor; [2] any Person, ten percent (10%) or more of the direct or 
indirect outstanding securities or equity, partnership or membership 
interests of which are held beneficially or of record by Grantor, Manager 
or any Guarantor; [3] any shareholder, officer, director, or agent of 
Grantor, Manager or any Guarantor; or [4] if Grantor, Manager or any 
Guarantor, is an officer, director, or partner of any partnership or 
corporation other than Grantor, the partnership or corporation for which 
such Person acts in such capacity. For purposes of this Section, the term 
"control" means the direct or indirect power or effective ability to cause 
the direction of the management or policies of any Person, whether through 
the ownership of voting securities, by contract, family relationship, or 
otherwise.


(b)    Operating Statements and Budgets.  Within forty-five (45) days after 
the end of each calendar year, within forty five (45) days after the end of 
each calendar quarter, within thirty (30) days after the end of each 
calendar month, and within ten (10) business days after Beneficiary's 
request from time to time, Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary an accurate 
and complete operating statement for the Property for the immediately 
preceding calendar year, quarter or one (1) month period as applicable. All 
such operating statements shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to 
Beneficiary and shall contain such detail as Beneficiary may reasonably 
require. Each operating statement delivered by Grantor to Beneficiary under 
this Section shall be signed by Grantor and shall be certified as being 
accurate and complete in all material respects by Grantor. Within thirty 
(30) days after the end of each calendar quarter, Grantor shall also 
provide Beneficiary with a financial analysis of the Property which shall 
initially be in the form attached to the Closing Certificate



31    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


as Exhibit I (“Quarterly Financial Analysis”). Beneficiary shall have the 
right to require changes in the form of the Quarterly Financial Analysis. 
Each Operating Statement and Quarterly Financial Analysis delivered by 
Grantor to Beneficiary under this Section shall be signed by Grantor and 
shall be certified as being accurate and complete in all material respects 
by Grantor. No later than December 20 of the prior year, Grantor shall 
deliver to Beneficiary a complete and materially accurate budget in form 
and substance reasonably acceptable to Beneficiary, including without 
limitation for capital items, for the Property for the following year. 
Within thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar month, Grantor shall 
provide Beneficiary with bank statements regarding the Replacement Reserve 
Fund.


(c)    Rental Statements.  Within forty-five (45) days after the end of 
each calendar year and after the end of each calendar quarter, and within 
ten (10) business days after Beneficiary's request from time to time, 
Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary an accurate and complete rental 
statement for the Property (the "Rent Statement") as of the last day of the 
most recent calendar month showing (i) the leasing status of all retail 
space in the Buildings that is leased or available for lease, including 
information as to whether such space is vacant or subject to a Lease; and 
(ii) with respect to each retail space in the Buildings that has been 
leased, [A] the name of the Tenant renting the space; [B] the premises 
occupied by each of the Tenants; [C] the current monthly rent and all other 
amounts payable by such Tenant under such Lease and delinquencies related 
thereto; [D] the total amount of all prepaid rent received by Grantor from 
such Tenant; [E] the total amount of any security deposit or other deposit 
received by Grantor from such Tenant; [F] the expiration date of the term 
of such Lease or nature of the tenancy under such Lease; [G] the rent 
payment dates and the amount of any delinquent rent or other payments owing 
by such Tenant; [H] extension or renewal options under the Leases; [I] any 
rent or other concessions granted to, and any claims or offsets asserted 
by, any Tenants; and [J] such other information as Beneficiary may 
reasonably designate. Each Rent Statement delivered by Grantor to 
Beneficiary under this Section or Section 2.25(e) below shall be signed by 
Grantor and shall be certified as being accurate and complete by Grantor in 
all material respects. Grantor shall provide Beneficiary with the Rent 
Statements described in this Section whether the Buildings are occupied by 
one or more Affiliates, a single tenant or user, or multiple tenants or 
users. In addition, within forty-five (45) days after the end of each 
calendar year and within ten (10) business days after Beneficiary's request 
from time to time, Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary an accurate and 
complete rental statement for the Hotel Lease.


(d)    Books and Records.   Grantor shall keep and maintain complete and 
accurate Books and Records at Grantor's principal place of business, and 
Grantor shall not remove the Books and Records from such location without 
Beneficiary's prior written consent. Upon reasonable prior written notice 
and during regular business hours, Beneficiary shall have access to the 
Books and Records at all reasonable times for the purposes of examination, 
inspection, verification, copying and for any other reasonable purpose. The 
Books and Records shall include a complete and accurate record of all costs 
incurred and payments made in connection with the design, construction, 
improvement, development, use, ownership, operation, maintenance, repair, 
and marketing of the Property. If (i) Grantor fails to provide Beneficiary 
with any annual financial statement or income tax return, budget, annual 
operating statement, or annual Rent Statement which Grantor is required to 
deliver to Beneficiary under Sections 2.25(a), 2.25(b) and 2.25(c) above 
within the required time period; and (ii) Grantor fails to cure such 
failure within ten (10) days after the date on which written notice is 
given by Beneficiary to Grantor notifying Grantor of such failure and of 
the fact that a late charge will be imposed on Grantor if Grantor fails to 
cure the failure within the time provided by this Section, then, in 
addition to all other remedies that Beneficiary may have under this Deed of 
Trust, Grantor shall immediately pay a late charge to Beneficiary equal to 
$500 to compensate Beneficiary for administrative costs and expenses 
incurred in connection with such late performance by Grantor. Grantor 
agrees that the actual damages suffered by Beneficiary because of any 
failure to deliver the information described in the immediately preceding 
sentence are extremely difficult and impracticable to ascertain, and the 
late charge



32    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


described in this Section represents a reasonable attempt to fix such 
damages under the circumstances existing at the time this Deed of Trust is 
executed. Beneficiary's acceptance of any late charge shall not constitute 
a waiver of any breach by Grantor of its obligation to provide the 
information required by Section 2.25 of this Deed of Trust or any of the 
other terms of the Loan Documents and shall not affect Beneficiary's right 
to enforce any of its rights and remedies against Grantor or any other any 
Person under the Loan Documents.


(e)    Additional Reports and Information.   Within ten (10) business days 
after Beneficiary's request from time to time, Grantor shall deliver to 
Beneficiary such additional information available to Grantor and reports as 
Beneficiary may reasonably request concerning the Property and the business 
and affairs of Grantor or any Guarantor or Affiliate, that Beneficiary may 
reasonably request, including (i) a balance sheet and profit and loss 
statement for the most recent fiscal year and for the most recent fiscal 
year-to-date quarterly period or periods of Grantor or any Guarantor and 
Manager, each of which shall be certified and otherwise prepared in 
accordance with the requirements of Section 2.25(a) above; (ii) monthly 
operating statements from Grantor for the Property for each calendar month 
containing the same detailed information required to be included in the 
operating statements described in Section 2.25(b) above; (iii) monthly Rent 
Statements from Grantor for the Property for each calendar month containing 
the same detailed information required to be included in the Rent 
Statements described in Section 2.25(c) above; (iv) copies of all financial 
statements and reports that Grantor sends to its partners or shareholders, 
if any; (v) copies of all reports which are available for public inspection 
or which Grantor is required to file with any Governmental Authorities; 
(vi) a certificate executed by Grantor, dated within ten (10) business days 
of the date of delivery of such certificate to Beneficiary, stating that 
Grantor knows of no Event of Default under the Loan Documents or, if an 
Event of Default exists, stating the nature of the default and what action 
Grantor has taken or proposes to take with respect to such Event of 
Default; (vii) to the extent in possession of Grantor, complete and 
accurate as-built plans for all Buildings located on the Real Property; 
(viii) complete and accurate copies of all Leases and any currently 
effective letters of intent or proposals to lease all or part of the 
Property received or made by or behalf of Grantor; and (ix) the most recent 
years' federal income tax returns for Grantor or any Guarantor, General 
Partner, Manager, or Affiliate. All financial statements that are required 
to be provided to Beneficiary under this Section 2.25 shall be on Grantor's 
standard form of financial statement, unless Beneficiary specifically 
requires or approves a reasonable alternate form, in which case such 
financial statements shall be provided on such alternate form. Beneficiary 
may exercise its rights to require additional reports and information under 
this Section at any time and from time to time on such periodic basis as 
Beneficiary shall determine to be necessary or appropriate, including 
annual requests on the anniversary of the date of recordation of this Deed 
of Trust. Additionally, Grantor shall provide to Beneficiary, within ten 
(10) business days of receipt thereof, all material reports and information 
received from, or with respect, to the Condominium and Association and the 
franchisor under the Franchise Agreement.


(f)    Notice of Certain Matters.   Grantor shall promptly notify 
Beneficiary in writing of (i) any claim, demand, right, or Lien relating to 
the Property; (ii) any material loss, depreciation, or adverse change in 
the value of the Property and any other occurrence which may materially and 
adversely affect Beneficiary's lien on the Property; (iii) any adverse 
change in Grantor's ability to perform any or all of the Obligations; (iv) 
any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default; and (v) any 
dispute between Grantor and any Governmental Authority relating to the 
Property which may have a material adverse effect on the Property.


(g)    Estoppel Certificates.   Within twenty (20) business days after 
Beneficiary's request (but no more than twice in any twelve month period), 
Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary a written statement signed and 
acknowledged by Grantor stating (i) the amount of all monetary Obligations 
secured by this Deed of Trust; (ii) to the knowledge of Grantor, whether 
any Default or Event of Default has occurred hereunder; (iii) whether 
Grantor contends that any offsets or defenses exist against the Obligations 
secured by this Deed



33    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


of Trust and whether Grantor has any known claims of any kind against 
Beneficiary; and (iv) such other information with respect to the 
Obligations or the Loan Documents as Beneficiary may reasonably require, 
including evidence acceptable to Beneficiary of Grantor's compliance with 
any of the terms of the Loan Documents which are specifically identified in 
Beneficiary's request. With respect to all statements, information and 
reports that Grantor submits to Beneficiary pursuant to this Deed of Trust, 
including pursuant to this Section 2.25, Grantor shall be deemed 
conclusively to have certified to Beneficiary, whether or not such 
statements, information or reports have been signed by Grantor, that [A] 
such statements, information and reports are accurate and complete in all 
material respects as of the date or for such periods as may be shown in the 
statements, information, and reports; and [B] such statements, information, 
and reports do not omit to state any facts or other information so as to 
make the statements, information, or reports submitted to Beneficiary 
misleading in any material respect.


(h)    Form of Statements. All financial statements and operating 
statements required to be submitted pursuant to this Deed of Trust or any 
other Loan Document shall be prepared in accordance with one of the 
following: (i) GAAP, (ii) the Uniform System of Accounts for Hotels, 
current edition, or (iii) tax accounting principles consistently applied. 
Beneficiary acknowledges that some of the financial statements and 
operating statements required by this Deed of Trust will be prepared by the 
unaffiliated entity that operates the Property under the existing Franchise 
Agreement, and Beneficiary agrees that the form of the financial statements 
or operating statements previously provided to Grantor by such unaffiliated 
entity shall be acceptable to Beneficiary.


(i)    Recertification. Upon Beneficiary’s request from time to time during 
the term of the Loan (but no more than twice in any twelve month period), 
Grantor agrees deliver a certification confirming that, to the actual 
knowledge of Grantor, the representations and warranties set forth in this 
Deed of Trust remain true and correct as of the date of such 
certification(or updating any such representations and warranties as 
appropriate) and confirming, to the actually knowledge of Grantor, 
Grantor’s compliance with the covenants contained in this Deed of Trust as 
of the date of such certification.


2.26    Inspection and Investigations.   Beneficiary, if acting in good 
faith and for a valid business purpose, shall have the right at all 
reasonable times and upon reasonable prior written notice (a) to enter upon 
and inspect the Property, including any entry which Beneficiary determines 
is necessary or appropriate in connection with enforcing or exercising any 
right, remedy or power available to or conferred on Beneficiary under the 
Loan Documents; (b) to contact any Person to verify any information 
provided or disclosed by Grantor to Beneficiary; and (c) to release such 
information regarding the Property, Grantor, or the Obligations as 
Beneficiary may determine to be necessary or appropriate in connection with 
enforcing or exercising any right, remedy or power available to or 
conferred on Beneficiary under the Loan Documents. Without limiting any 
other provision of the Loan Documents, Grantor, for itself and on behalf of 
each Manager of Grantor, and each Guarantor, as applicable, irrevocably 
authorizes Beneficiary, without further notice to or approval of Grantor or 
any other Person, to request and obtain at any time and from time to time 
(whether before or after the closing of the Loan) any and all information 
and to make or have made any other investigative inquiries that Beneficiary 
determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with Beneficiary’s 
origination, closing, servicing, administration, modification, extension, 
renewal, transfer, or enforcement of the Loan or in connection with any of 
the transactions that are the subject of the Loan Documents, including (i) 
information bearing on the credit worthiness, credit standing, credit 
capacity, character, general reputation, experience, or expertise of 
Grantor, each Manager of Grantor, and each Guarantor, respectively, as 
applicable; and (ii) credit reports and other reports from one or more 
credit reporting agencies or bureaus bearing on the credit worthiness, 
credit standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, 
experience, or expertise of Grantor, each Manager of Grantor, and each 
Guarantor, respectively, as applicable. Beneficiary shall have no 
obligation or duty to inspect the Property or the Books and Records or to 
perform any investigations, and



34    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


all such inspections and investigations by Beneficiary shall be for 
Beneficiary's sole benefit and not for the benefit of Grantor or any other 
Person.


2.27    Defense of Actions and Protection of Security by Grantor.   Grantor 
shall appear in and defend any action or proceeding commenced by any Person 
other than Beneficiary which affects or which Beneficiary determines may 
affect any or all of the following: (a) the Property; (b) the Insurance 
Claims, Condemnation Claims, or Property Claims; (c) Beneficiary's, 
Trustee's or Grantor's respective rights and obligations under the Loan 
Documents; (d) the Obligations; or (e) any other transaction or matter 
which affects Beneficiary by reason of its interest in the Property. 
Grantor shall promptly commence and diligently prosecute all actions and 
proceedings which are necessary or appropriate or which Beneficiary 
determines may be necessary or appropriate to do any or all of the 
following: (i) prevent any damage, destruction, or injury to the Property; 
(ii) enforce or recover upon the Insurance Claims, Condemnation Claims or 
Property Claims or collect the Insurance Proceeds, Condemnation Proceeds, 
or Property Proceeds; or (iii) to preserve, protect, maintain, and defend 
the Property and Beneficiary's lien thereon.


2.28    Leasehold Estates.


(a)    Grantor's Obligations under Ground Lease.   If this Deed of Trust 
encumbers a Ground Lease, Grantor (i) shall perform all obligations of the 
tenant under the Ground Lease and shall not permit or suffer any default by 
Grantor under the terms of the Ground Lease; (ii) shall not amend, modify, 
terminate, cancel, or surrender its interest in the Ground Lease without 
Beneficiary's prior written consent; (iii) shall give immediate written 
notice to Beneficiary of [1] any default by the landlord under the Ground 
Lease (the "Lessor"); [2] any notice received by Grantor from the Lessor of 
any default by Grantor under the Ground Lease; and [3] any other default by 
Grantor under the Ground Lease of which Grantor is aware; and (iv) shall 
furnish to Beneficiary all information which Beneficiary may require 
regarding Grantor's performance under the Ground Lease.


(b)    Leasehold Estate.   If this Deed of Trust encumbers a Ground Lease, 
whenever the context of this Deed of Trust so requires, the term Property 
shall be deemed to include the leasehold estate under the Ground Lease and 
any other interest of Grantor in the real property which is the subject of 
the Ground Lease.


(c)    Acquisition of Title.   If this Deed of Trust encumbers a Ground 
Lease, if Grantor shall, directly or indirectly, acquire fee title or any 
other estate or interest in the real property which is the subject of the 
Ground Lease, this Deed of Trust shall attach to and encumber such fee 
title or other estate or interest without further action by Grantor, 
Trustee or Beneficiary.


(d)    No Merger.   If this Deed of Trust encumbers a Ground Lease, there 
shall be no merger of the leasehold estate arising under the Ground Lease 
with all or any portion of the fee estate in the real property which is the 
subject of the Ground Lease by reason of the fact that such leasehold 
estate may be held by any Person who shall hold all or any portion of such 
fee estate in the real property which is the subject of the Ground Lease, 
unless Beneficiary shall expressly agree otherwise in writing.


(e)    Cure Rights.   If this Deed of Trust encumbers a Ground Lease, if 
Grantor fails to perform any of its obligations as tenant under the Ground 
Lease, Beneficiary shall have the right to pay or perform any or all of 
such obligations in such manner and to such extent as Beneficiary 
determines to be necessary or appropriate to preserve or protect the 
security for the Obligations. All costs and expenses, including without 
limitation attorneys' fees, incurred by Beneficiary in connection with the 
payment or performance of such obligations shall be payable by Grantor to 
Beneficiary on Beneficiary's demand, shall bear interest at the rate 
specified in the Note from the date of expenditure, and shall be deemed to 
be secured



35    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


by this Deed of Trust and all other agreements given by Grantor to secure 
the Note. Nothing contained in this Deed of Trust shall be construed to 
obligate Beneficiary to pay or perform any of Grantor's obligations under 
the Ground Lease, and no election by Beneficiary to pay or perform such 
obligations shall constitute a waiver of any default by Grantor under this 
Deed of Trust.


2.29    Enforcement of Covenants and Restrictions.   If any of the 
Covenants and Restrictions apply to Persons owning or occupying real 
property which is adjacent to or in the vicinity of the Property, Grantor 
shall diligently enforce the Covenants and Restrictions against such 
Persons if (a) such Persons have breached their obligations under the 
Covenants and Restrictions; and (b) such breach has not been cured by such 
Persons within ninety (90) days after a request by Beneficiary to Grantor 
to enforce the Covenants and Restrictions.


2.30    Agricultural Property.   If the Property consists in whole or in 
part of agricultural property, Grantor (a) shall farm the same using good 
and proper practices of husbandry; (b) shall keep all Crops properly 
cultivated, irrigated, fertilized, sprayed, fumigated and maintained; and 
(c) shall promptly replace all dead or unproductive crops, trees or vines.


2.31    Covenants with Respect to Special Purpose Entity.  Grantor hereby 
represents, warrants and covenants, as of the date hereof and until such 
time as the Loan is paid in full, that Grantor:


(a)    shall not engage and will not engage, either directly or indirectly, 
in any business other than the ownership, management, operation and 
maintenance of the Property and activities incidental thereto;


(b)    shall not own and will not own any asset other than (i) the 
Property, and (ii) such incidental personal property necessary for the 
operation of the Property;


(c)    shall not liquidate, terminate or dissolve (or suffer any 
liquidation, termination or dissolution) in whole or in part, or enter into 
any transaction of merger or consolidation or acquire by purchase or 
otherwise all or substantially all the business or assets of, or any stock 
or other evidence of beneficial ownership of any entity nor has Grantor 
heretofore done any of the foregoing;


(d)    has not incurred and shall not incur any debt, secured or unsecured, 
direct or contingent (including, but not limited to, guaranteeing any 
obligation), other than the Permitted Indebtedness;


(e)    shall not, nor shall any partner, limited or general, member or 
shareholder thereof, as applicable, amend, modify or otherwise change its 
partnership certificate, partnership agreement, articles of incorporation, 
by-laws, operating agreement, articles of organization, or other formation 
agreement or document, as applicable, in any manner which adversely affects 
Grantor’s existence as a special purpose entity;


(f)    Intentionally omitted;


(g)    shall maintain correct and complete financial statements, accounts, 
books and records and other entity documents separate from those of any 
other Person, it being agreed that Grantor shall prepare unaudited 
quarterly and annual financial statements; provided, however, that (i) the 
financial statements of Grantor may be included in the consolidated 
financial statements of another Person in accordance with GAAP, provided 
that in each case, such financial statements shall reflect that such Person 
is a separate member of such consolidated group; and (ii) provided further 
that if Grantor is a so-called



36    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


“disregarded entity” under applicable law for tax purposes, and such entity 
is required or permitted to be included in a consolidated return of another 
entity, then such entity may be included in the consolidated return of such 
other entity;


(h)    shall maintain its own separate bank accounts, payroll and correct, 
complete and separate books of account, subject to the proviso in Section 
2.31(g) above;


(i)    shall file or cause to be filed its own separate tax returns, 
subject to the proviso in Section 2.31(g) above;


(j)    shall hold itself out to the public (including any of its 
Affiliates’ creditors) under Grantor’s own name (or its trade name) and as 
a separate and distinct entity and not as a department, division or 
otherwise of any Affiliate;


(k)    shall observe all customary formalities regarding the existence of 
Grantor, including holding meetings to the extent required by Grantor’s 
organizational documents and maintaining current and accurate minute books 
separate from those of any Affiliate of same;


(l)    shall hold title to its assets in its own name and act solely in its 
own name and through its own duly authorized officers and agents. No entity 
that is an Affiliate of Grantor shall be appointed or act as agent of 
Grantor, other than, as applicable, Manager or an asset manager or property 
manager with respect to the Property;


(m)    shall make investments in the name of Grantor directly by Grantor or 
on its behalf by brokers engaged and paid by Grantor or its agents;


(n)    except as set forth in the Loan Documents, shall not guarantee, 
pledge or assume or hold itself out or permit itself to be held out as 
having guaranteed, pledged or assumed any liabilities or obligations of any 
partner, member or shareholder, as applicable, or any Affiliate of Grantor, 
nor shall it make any loan, except as permitted in this Deed of Trust;


(o)    is and will be solvent to the extent there exists sufficient cash 
flow from the Property to remain solvent based on the capitalization of 
Grantor as of the date of this Deed of Trust (provided that neither the 
foregoing clause nor any other provision of the Loan Documents shall be 
construed to require that any owner of an interest in Grantor or any other 
Person make capital contributions or loans to Grantor or otherwise invest 
in Grantor or any of its members, and provided further that the foregoing 
clause shall not be breached solely by reason of any owner of interests in 
Grantor having a negative capital account);


(p)    shall separately identify, maintain and segregate its assets. 
Grantor’s assets shall at all times be held by or on behalf of Grantor and 
if held on behalf of the Grantor by another entity, shall at all times be 
kept identifiable (in accordance with customary usages) as assets owned by 
Grantor. This restriction requires, among other things, that (i) Grantor 
funds shall be deposited or invested in Grantor’s name, (ii) Grantor funds 
shall not be commingled with the funds of any Affiliate or any other 
person, (iii) Grantor shall maintain all accounts in its own name and with 
its own tax identification number, separate from those of any Affiliate or 
any other person and (iv) Grantor funds shall be used only for the business 
of Grantor;


(q)    shall maintain its assets in such a manner that it is not costly or 
difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual assets from 
those of any Affiliate or other person;



37    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(r)    shall pay or cause to be paid its own liabilities and expenses of 
any kind, only out of its own separate funds and assets, except as 
otherwise expressly permitted under this Deed of Trust;


(s)    shall at all times be adequately capitalized for the normal 
obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character 
and in light of the transactions contemplated in its business operations, 
to the extent there exists sufficient cash flow from the Property to do so 
based on the capitalization of Grantor as of the date of this Deed of Trust 
(provided that neither the foregoing clause nor any other provision of the 
Loan Documents shall be construed to require that any owner of an interest 
in Grantor or any other Person make capital contributions or loans to 
Grantor or otherwise invest in Grantor or any member in Grantor, and 
provided further that the foregoing clause shall not be breached solely by 
reason of any owner of interest in Grantor having a negative capital 
account);


(t)    shall not do any act which would make it impossible to carry on the 
ordinary business of Grantor;


(u)    shall reflect Grantor’s ownership interest in all data and records 
(including computer records) used by the Grantor or any Affiliate of same 
in the collection and administration of any loan;


(v)    shall not invest any of Grantor’s funds in securities issued by, nor 
shall Grantor acquire the indebtedness or obligation of, any Affiliate or 
own any subsidiary;


(w)    shall maintain an arm’s length relationship with each of its 
Affiliates, however, the foregoing shall not preclude Grantor from being a 
party to any transaction with its partners, members, shareholders or 
Affiliates made in the ordinary course of its business and on terms which 
are intrinsically fair and are no less favorable to it than would be 
obtained in a comparable arm’s-length transaction with an unrelated third 
party;


(x)    shall correct any misunderstanding that is known by Grantor 
regarding its name or separate identity;


(y)    has and shall maintain a stated purpose, as set forth in its 
organizational documents, that is expressly limited to owning, operating, 
using and maintaining the Property and activities necessary and incidental 
thereto; and


(z)    shall have at least one (1) Independent Manager. In the event of the 
death, incapacity, resignation or removal of an Independent Manager, a 
replacement Independent Manager shall promptly be appointed and no action 
requiring the consent of the Independent Manager shall be taken until a 
replacement Independent Manager has been appointed. In addition, no 
Independent Manager may be removed unless his or her successor satisfying 
the definition hereunder has been appointed.


"Affiliate," for purposes of Section 2.31, means any person or entity which 
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is 
controlled by or is under common control with a specified person or entity. 
For purposes hereof, the terms "control", "controlled", or "controlling" 
with respect to a specified person or entity shall include, without 
limitation, (i) the ownership, control or power to vote ten percent (10%) 
or more of (x) the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or 
(y) beneficial interests, of any such person or entity, as the case may be, 
directly or indirectly, or acting through one or more persons or entities, 
(ii) the control in any manner over such person or entity or the election 
of more than one director



38    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


or trustee (or persons exercising similar functions) of such person or 
entity, or (iii) the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, control 
over the management or policies of such person or entity.


2.32    Intentionally omitted.


2.33    Completion of Certain Improvements.   Subject to the provisions of 
this Section 2.33, Grantor shall complete the repairs, improvements and 
renovations listed on Schedule 2.33 attached hereto ("Required 
Renovations") no later than the second (2nd) anniversary of the date of 
this Deed of Trust. Grantor represents, warrants, and covenants, that a 
portion of the Loan in the amount of $6,500,000 (“Renovation Funds”) shall 
be placed in a bank account subject to a deposit account control agreement 
among Grantor, Beneficiary and the bank on terms and conditions reasonably 
acceptable to Beneficiary, which agreement shall provide that the account 
shall be controlled by or on behalf of Grantor for the sole purpose of 
completing the Required Renovations until the occurrence of (x) an Event of 
Default or (y) the second (2nd) anniversary of the date hereof, and upon 
which the occurrence of (x) or (y), Beneficiary shall be entitled to all 
sums remaining in the account, which shall, at its sole and absolute 
discretion, be applied to the outstanding principal balance of the Loan or 
held and used to complete any outstanding Required Renovations. Grantor 
covenants and agrees that (a) Grantor shall use the Renovation Funds for 
renovation of the 250 hotel rooms located in the building commonly known as 
the Chase Tower (the “Required Room Renovations”) consistent in quality 
with (or of a quality greater than, if Grantor elects to do so in its sole 
discretion) either the room prototype at the Property designed by Daroff 
Design Inc. (“Model A”) or the room prototype at the Property designed by 
Design 11 Studio, LLC (“Model B”) (including the finishings, furniture, 
fixtures, and equipment in such prototype), currently estimated to cost 
$5,800,000 and for which Beneficiary has funded $6,500,000 of proceeds of 
the Loan, and (b) Grantor shall use the remainder (if any) of the 
Renovation Funds after completion of the Required Room Renovations in 
accordance with this Section 2.33 toward the other Required Renovations in 
Grantor’s discretion. However, notwithstanding anything contained in this 
Deed of Trust (including, without limitation, Schedule 2.33) to the 
contrary, in no event shall Grantor be required to spend more than 
$6,500,000 in the aggregate in performing the Required Renovations 
(inclusive of the Required Room Renovations). It is acknowledged and agreed 
that Grantor shall have the right to perform the Required Room Renovations 
consistent with or of a quality greater than Model A or Model B (or a 
combination thereof), as selected by Grantor in its sole discretion. 
Grantor shall provide Beneficiary the following with respect to the 
Required Renovations: (i) paid invoices, receipts or other evidence 
satisfactory to Beneficiary, verifying the cost and payment of Required 
Renovations and the performance of the Required Renovations; (ii) for any 
portion of the Required Renovations costing in excess of $20,000.00, the 
delivery to Beneficiary of affidavits, lien waivers or other evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to Beneficiary showing that all materialmen, 
laborers, subcontractors and any other parties who might or could claim 
statutory or common law liens and are furnishing or have furnished material 
or labor to the Property have been paid all amounts due for labor and 
materials furnished to the Property; (iii) for any portion of the Required 
Renovations costing in excess of $100,000.00, delivery to Beneficiary of a 
certification from an inspecting architect, engineer or other consultant 
reasonably acceptable to Beneficiary (the "Work Inspector") confirming the 
completion of such Required Renovations in accordance with applicable plans 
and Governmental Requirements and the value of the completed Required 
Renovation; (iv) any contract pursuant to which Grantor is contracting for 
the completion of the Required Renovations, or any portion thereof, Grantor 
shall provide such contract to Beneficiary for preapproval, in writing, 
prior to entering into any such contract and (v) the delivery to 
Beneficiary of a new (or amended) certificate of occupancy for the for the 
applicable space to which such Required Repairs relate, upon completion of 
such space or such earlier time as a new (or amended) certificate of 
occupancy is required by law, or a certification acceptable to Beneficiary 
by the Work Inspector that no new (or amended) certificate of occupancy is 
required. Until the date all such Required Renovations are completed, 
Grantor shall provide a monthly report no later than the tenth (10th) day 
of each month detailing the progress of the Required Renovations, which 
report shall include the forms attached as Exhibit J to the



39    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Closing Certificate. With respect to the Required Room Renovations, as the 
Required Room Renovations are completed on each floor of the Chase Tower, 
Grantor shall send written notice of same to Beneficiary, and promptly 
thereafter Beneficiary shall cause the Required Room Renovations performed 
on such floor to be inspected. Within five (5) business days after 
performing such inspection, Beneficiary shall send written notice to 
Grantor either (1) stating that the Required Room Renovations on the 
applicable floor have been completed, or (2) stating that the Required Room 
Renovations on the applicable floor have not been completed and specifying 
in reasonable detail the work that needs to be performed in order for the 
Required Room Renovations on such applicable floor to be completed. 
Beneficiary agrees to act reasonably and consistently in making its 
determination as to whether or not the Required Room Renovations on a floor 
of the Chase Tower have been completed. At such time as the Required Room 
Renovations have been agreed by Beneficiary (acting reasonably) to have 
been completed on the last floor of the Chase Tower on which Required Room 
Renovations are to be performed, the Required Room Renovations shall be 
deemed complete for purposes of this Section 2.33 and for purposes of the 
guaranty executed by REIT with respect to the Required Room Renovations.


2.34    OFAC Lists. Grantor represents and warrants as of the date of this 
Deed of Trust and at all times while the Obligations remain outstanding 
that (i) no Related Entity is (and to Beneficiary’s knowledge after 
diligent inquiry, no other Person holding any legal or beneficial interest 
whatsoever in Beneficiary or Guarantor, directly or indirectly, is) 
included in, owned by, Controlled by, acting for or on behalf of, providing 
assistance, support, sponsorship, or services of any kind to, or otherwise 
associated with any of the Persons referred to or described in any list of 
persons, entities, and governments issued by the Office of Foreign Assets 
Control of the United States Department of the Treasury ("OFAC") pursuant 
to Executive Order 13224 – Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions 
with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism, as 
amended ("Executive Order 13224"), or any similar list issued by OFAC or 
any other department or agency of the United States of America 
(collectively, the "OFAC Lists"), and (ii) none of the Related Entities are 
Controlled by, acting for or on behalf of, providing assistance, support, 
sponsorship, or services of any kind to, or otherwise associated with any 
of the Persons referred to or described in any list of persons, entities, 
and governments issued by OFAC pursuant to Executive Order 13224, or any 
other OFAC Lists. "Related Entity" shall mean Grantor, Guarantor, or any 
general partner, manager or managing member of or Person having a direct or 
indirect interest in, Grantor or Guarantor, and any other Affiliate of 
Grantor or Guarantor which directly or indirectly owns any legal or 
beneficial interest in Grantor.Compliance With Anti-Terrorism Regulations.


(1)    Grantor hereby covenants and agrees that (i) no Related Entity will 
be included in, owned by, Controlled by, act for or on behalf of, provide 
assistance, support, sponsorship, or services of any kind to, or otherwise 
associate with any of the Persons referred to or described in any list of 
persons, entities, and governments issued by OFAC pursuant to Executive 
Order 13224 or any other OFAC Lists, and (ii) none of the Related Entities 
will be Controlled by, act for or on behalf of, provide assistance, 
support, sponsorship, or services of any kind to, or otherwise associate 
with any of the Persons referred to or described in any list of persons, 
entities, and governments issued by OFAC pursuant to Executive Order 13224, 
or any other OFAC Lists. 


(2)    Grantor hereby covenants and agrees that it will comply at all times 
with the requirements of Executive Order 13224; the International Emergency 
Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. Sections 1701-06; the United and 
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept 
and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56; the Iraqi Sanctions 
Act, Pub. L. 101-513, 104 Stat. 2047-55; the United Nations Participation 
Act, 22 U.S.C. Section 287c; the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty 
Act, (enacting 8 U.S.C. Section 219, 18 U.S.C. Section 2332d, and 18 U.S.C. 
Section 2339b); the International Security and Development Cooperation Act, 
22 U.S.C. Section 2349 aa-9; the Terrorism



40    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Sanctions Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 595; the Terrorism List Governments 
Sanctions Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 596; and the Foreign Terrorist 
Organizations Sanctions Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 597 and any similar 
laws are regulation currently in force or hereafter enacted (collectively, 
the "Anti-Terrorism Regulations").


(3)    Grantor hereby covenants and agrees that if it becomes aware or 
receives any notice that any Related Entity is named on any of the OFAC 
Lists (such occurrence, an "OFAC Violation"), Grantor will immediately (i) 
give notice to Beneficiary of such OFAC Violation, and (ii) comply with all 
laws applicable to such OFAC Violation (regardless of whether the party 
included on any of the OFAC Lists is located within the jurisdiction of the 
United States of America), including, without limitation, the 
Anti-Terrorism Regulations, and Grantor hereby authorizes and consents to 
Beneficiary’s taking any and all steps Beneficiary deems necessary, in its 
sole discretion, to comply with all laws applicable to any such OFAC 
Violation, including, without limitation, the requirements of the 
Anti-Terrorism Regulations (including the "freezing" and/or "blocking" of 
assets).


2.35    Property Management.   Any manager of the Property (“Property 
Manager”) and management agreement shall be acceptable to Beneficiary, in 
its sole absolute discretion. Subject to the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement which is approved by Beneficiary as of the date hereof, 
Beneficiary may require Grantor to terminate and replace Property Manager 
with an independent third party manager acceptable to Beneficiary on terms 
and conditions acceptable to Beneficiary upon the occurrence of (i) an 
Event of Default, or (ii) a default by Property Manager under the 
management agreement, beyond all notice and cure periods.


2.36    Intentionally Deleted.


2.37    Right to Contest. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents, Grantor shall 
not be required to (a) pay any Impositions or other charge, or (b) comply 
with any Governmental Requirement, Contract, Covenant and Restriction or 
other obligation to a third party, so long as (1) the Grantor shall (i) 
contest, in good faith, the existence, amount or the validity thereof, the 
amount of damages caused thereby or the extent of its liability therefor, 
by appropriate proceedings which operate during the pendency thereof to 
prevent (A) the sale, forfeiture or loss of, or damage to, the Property or 
any part thereof, and (B) any material interference with the use or 
occupancy of the Property or any part thereof, and (ii) shall give such 
security to Beneficiary as may reasonably be required by Beneficiary to 
ensure compliance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.37 and 
(2) there shall be no enforcement action, proceeding or lawsuit commenced 
with respect to the item being contested. Grantor shall give prompt written 
notice to Beneficiary of the commencement of any contest referred to in 
this Section 2.38.


ARTICLE 3    

EVENTS OF DEFAULT


Beneficiary, at its option, shall have the right to declare Grantor to be 
in default under this Deed of Trust and the other Loan Documents upon the 
occurrence of any or all of the following events (each an "Event of Default
"):


3.1    Payment of Note and Other Monetary Obligations.   If Grantor fails 
to pay any of its indebtedness under the Note or perform any of its other 
obligations under the Loan Documents requiring the payment of money to 
Beneficiary or any third Person when due;


3.2    Performance of Non-Monetary Obligations Under Other Loan Documents.  
 If (a) Grantor fails to perform any of its non-monetary obligations to 
Beneficiary or any third Person under



41    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


any of the Loan Documents when due; and (b) Grantor fails to diligently 
complete a cure of its breach of such non-monetary obligation as soon as 
reasonably practicable after written notice by Beneficiary to Grantor 
setting forth such non-monetary breach, but in any event within thirty (30) 
days after such notice is given; provided, however, that the thirty (30) 
day cure period contained in this Section 3.2 shall not be deemed to apply 
if Grantor commits more than two (2) non-monetary breaches of the same 
covenant or obligation within any twelve (12) calendar month period. For 
purposes of this Section 3.2, the term "non-monetary obligation" means any 
non-monetary obligation of Grantor under any of the terms of the Loan 
Documents, the breach of which is reasonably susceptible to being cured by 
Grantor. Without limiting the generality of the immediately preceding 
sentence, a non-monetary obligation shall not include any of Grantor’s 
obligations to make payments of principal, interest, or other amounts under 
the terms of the Note or any of the other Loan Documents. Without limiting 
any of the terms of this Section 3.2, the cure provision contained in this 
Section 3.2 (the "Cure Provision") shall not apply with respect to any 
breach of Sections 2.16, 2.31, 2.32, 2.34 or 2.35 of this Deed of Trust. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3.2 or 
Section 3.1 above, if Grantor breaches any of the terms of the Loan 
Documents, and if Beneficiary, in its good faith business judgment, 
determines that such breach impairs Beneficiary’s security for the Loan, 
Beneficiary, immediately upon the occurrence of any such breach, shall have 
the right to take such actions and exercise such remedies under the Loan 
Documents as Beneficiary may in good faith determine to be necessary or 
appropriate to avoid such impairment. The preceding sentence is 
specifically intended, among other things, to grant Beneficiary the right 
to immediately obtain fire and extended coverage and other forms of 
insurance with respect to the Property if Grantor fails to obtain or 
maintain any such insurance in effect in accordance with the terms of the 
Loan Documents, notwithstanding the existence of the Cure Provision or any 
other cure period in favor of Grantor;


3.3    Intentionally Deleted.


3.4    Misrepresentation.   If any request, statement, information, 
certification, or representation, whether written or oral, submitted or 
made by Grantor to Beneficiary in connection with the Loan or any other 
extension of credit by Beneficiary to Grantor is false or misleading in any 
material respect;


3.5    Insolvency of Grantor.   If (a) a petition is filed by or against 
Grantor under the federal bankruptcy laws or any other applicable federal 
or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law; (b) a receiver, liquidator, 
trustee, custodian, sequestrator, or other similar official is appointed to 
take possession of Grantor or the Property, or Grantor consents to such 
appointment; (c) Grantor makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors 
or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due; or (d) Grantor 
takes any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; or (e) Grantor 
takes any action in furtherance, provided, however, that Grantor shall have 
forty-five (45) days within which to cause any involuntary bankruptcy 
proceeding to be dismissed or the involuntary appointment of any receiver, 
liquidator, trustee, custodian, or sequestrator to be discharged. The cure 
provision contained in this Section shall be in lieu of, and not in 
addition to, any and all other cure provisions contained in the Loan 
Documents;


3.6    Insolvency of Other Persons.   If any of the events specified in 
parts (a) through (e) of Section 3.5 above occurs with respect to (a) any 
General Partner of Grantor, if Grantor is a partnership; (b) any of the 
Guarantors; or (c) any Manager of Grantor, if Grantor is a limited 
liability company;


3.7    Performance of Obligations to Senior Lien Holders.   If Grantor 
fails to pay any of its indebtedness or to perform any of its obligations 
under any agreement between Grantor and any other Person who holds a Lien 
senior to this Deed of Trust when due, provided Beneficiary determines in 
good faith that such failure has an actual or potential material adverse 
effect on the Property or Grantor's ability to perform any or all of the 
Obligations. Nothing contained in this Section constitutes or shall be 
construed as



42    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Beneficiary’s consent to any Lien being placed on the Property which is 
senior to the lien of this Deed of Trust;


3.8    Attachment.   If all or any material part of the assets of Grantor, 
any of the Guarantors, or any General Partner or Manager of Grantor are 
attached, seized, subjected to a writ or levied upon by any court process 
and Grantor fails to cause such attachment, seizure, writ or levy to be 
fully released or removed within sixty (60) days after the occurrence of 
such event. The cure provision contained in this Section shall be in lieu 
of, and not in addition to, any and all other cure periods contained in the 
Loan Documents;


3.9    Injunctions.   If a court order is entered against Grantor, any of 
the Guarantors, or any General Partner or Manager of Grantor enjoining the 
conduct of all or part of such Person's business and Grantor fails to cause 
such injunction to be fully stayed, dissolved or removed within sixty (60) 
days after such order is entered. The cure provision contained in this 
Section shall be in lieu of, and not in addition to, any and all other cure 
periods contained in the Loan Documents;


3.10    Dissolution.   If Grantor, any of the Guarantors, or any General 
Partner or Manager of Grantor is a corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company or trust, the dissolution, liquidation, or termination of 
existence of such Person;


3.11    Transfers of Partnership Interests.   If Grantor is a partnership 
(a) the admission, withdrawal, death, retirement, or removal of any General 
Partner of Grantor, unless occurring as a result of a Permitted Transfer; 
or (b) a Transfer made not in accordance with this Deed of Trust;


3.12    Transfers of Corporate Ownership.   If Grantor is a corporation, a 
Transfer made not in accordance with this Deed of Trust;


3.13    Transfer of Manager’s Interests.   If Grantor is a limited 
liability company, (a) the appointment, withdrawal, death, retirement or 
removal of any Manager of Grantor, unless occurring as a result of a 
Permitted Transfer; or (b) a Transfer made not in accordance with this Deed 
of Trust;


3.14    Death; Incompetency.   If Grantor, any of the Guarantors, or any 
General Partner or Manager of Grantor is an individual, the death or 
incompetency of such Person, except where applicable law limits or 
prohibits Beneficiary's declaration of a default based on such occurrences; 
provided, however, that Beneficiary shall not declare an Event of Default 
to exist based solely on the death or mental incompetence of any individual 
Guarantor, General Partner, or Manager if, within ninety (90) days after 
the occurrence of such event, (a) in the case of the death or mental 
incompetence of a Guarantor, Grantor causes a substitute guarantor to 
execute and deliver to Beneficiary a continuing guaranty in the form 
previously executed by the affected Guarantor, and Beneficiary in good 
faith determines that such substitute guarantor’s financial condition is 
comparable to that of the affected Guarantor and that such substitute 
Guarantor is otherwise reasonably acceptable to Beneficiary; and (b) in the 
case of the death or mental incompetence of a General Partner or Manager, 
Grantor causes a substitute general partner or manager, as applicable, to 
be admitted to Grantor or appointed, and Beneficiary in good faith 
determines that the financial condition, credit history, character, 
experience, ability and expertise of such substitute general partner or 
manager are comparable to the affected General Partner or Manager and that 
such substitute general partner or manager is otherwise reasonably 
acceptable to Beneficiary;


3.15    Impairment of Priority.   If (i) the priority of this Deed of Trust 
or Beneficiary's security interest under any of the other agreements 
securing any or all of the Obligations is impaired for any reason; or (ii) 
the value of the Property has deteriorated, declined or depreciated as a 
result of any intentional tortuous act or omission by Grantor;



43    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


3.16    Condemnation.   If any Condemnation Proceeding or action is pending 
or commenced by any Governmental Authority with respect to all or any 
material part of the Property, and such action or proceeding results in the 
Governmental Authority acquiring title to or possession of all or any 
material part of the Property;


3.17    Condominium. A default or breach by Grantor under any of the 
provisions of the Condominium Documents.


3.18    Failure to Repair Casualty.   If there is an uninsured casualty 
with respect to the Property, and Grantor (a) fails to commence repairs and 
reconstruction of the Property within sixty (60) days after such damage; or 
(b) thereafter fails to diligently prosecute such repairs and 
reconstruction to completion;


3.19    Transfers of Property.   If any Transfer (other than a Permitted 
Transfer) occurs not in strict accordance with the provisions of Section 
2.16 of this Deed of Trust;


3.20    Default by Guarantors.   If any Guarantor fails to pay any of its 
indebtedness or perform any of its obligations under any of the Guaranties 
when due or the revocation, limitation or termination or attempted 
revocation, limitation or termination of any of the obligations of any 
Guarantor under any of the Guaranties, except in accordance with the 
express written terms of the Guaranties; or


3.21    Misrepresentation by Guarantors.   If any request, statement, 
information, certification, or representation, whether written or oral, 
submitted or made by any Guarantor to Beneficiary in connection with the 
Loan or any other extension of credit by Beneficiary to Grantor or such 
Guarantor is false or misleading in any material respect.


ARTICLE 4    

REMEDIES


Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under 
this Deed of Trust pursuant to Article 3 above or upon Beneficiary’s 
election to declare a default under the other Loan Documents, Grantor shall 
be deemed to be in default under this Deed of Trust and the other Loan 
Documents, whichever the case may be, and Beneficiary shall have the 
following rights and remedies:


4.1    Acceleration.   Beneficiary shall have the right to declare any or 
all of the Obligations to be immediately due and payable, including the 
entire principal amount and all accrued but unpaid interest under the Note 
and all Future Advances, and notwithstanding the stated maturity of the 
Note or any Future Advances, such Obligations shall thereupon be 
immediately due and payable.


4.2    Entry by Beneficiary.   Whether or not Beneficiary elects to 
accelerate any or all of the Obligations under Section 4.1 above, 
Beneficiary personally, or by its agents or attorneys, may enter into and 
upon all or any part of the Property, and each and every part thereof, and 
may exclude Grantor, its agents and servants wholly therefrom and, having 
and holding the same, may use, occupy and control the Property, either 
personally or by its superintendents, Manager, agents, servants, attorneys 
or receivers; and upon every such entry Beneficiary, at the expense of the 
Property or Grantor, from time to time, either by purchase, repairs or 
construction, may maintain and restore the Property, and may complete the 
construction or development of any improvements and in the course of such 
completion may make such changes in the contemplated improvements as it may 
deem desirable and may insure the same; and likewise, from time to time, at 
the expense of the Property or Grantor, Beneficiary may make all necessary 
or proper repairs, renewals and replacements and such useful alterations, 
additions, betterments and improvements thereto and thereon



44    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


as may seem advisable to Beneficiary; and in every such case Beneficiary 
shall have the right to manage and operate the Property and exercise all 
rights and powers of Grantor with respect thereto either in the name of 
Grantor or otherwise as it shall deem best, and Grantor shall indemnify, 
defend, and hold Beneficiary harmless of and from any claims, expenses, 
demands and/or liability arising therefrom; and Beneficiary shall be 
entitled to collect and receive all earnings, revenues, rents, issues, 
profits and income of the Property and every part thereof; and after 
deducting the expenses of conducting the business thereof and of all 
maintenance, repairs, renewals, replacements, alterations, betterments and 
improvements and amounts necessary to pay for taxes, assessments, insurance 
and prior or other proper charges on the Property, or any part thereof, as 
well as just and reasonable compensation for the services of Beneficiary 
and for all attorneys, counsel, agents, clerks, servants and other 
employees or representatives by it properly engaged and employed, 
Beneficiary shall apply the monies arising as aforesaid, first, to the 
payment of the Obligations, when and as the same shall become payable and, 
second, to the payment of any other sums required to be paid by Grantor 
under this Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents. If Beneficiary elects 
to take possession of the Property or to take any or all of the other 
actions described in this Section by court process, Grantor irrevocably and 
unconditionally agrees that a receiver may be appointed by a court for such 
purpose pursuant to Section 4.6 below.


4.3    Judicial Action.   Beneficiary shall have the right to commence an 
action or proceeding to foreclose this Deed of Trust and to enforce any or 
all of the terms of the Loan Documents, including without limitation, 
specific performance under this Deed of Trust.


4.4    Foreclosure by Power of Sale.


(a)    Declaration and Notice of Default.   After the occurrence of an 
Event of Default and at the request of Beneficiary, Trustee shall proceed 
to sell the Property, either in mass, in parcels or in any other part or 
parts thereof, in Beneficiary’s sole determination, and in such order as 
Beneficiary may determine in Beneficiary’s sole determination, at public 
venue, to the highest bidder for cash or other property at a front door (to 
be designated by Trustee) of the circuit court house for the county in 
which the Property is located, or such other place as is customary, or at 
such other place designated by Trustee as may be permitted by law; first 
giving lawful notice of the time, terms and place of sale, and a 
description of the Property to be sold, as provided by the law of the State 
of Missouri then in effect. Trustee may postpone the sale of all or any 
portion of the Property by public announcement at such time and place of 
sale (or by any other means permitted by law) and from time to time 
thereafter may postpone such sale by public announcement at the time and 
place fixed by the preceding public announcement (or by any other means 
permitted by law). Beneficiary may foreclose or otherwise realize upon, and 
Trustee may sell, one parcel or any other part or parts of the Property, on 
one or more occasions, without releasing this Deed of Trust, or precluding 
the further foreclosure or other realization hereunder of any other parcels 
or other parts of the Property not so foreclosed or realized upon. 
Beneficiary or any assignee hereof shall have the right to bid at and 
become purchaser at any foreclosure sale, applying against the purchase 
price all or a part of any Obligations then due and owing.


(b)    Postponements; Multiple Parcels.   To the extent permitted by law, 
Trustee may, and upon request of Beneficiary shall, from time to time, 
postpone any sale hereunder by public announcement at the time and place 
noticed for such sale or may, in its discretion, give a new notice of sale. 
If the Property consists of several lots, parcels or items of property, 
Beneficiary shall have the exclusive right (i) to designate the order in 
which such lots, parcels or items shall be offered for sale or sold; and 
(ii) to elect to sell such lots, parcels or items through a single sale, 
through two or more successive sales, or in any other manner Beneficiary 
determines to be in its best interest. To the extent permitted by law, any 
Person, including Grantor, Trustee and Beneficiary, may purchase at any 
sale under this Deed of Trust, and Beneficiary shall have the right to 
purchase at any such sale by crediting upon the bid price the amount of all 
or any part of



45    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


the Obligations. If Beneficiary determines to sell the Property in more 
than one sale, Beneficiary may, at its option, cause such sales of the 
Property to be conducted simultaneously or successively, on the same day or 
on such different days or times and in such order as Beneficiary may 
determine, and no such sale shall terminate or otherwise affect the lien of 
this Deed of Trust on any part of the Property that has not been sold until 
all Obligations have been paid in full.


(c)    Costs of Sale; Deed to Purchaser.   Grantor shall pay all costs, 
fees, and expenses of all sales of the Property under this Deed of Trust, 
including the costs, fees, and expenses (including attorneys' fees) of 
Trustee and Beneficiary, together with interest thereon at the interest 
rate applicable to principal under the Note or, with respect to Trustee, 
the maximum rate permitted by law to be charged by Trustee. Upon any sale 
under the power of sale contained in this Deed of Trust, Trustee shall 
execute and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers a deed or deeds 
conveying the property so sold, but without any covenant or warranty 
whatsoever, express or implied. The recitals in any such deed or deeds of 
any matter or facts, including the existence of any default by Grantor, the 
giving of notice of default and notice of sale, and other facts affecting 
the regularity or validity of such sale or sales, shall be conclusive proof 
of the truth of such facts and matters, and any such deed or deeds shall be 
conclusive against all Persons as to such facts and matters recited 
therein. A sale of less than all of the Property or any defective or 
irregular sale under this Deed of Trust shall not exhaust, impair or 
otherwise affect the power of sale contained in this Deed of Trust, and 
subsequent sales of the Property may be made under this Deed of Trust until 
all Obligations have been satisfied or until the entire Property has been 
sold without defect or irregularity.


4.5    Application of Sale Proceeds.   Except as otherwise required by law, 
Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale or sales conducted by Trustee 
in the following order of priority: (a) first, to payment of all expenses 
of such sale or sales and all costs, expenses, fees, and liabilities of 
Trustee and this trust, including attorneys' fees, costs of a trustee's 
sale guaranty, if required, costs of other evidence of title, and Trustee's 
fees in connection with such sale or sales; (b) second, to all amounts 
advanced by Trustee or Beneficiary under any of the terms of this Deed of 
Trust which have not then been repaid, together with interest thereon at 
the rate applicable to principal under the Note or, with respect to 
Trustee, the maximum rate permitted by law to be charged by Trustee; (c) 
third, to the payment of all other Obligations in such order and amounts as 
Beneficiary determines; and (d) the remainder, if any, to the Person or 
Persons legally entitled thereto.


4.6    Appointment of a Receiver.   


(a)    Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of 
Default, Beneficiary shall be entitled to apply at any time to the 
appointment of a receiver of the Property or any part thereof and of all 
rents, incomes, profits, issues and revenues thereof, from whatever source 
derived by a court having jurisdiction thereof; and thereupon it is hereby 
expressly covenanted and agreed that the court shall forthwith appoint such 
receiver with the usual powers and duties of receivers in like cases; and 
said appointment shall be made by the court as a matter of strict right to 
Beneficiary, and without reference to the adequacy or inadequacy of the 
value of the Property, or to the solvency or insolvency of Grantor or any 
party liable for the Obligations and without proof of waste or fraud by 
Grantor. Grantor hereby specifically waives the right to object to the 
appointment of a receiver as aforesaid and hereby expressly consents that 
such appointment shall be made as a matter of absolute right to 
Beneficiary. Grantor further agrees that subject to the approval of the 
appointing court, Beneficiary shall have the right to designate the person 
or entity to be appointed as receiver. In order to operate and maintain and 
preserve the Property and to prevent waste and impairment of its security, 
Beneficiary may, at its option, advance monies to the appointed receiver 
and all such sums advanced shall become Obligations and shall bear interest 
from the date of such advance at the Default Rate specified in the Loan 
Documents.



46    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(b)     The receiver or its agents shall be entitled to enter upon and take 
possession of any and all of the Property, together with any and all 
businesses conducted thereon and all business assets used therewith or 
thereon, or any part or parts thereof, and to operate and conduct the 
business or businesses, or complete construction of improvements, to the 
same extent and in the same manner as Grantor might lawfully do (including 
entering into, amending or terminating leases or other agreements in 
connection with the operation, maintenance and improvement of the 
Property). The receiver, personally or through its agents or attorneys, may 
exclude Grantor and its subsidiaries, agents, servants and employees wholly 
from the Property, and have, hold, use, operate, manage and control the 
same and each and every part thereof, and in the name of Grantor, its 
subsidiaries, or agents, exercise all of their rights and powers and use 
all of the then existing items of security and collateral, materials, 
current supplies, stores and assets and, at the expense of Grantor, 
maintain, restore, complete construction of, insure and keep insured, the 
properties, equipment, and apparatus provided or required for use in 
connection with such business or businesses, and make all such necessary 
and proper repairs, renewals and replacements and all such useful 
alterations, additions, betterments and improvements as the receiver may 
deem judicious. The receiver shall from time to time apply any net revenues 
in its possession to the payment of the Obligations.


(c)    Such receivership shall, at the option of Beneficiary, continue 
until full payment of the Note and all other sums hereby secured, or until 
title to the Property shall have been conveyed as a result of foreclosure 
sale under this Deed of Trust.


4.7    Protection of Beneficiary's Security. Beneficiary or Trustee, 
without obligation to do so and without notice to or demand on Grantor, and 
without releasing Grantor from any of its Obligations or waiving 
Beneficiary's rights under the Loan Documents, shall have the right to 
perform any Obligation which Grantor has breached in such manner, at such 
time, and to such extent as Beneficiary or Trustee determines to be 
necessary or appropriate to preserve, protect, maintain and defend the 
Property and Beneficiary's lien thereon.


4.8    Assembly of Property.   Upon Beneficiary's request, Grantor shall 
assemble and make available to Beneficiary at the location of the Real 
Property all Property which has been removed from or which is not located 
on the Real Property.


4.9    Discontinuation of Disbursements Under Loan and Advances under Other 
Extensions of Credit.   Beneficiary shall have the (a) right to discontinue 
or withhold any or all disbursements of the proceeds of the Loan and any 
Future Advances; and (b) to discontinue advancing money or extending credit 
to or for the benefit of Grantor in connection with any other document 
between Beneficiary and Grantor.


4.10    Rescission of Notice of Default.   Prior to the conduct of any sale 
under the power of sale contained in this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary, at 
its option, shall have the right to rescind any notice of default and 
election to sell the Property by delivering to Trustee a written notice of 
rescission executed by Beneficiary which, when recorded, shall cancel the 
foreclosure proceedings which have been commenced by the recordation of 
such notice of default and election to sell. Beneficiary's rescission of 
any notice of default and election to sell pursuant to this Section or 
under applicable law shall not constitute or be construed as a waiver of 
any Event of Default or impair, prejudice or otherwise affect (a) 
Beneficiary's right to record a new notice of default and election to sell 
the Property based on the same or any other Event of Default; or (b) 
Beneficiary's rights and remedies in connection with the Obligations.


4.11    Easements.   Without limiting the effect of any right or remedy 
exercised by Beneficiary under the Loan Documents, any Easements granted by 
Grantor or other agreement made by Grantor in violation of any of the terms 
of this Deed of Trust shall, at the option of any purchaser at any judicial 
or



47    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


nonjudicial foreclosure sale under this Deed of Trust, be voidable, and any 
such purchaser shall have the right to take possession of the Property free 
from the terms of such Easement or agreement.


4.12    Exercise of Rights Under Other Loan Documents.   Beneficiary shall 
have the right to exercise any or all rights and remedies which Beneficiary 
may have under any or all of the other Loan Documents, applicable law and 
principles of equity.


4.13    Proofs of Claim. In the case of any receivership, insolvency, 
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other 
judicial proceedings affecting Grantor, any endorser, co-maker, surety, or 
guarantor of the Obligations secured hereby, or any of their respective 
properties, Beneficiary, to the extent permitted by law, shall be entitled 
to file such proofs of claim and other documents as may be necessary or 
advisable in order to have its claim allowed in such proceedings for the 
entire unpaid obligations at the date of the institution of such 
proceedings, and for any additional amounts which may become due and 
payable after such date.


4.14    Automatic Stay. Grantor hereby agrees that, in consideration of the 
recitals and mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, Grantor does agree that in the event Grantor or (if 
applicable) any partner of Grantor shall (a) file with any bankruptcy court 
of competent jurisdiction or be the subject of any petition under title 11 
of the U.S. Code, as amended; (b) be the subject of any order for relief 
issued under such Title 11 of the U.S. Code, as amended; (c) file or be the 
subject of any petition seeking any reorganization, arrangement, 
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution, or similar relief 
under any present or future federal or state act or law relating to 
bankruptcy, insolvency, or other relief for debtors; (d) have sought or 
consented to or acquiesced in the appointment of any trustee, receiver, 
conservator, or liquidator; or (e) be the subject of any order, judgment, 
or decree entered by any court of competent jurisdiction approving a 
petition filed against such party for any reorganization, arrangement, 
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution, or similar relief 
under any present or future federal or state act or law relating to 
bankruptcy, insolvency, or relief for debtors, then and in any of such 
events Beneficiary shall thereupon be entitled to relief from any automatic 
stay imposed by Section 362 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code, as amended, or 
otherwise, on or against the exercise of the rights and remedies otherwise 
available to Beneficiary as provided in the Note, this Deed of Trust, and 
all associated Loan Documents, and as otherwise provided by law. Grantor 
hereby agrees not to object to Beneficiary immediately seeking relief from 
the automatic stay, to allow Beneficiary to proceed immediately to obtain a 
final judgment of foreclosure of this Deed of Trust, to complete a 
foreclosure sale and/or to proceed against and realize upon the collateral 
for the indebtedness secured hereby and to otherwise allow Beneficiary to 
take all such actions as Beneficiary may elect in its sole discretion in 
pursuance of the other rights and remedies available in the event of a 
default by Grantor under this Deed of Trust and all associated Loan 
Documents. Grantor hereby waives any protection afforded under 11 U.S.C., 
Section 362(a).


4.15    Cure. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, it shall be in 
Beneficiary’s sole and absolute discretion whether it shall accept any cure 
or attempted cure from Grantor with respect to such Event of Default, and 
it shall also be in Beneficiary’s sole and absolute discretion whether such 
cure offered or attempted by Grantor is sufficient and satisfactory. 
Grantor acknowledges that such determinations by Beneficiary with respect 
to the foregoing shall be effective at such time as Grantor receives such 
determination in writing from Beneficiary. Only upon Beneficiary’s written 
agreement to accept a cure of any Event of Default, along with the 
satisfaction of any conditions or requirements which Beneficiary may impose 
in connection with such cure, shall such Event of Default be deemed to be 
cured and only at such time shall it be deemed for all purpose under the 
Loan Documents that such Event of Default is no longer continuing.



48    

------------------------------------------------------------------------





ARTICLE 5    

WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS


5.1    Warranties and Representations.   As a material inducement to the 
Beneficiary's extension of credit to Grantor in connection with the Loan, 
Grantor warrants and represents to the Beneficiary as follows, as of the 
effective date hereof:


(a)    Valid Execution and Delivery. All of the Loan Documents requiring 
execution by Grantor have been duly and validly executed and delivered by 
Grantor.


(b)    No Violation of Law. The execution, delivery and performance by the 
Grantor of the Loan Documents will not violate or breach any Governmental 
Requirements of any Governmental Authorities or any judgment, writ, 
injunction, decree or order of any court relating to Grantor or the 
Property.


(c)    Compliance with Applicable Laws and Regulations. The Property, 
including, but not limited to, its use and operation, complies with, and 
shall remain in compliance with, all Governmental Requirements now or 
hereafter relating to the ownership, construction, use or operation of the 
Property, including, but not limited to, all applicable statutes, rules and 
regulations pertaining to requirements for equal opportunity, 
anti-discrimination, fair housing, environmental protection, zoning, 
subdivision, flood, health, environmental and land use. The Buildings 
comply with, and shall remain in compliance with, applicable health, fire 
and building codes. To the knowledge of Grantor, there is no evidence of 
any illegal activities relating to controlled substances on the Property. 
To the knowledge of Grantor, all Governmental Permits, including, but not 
limited to, certifications, permits, licenses and approvals, and all 
franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names, including, 
without limitation, certificates of completion and occupancy permits 
required for the legal use, occupancy and operation of the Property as 
currently in use, are in the possession of either Grantor or the manager of 
the property and are in full force and effect. All of the Improvements 
comply with all requirements of any applicable zoning and subdivision laws 
and ordinances.


(d)    Consents Obtained. All consents, approvals, authorizations, orders 
or filings with any court or Governmental Authorities, if any, required for 
the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents by Grantor 
have been obtained or made.


(e)    Governmental Restrictions. To the best of Grantor’s knowledge, there 
are no conditions or restrictions affecting the use or development of the 
Property and no agreements or contracts with any Governmental Authorities, 
including local, regional, state, or federal governmental authorities, 
affecting the use or development of the Property which have not been 
disclosed in writing by Grantor to Beneficiary or otherwise made available 
to Beneficiary.


(f)    No Litigation. There are no pending or threatened judicial, 
governmental, administrative, mediation or arbitration actions, suits or 
proceedings, arbitrations or governmental investigations against the 
Property, Grantor, any general partner, member or shareholder of Grantor, 
or any guarantor, of any of Grantor’s obligations under the Loan Documents, 
an adverse outcome of which would materially impair either the use, value 
and operation of the Property or Grantor’s ability to perform its covenants 
and obligations under the Note, the Deed of Trust, and the other Loan 
Documents.



49    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(g)    Title. Grantor has good and indefeasible fee simple title to the 
Property, subject to no liens, charges or encumbrances other than the 
Permitted Encumbrances. The Permitted Encumbrances do not and will not 
materially and adversely affect (1) the ability of the Grantor to pay in 
full the principal and interest on the Note in a timely manner or (2) the 
use of the Property for the use currently being made thereof, the operation 
of the Property as currently being operated or the value of the Property.


(h)    Permitted Encumbrances. The Permitted Encumbrances do not and will 
not materially interfere with the security of this Deed of Trust or 
materially and adversely affect (1) the ability of Grantor to generate 
income from the Property sufficient to pay in full the principal and 
interest on the Note and otherwise service the Loan evidenced by the Note 
in a timely manner or (2) the use of the Property for the use currently 
being made thereof, the operation of the Property as currently being 
operated or the value of the Property.


(i)    Contingent Liabilities. Grantor has no known material contingent 
liabilities.


(j)    No Other Obligations. Grantor has no material financial obligation 
under any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other 
agreement or instrument to which Grantor is a party or by which Grantor or 
the Property is otherwise bound, other than obligations incurred in the 
ordinary course of the operation of the Property and other than obligations 
under this Deed of Trust and the other Loan Documents, except to the extent 
provided in Schedule 7 of the Closing Certificate.


(k)    No Loan. Grantor has not borrowed or received any other debt 
financing that has not been heretofore repaid in full, except to the extent 
provided in Schedule 7 of the Closing Certificate.


(l)    Fraudulent Conveyance. Grantor (1) has not entered into the Loan or 
any Loan Document with the actual intent to hinder, delay, or defraud any 
creditor and (2) received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for its 
obligations under the Loan Documents. Giving effect to the Loan, the fair 
saleable value of Grantor’s assets exceed and will, immediately following 
the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, exceed Grantor’s total 
liabilities, including, without limitation, subordinated, unliquidated, 
disputed or contingent liabilities. The fair saleable value of Grantor’s 
assets is and will, immediately following the execution and delivery of the 
Loan Documents, be greater than Grantor’s probable liabilities, including 
the maximum amount of its contingent liabilities or its debts as such debts 
become absolute and matured. Grantor’s assets do not and, immediately 
following the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents will not, 
constitute unreasonably small capital to carry out its business as 
conducted or as proposed to be conducted. Grantor does not intend to, and 
does not believe that it will, incur debts and liabilities (including, 
without limitation, contingent liabilities and other commitments) beyond 
its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the 
timing and amounts to be payable on or in respect of obligations of 
Grantor).


(m)    Access/Utilities. The Property has adequate rights of access to 
public ways and is served by adequate gas, electric, cable, telephone, 
water, storm, sewer, sanitary sewer and storm drain facilities. Except as 
may be disclosed on the survey of the Property obtained by Beneficiary, all 
public utilities (including, but not limited to, the foregoing) necessary 
to the continued use, enjoyment, occupancy, operation and disposition of 
the Property as presently used and enjoyed are located in the public 
right-of-way abutting the Property, and all such utilities are connected so 
as to serve the Property without passing over other property. All streets, 
roads, highways, bridges and waterways necessary for access to and full 
use, occupancy, operation and disposition of the Real Property and the 
Improvements have been completed, have been publicly dedicated and accepted 
by the appropriate municipal authority and are open and provide



50    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


public ingress and egress to the Real Property and the Improvements, or are 
the subject of irrevocable, perpetual access easements without condition or 
cost to Grantor.


(n)    Zoning. All improvements on the Property comply with applicable 
zoning laws and set-back ordinances.


(o)    Special Assessments. Except as disclosed in the title insurance 
policy, there are no pending or, to the knowledge of Grantor, proposed 
special or other assessments for public improvements or otherwise affecting 
the Property, nor, to the knowledge of Grantor, are there any contemplated 
improvements to the Property that may result in such special or other 
assessments.


(p)    Flood Zone. The Property is not located in a flood hazard area as 
defined by the Federal Insurance Administration.


(q)    Seismic Exposure. The Property is not located in Zone 3 or Zone 4 of 
the "Seismic Zone Map of the U.S."


(r)     Misstatements of Fact. No statement of fact made in the Loan 
Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to 
state any material fact necessary to make statements contained herein or 
therein not misleading. There is no fact presently known to Grantor which 
has not been disclosed which adversely affects, nor as far as Grantor can 
foresee, might adversely affect the business, operations or condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the representing party.


(s)    Title Insurance. The Property is covered by a mortgagee title 
insurance policy insuring that the mortgage is a valid first lien on the 
Property subject only to the matters set forth in such policy.


(t)    Environmental Compliance. To the knowledge of Grantor, the Property 
is in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local 
environmental laws, and no notice of violation of such laws has been issued 
by any governmental agency or authority; no action has been taken that 
would cause the Property to not be in compliance with all federal, state, 
and local environmental laws pertaining to environmental hazards; and no 
hazardous material is present at the Property in violation of environmental 
laws.


(u)    Compliance with Laws. To the knowledge of Grantor, the Property and 
the Grantor's operations at the Property comply in all material respects 
with all Government Requirements.


(v)    Permits. The Grantor, lessee and/or operator of the Property is in 
possession of all Government Permits required for use of the Property which 
are valid and in full force and effect.


(w)    Security Deposits. All security deposits collected in connection 
with the Property are being held (1) in accordance with all applicable 
laws.


(x)    Condition of Property. The Property is (1) free and clear of any 
damage that would materially and adversely affect the use or value of the 
Property as security for the Loan, (2) in good repair and condition so as 
not to materially and adversely affect the use or value of the Property as 
security for the Loan and (3) to the knowledge of Grantor, all building 
systems contained therein are in good working order so as not to materially 
and adversely affect the use or value of the Property as security for the 
Loan.



51    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(y)    No Insolvency or Judgment. Neither Grantor, Manager nor any 
Guarantor is currently (a) the subject of or a party to any completed or 
pending bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency proceeding; or (b) the 
subject of any judgment unsatisfied of record or docketed in any court of 
the state in which the Property is located or in any other court located in 
the United States. The Loan will not render Grantor, Manager or any 
Guarantor insolvent. As used in this Deed of Trust, the term "insolvent" 
means that the sum total of all of an entity’s liabilities (whether secured 
or unsecured, contingent or fixed, or liquidated or unliquidated) is in 
excess of the value of all such entity’s non-exempt assets, i.e., all of 
the assets of the entity that are available to satisfy claims of creditors.


(z)    No Condemnation. No part of any property subject to the Deed of 
Trust has been taken in condemnation or any like proceeding, which part 
would constitute a material portion of the Property or would otherwise 
impair the use, value or operation of the Property, the Deed of Trust or 
the Loan or the usefulness of such property for the purposes contemplated 
by the loan application relating to the Loan (the "Loan Application"), nor 
is any proceeding pending, threatened or known to be contemplated for the 
partial or total condemnation or taking of the Property.


(aa)    Repair Orders.   To the best of Grantor's knowledge, no orders or 
directives have been issued by any Governmental Authorities requiring that 
any work of repair, maintenance or improvement be performed with respect to 
the Property.


(bb)    No Labor or Materialmen Claims. All parties furnishing labor and 
materials have been paid in full and, except for such liens or claims 
insured against by the policy of title insurance to be issued in connection 
with the Loan, there are no mechanics, laborers or materialmen’s liens or 
claims outstanding for work, labor or materials affecting the Property, 
whether prior to, equal with or subordinate to the lien of this Deed of 
Trust.


(cc)    Leases.


(1)    Grantor has delivered to Beneficiary the Rent Roll of all Leases of 
commercial and/or retail space affecting the Property as of the date 
hereof, which accurately and completely sets forth in all material respects 
for each such Lease, the following: the name of the Tenant, the Lease 
expiration date, extension and renewal provisions, the base rent payable, 
the security deposit held thereunder, and any other material provisions of 
such Lease.


(2)    Each Lease constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of 
Grantor and, to the best of Grantor’s knowledge and belief, is enforceable 
against the Tenant thereof. To Grantor’s knowledge, no default exists, or 
with the passing of time or the giving of notice or both would exist, under 
any Lease shown on the rent roll, which would, in the aggregate, have a 
material adverse effect on Grantor or the Property.


(3)    No Tenant under any Lease shown on the Rent Roll has, as of the date 
hereof, paid rent more than thirty (30) days in advance, and the rents 
under such Leases have not been waived, released, or otherwise discharged 
or compromised.


(4)    All work to be performed by Grantor under the Lease shown on the 
Rent Roll has been substantially performed, all contributions to be made by 
Grantor to the Tenants thereunder have been made and all other conditions 
precedent to each such Tenant’s obligations thereunder have been satisfied.



52    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(5)    Each Tenant shown on the Rent Roll under a Lease has entered into 
occupancy of the demised premises.


(6)    Grantor has delivered to Beneficiary true, correct and complete 
copies of all Leases described in the Rent Roll.


(7)    To the best of Grantor’s knowledge and belief, each Tenant shown on 
the Rent Roll is free from bankruptcy, reorganization or arrangement 
proceedings or a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.


(8)    No Lease shown on the Rent Roll provides any party with the right to 
obtain a lien or encumbrance upon the Property superior to the lien of this 
Deed of Trust.


(9)    No person or entity has any possessory interest in the retail space 
in the Property or right to occupy the same except under and pursuant to 
the provisions of the Leases.


(10)    As of the date hereof, (i) Grantor is the owner and holder of the 
landlord’s interest under each Lease shown on the Rent Roll; (ii) there are 
no prior assignments of any Lease or any portion of the Rents and Profits, 
which assignments are presently outstanding; (iii) the Leases shown on the 
Rent Roll are on the standard form of lease submitted to Beneficiary prior 
to the execution of this Deed of Trust and have not been modified or 
amended, except as disclosed to Beneficiary in writing; (iv) each Lease 
shown on the Rent Roll is in full force and effect; (v) to the knowledge of 
Grantor, neither Grantor nor any tenant under any Lease is in default under 
any of the terms, covenants or provisions of any Lease, and Grantor knows 
of no event which, but for the passage of time or the giving of notice or 
both, would constitute an event of default under any Lease shown on the 
Rent Roll; (vi) to the knowledge of Grantor, there are no offsets or 
defenses to the payment of any portion of the Rents and Profits and (vii) 
all Rents and Profits due and payable under each Lease shown on the Rent 
Roll, have been paid in full and no said Rents and Profits have been paid 
more than one (1) month in advance of the due date thereof.


(dd)    Condominium.


(1)    The Land is subject to the Declaration which establishes units 1, 2, 
3, 3A, 4, 5, 6 ,7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16 pursuant to the 
Declaration.


(2)    The Condominium is comprised of a total of seventeen (17) units and 
the common elements.


(3)    The Act, REA (as defined in the Declaration), Declaration, the 
Bylaws and the Rules and Regulations (as adopted by the Board of Directors 
of the Association and delivered to Beneficiary in connection with the 
closing of the Loan) are the only documents governing the Condominium and 
no amendments or modifications to either document have been made.


(4)    Grantor owns Units 1, 2, 3, 3A, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, and 16 of the 
Condominium and no other unit of the Condominium.


(5)    As of the date hereof, Grantor has paid all monthly assessments, 
special assessments, capital assessments, fees and other charges due and 
payable under the Condominium Documents.



53    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(6)    Grantor has complied with all material provisions of the Condominium 
Documents and no uncured defaults or events of default by Grantor exist 
thereunder.


(7)    To the knowledge of Grantor, there are no defaults by the 
Association or any other unit owner of the Condominium that exists under 
the Condominium Documents.


(ee)    Intentionally Deleted.


(ff)    Financial Statements.   All statements respecting the financial 
condition of Grantor, any General Partner or Manager of Grantor, and any 
Guarantors which have been furnished to the Beneficiary (i) are accurate 
and complete in all material respects as of the dates appearing thereon; 
(ii) present fairly the financial condition and results of operations of 
the Person to whom the financial statement applies as of the dates and for 
the periods shown on such statements; and (iii) disclose all suits, 
actions, proceedings and contingent liabilities affecting the Person to 
whom the financial statement applies. Since the last date covered by such 
financial statements, there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial condition of the Persons to whom such statements apply.


(gg)    Commissions.   Grantor has not dealt with any Person who is or may 
be entitled to any finder's fee, brokerage commission, loan commission or 
other similar sum in connection with the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by the Loan Documents, except for such commissions as have 
been specifically disclosed to and approved in writing by Beneficiary prior 
to the date of recordation of this Deed of Trust.


(hh)    Boundary Lines. All of the Improvements which were included in 
determining the appraised value of the Property lie wholly within the 
boundaries and building restriction lines of the Property, and no 
improvements on adjoining properties encroach upon the Property, and no 
easements or other encumbrances upon the Property encroach upon any of the 
Improvements, so as to affect the value or marketability of the Property 
except those which are insured against by title insurance.


5.2    Continuing Warranties and Representations.   As a material 
inducement to the Beneficiary's extension of credit to Grantor in 
connection with the Loan, Grantor warrants and represents to the 
Beneficiary as follows, which shall be true and correct as of the effective 
date hereof, and shall remain true and correct at all times during the term 
of the Loan:


(a)    Organization and Existence. Grantor is duly organized and validly 
existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and in 
all other jurisdictions in which Grantor is transacting business. Grantor 
has all licenses and authorizations necessary to carry on its business. 
Grantor has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform the 
obligations imposed on it under the Loan Documents and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.


(b)    Authorization. Grantor has taken all necessary action for the 
authorization of the borrowing on account of the Loan and for the 
execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents, including, 
without limitation, that the partners, members, officers or shareholders of 
Grantor whose approval is required by the terms of Grantor’s organizational 
documents have duly approved the transactions contemplated by the Loan 
Documents and have authorized execution and delivery thereof by the 
respective signatories. No other consent by any local, state or federal 
agency is required in connection with the execution and delivery of the 
Loan Documents. Grantor has all necessary power and authority to carry on 
its business as now being conducted.



54    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(c)    Enforceability. All of the Loan Documents constitute valid, legal 
and binding obligations of Grantor and are fully enforceable against 
Grantor in accordance with their terms by Beneficiary and its successors, 
transferees and assigns, subject only to bankruptcy laws and general 
principles of equity.


(d)    No Defenses. The Note, this Deed of Trust and the other Loan 
Documents are not subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim 
or defense, nor would the operation of any of the terms of the Note, this 
Deed of Trust or any of the other Loan Documents, or the exercise of any 
right thereunder, render this Deed of Trust unenforceable, in whole or in 
part, or subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or 
defense, including the defense of usury.


(e)    No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan 
Documents by Grantor will not cause or constitute, including upon due 
notice or lapse of time or both, a default under or conflict with the 
organizational documents of Grantor, and any other agreement, mortgage, 
commitment, restriction, or other document of Grantor, any guarantor of any 
of Grantor’s obligations under the Loan Documents or any shareholder, 
general partner or managing member of Grantor or any such guarantor.


(f)    First Lien. Upon the execution by Grantor and the recording of this 
Deed of Trust, and upon the execution and filing of UCC-1 financing 
statements or amendments thereto, Beneficiary will have a valid and 
enforceable first lien on the Property and a valid and enforceable security 
interest in all personal property secured hereby, subject to no liens, 
charges or encumbrances other than the Permitted Encumbrances.


(g)    ERISA. Grantor (1) has no knowledge of any material liability which 
has been incurred or is expected to be incurred by Grantor that is or 
remains unsatisfied for any taxes or penalties with respect to any 
"employee benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the 
Internal Revenue Code or any other benefit plan or multi-employer plan, and 
each such plan has been administered in compliance with its terms and the 
applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended ("ERISA") and any other federal or state law and (2) has 
made and shall continue to make all required contributions to all employee 
benefit plans, if any. Each such employee benefit plan has been and will be 
administered in compliance with its terms and the applicable provisions of 
ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and any other applicable federal or state 
law; and no action shall be taken or fail to be taken that would result in 
the disqualification or loss of tax-exempt status of any such plan intended 
to be qualified and/or tax exempt.


(h)    Investment Company Act. Grantor is not (1) an "investment company" 
or a company "controlled" by an "investment company," within the meaning of 
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; (2) a "holding company" or 
a "subsidiary company" of a "holding company" or an "affiliate" of either a 
"holding company" or a "subsidiary company" within the meaning of the 
Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended; or (3) subject to 
any other federal or state law or regulation which purports to restrict or 
regulate its ability to borrow money.


(i)    Transfers.   Grantor has not sold, transferred, leased or encumbered 
the Property or entered into any agreement for the sale, transfer, lease or 
encumbrance of the Property, except as described and permitted in the Loan 
Documents.


(j)    No Affiliation With Tenants. Neither (i) Grantor; (ii) any General 
Partner or Manager of Grantor, if Grantor is a partnership or limited 
liability company, (iii) any shareholder in Grantor, if Grantor is a 
corporation; or (iv) any Guarantors have any direct or indirect financial 
or other interest in any Tenant, except for such interests as have been 
specifically disclosed to and approved in writing by Beneficiary prior to 
the date of recordation of this Deed of Trust.



55    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE 6    

MISCELLANEOUS


6.1    Beneficiary Statement; Certain Charges.   With respect to (a) any 
statement, accounting, or similar information requested by Grantor or any 
other Person pursuant to any provision of applicable law; or (b) any other 
document furnished to Grantor or any other Person by Beneficiary at 
Grantor's request, Beneficiary shall have the right to charge its customary 
charge for providing such statement, accounting, or other information. 
Grantor shall pay Beneficiary its customary charge for any other service 
rendered by Beneficiary in connection with the Loan or the Property, 
including the issuance of a request for full or partial reconveyance of 
this Deed of Trust, transmitting Loan proceeds to an escrow holder and 
changing Beneficiary's records relating to the Obligations.


6.2    Reconveyance.   Upon payment in full of all Obligations secured by 
this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary shall, at the expense of Grantor, cause 
this Deed of Trust and all other liens and security interest encumbering 
the Property to be released of record.


6.3    Substitution of Trustee.   Beneficiary, at its option, shall have 
the right from time to time to appoint a successor trustee to any trustee 
appointed under this Deed of Trust by Beneficiary's execution and 
acknowledgment of a written instrument which is recorded in the office of 
the recorder of each county in which the Property is located. The 
recordation of such an instrument in accordance with this Section shall 
constitute conclusive proof of the proper substitution of a successor 
trustee under this Deed of Trust. Upon recordation of such an instrument, 
the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties 
granted to the Trustee under this Deed of Trust and by applicable law 
without conveyance of the Property. Such instrument shall contain the name 
of the original Beneficiary, Trustee and Grantor named in this Deed of 
Trust, the book and page or other recording information for this Deed of 
Trust, the name and address of the successor trustee, and the legal 
description of the Property. If a notice of default has been recorded prior 
to the recordation of a substitution of trustee, the power of substitution 
shall not be exercised by Beneficiary until the costs, fees and expenses of 
the acting trustee have been paid in full and the acting trustee has 
endorsed acknowledgment of receipt of such amounts on the instrument 
substituting the successor trustee. Without limiting the terms of this 
Section, Beneficiary shall have the right from time to time to substitute a 
successor to any trustee appointed under this Deed of Trust in accordance 
with any statutory or other procedure allowed by law for such substitution.


6.4    Execution of Instruments by Beneficiary and Trustee.   Without 
notice to or affecting the liability of Grantor or any other Person for the 
payment or performance of the Obligations, without affecting the lien or 
priority of this Deed of Trust or Beneficiary's rights and remedies under 
the Loan Documents, and without liability to Grantor or any other Person, 
Beneficiary and Trustee (if Trustee is so requested in writing by 
Beneficiary) shall have the right, at any time and from time to time, to do 
any one or more of the following: (a) reconvey any part of the Property; 
(b) consent in writing to the making of any map or plat relating to the 
Property; (c) join in or consent to the granting of any Easement affecting 
the Property; and (d) execute any extension agreement relating to any or 
all of the Obligations, any document subordinating the lien of this Deed of 
Trust to any other Lien or document, or any other document relating to the 
Property, Obligations, or Loan Documents.


6.5    Trust Irrevocable; Acceptance by Trustee.   The trust created by 
this Deed of Trust is irrevocable by Grantor. Trustee accepts this trust 
when this Deed of Trust, duly executed and acknowledged, is recorded in the 
county in which the Property is located as provided by law. Trustee is not 
obligated to



56    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


notify any party of a pending sale under any other deed of trust or of any 
action or proceeding in which Grantor, Beneficiary or the Trustee shall be 
a party unless brought by the Trustee.


6.6    Late Charges.   If any payment under the Note or any note evidencing 
a Future Advance is not paid when due, Grantor shall pay any late charge 
provided for in the Loan Documents.


6.7    Requests by Grantor for Approvals by Beneficiary.   All requests by 
Grantor for Beneficiary's consent to or approval of any transaction or 
matter requiring Beneficiary's consent or approval under the Loan Documents 
(a) shall be made by Grantor in writing; (b) shall specifically describe 
the transaction or matter with respect to which Beneficiary's consent or 
approval is requested; (c) shall be accompanied by such information and 
documentation as Beneficiary may require in connection with such request; 
and (d) shall be delivered to Beneficiary not less than fifteen (15) days 
before Grantor proposes to take the action or effect the transaction with 
respect to which Beneficiary's consent or approval is requested, unless a 
different period of time is expressly provided for in the Loan Documents.


6.8    Approvals by Beneficiary.   Whenever (a) the terms of the Loan 
Documents grant Beneficiary the right to consent to or approve any 
transaction or matter; (b) Beneficiary is authorized or empowered under the 
Loan Documents to make a determination with respect to any transaction or 
matter; or (c) the Loan Documents provide that any document or other item 
must be approved by or acceptable to Beneficiary, then except as otherwise 
expressly provided in the Loan Documents, (i) Beneficiary shall have the 
right to grant or withhold such approval or consent and make such 
determination in its sole and absolute discretion; and (ii) the form and 
substance of such document or other item must be satisfactory to 
Beneficiary in its sole and absolute discretion. Whenever the terms of the 
Loan Documents require Beneficiary's consent to or approval of any 
transaction, matter, or document, such consent or approval shall not be 
deemed to be effective unless it is set forth in a written instrument 
executed by Beneficiary.


6.9    Transfers by Grantor; No Release of Grantor.   The following 
provisions shall apply if Grantor sells, conveys, transfers or alienates 
the Property or any interest in the Property with or without Beneficiary's 
consent:


(a)    No Release of Grantor.   No such action by Grantor nor any 
assumption of any or all of the Obligations by any transferee of the 
Property ("Transferee") shall be deemed to release Grantor or any other 
Person, including any Guarantor, from any liability under the terms of the 
Loan Documents, and Grantor and such Persons shall remain liable to 
Beneficiary for the payment and performance of all of their respective 
obligations under the Loan Documents.


(b)    Actions Without Grantor's Consent.   Grantor agrees that, unless 
otherwise required by applicable law, Beneficiary may do any one or all of 
the following without notice to or the consent of Grantor and without 
affecting Beneficiary's rights or remedies against Grantor: (i) accelerate, 
accept partial payment of, compromise, settle, renew, extend the time for 
payment or performance of, or refuse to enforce any of Grantor's 
Obligations to Beneficiary under or in connection with this Deed of Trust 
or any of the other Loan Documents; (ii) grant any indulgence or 
forbearance to the Transferee or any other Person under or in connection 
with any or all of the Loan Documents; (iii) release, waive, substitute or 
add any or all collateral securing payment of any or all of the 
Obligations; (iv) release, substitute or add any one or more endorsers or 
guarantors of any or all of the Obligations; (v) amend, supplement, alter 
or change in any respect whatsoever any term or provision of the Loan 
Documents or any other agreement relating to the Obligations; and (vi) 
exercise any right or remedy with respect to the Obligations or any 
collateral securing the Obligations, notwithstanding any effect on or 
impairment of Grantor's subrogation, reimbursement or other rights against 
the Transferee, whether by operation of law or otherwise.



57    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(c)    Waivers.   To the extent permitted by law, Grantor waives all rights 
which it may have (i) to require Beneficiary to exhaust its rights and 
remedies against the Transferee, any other Person, or any collateral 
securing any or all of the Obligations before pursuing its rights and 
remedies against Grantor; (ii) to require Beneficiary to exercise any right 
or power or to pursue any remedy which Beneficiary may have under the Loan 
Documents or applicable law before pursuing its rights and remedies against 
Grantor; and (iii) to assert any defense to Beneficiary's enforcement of 
its rights and remedies against Grantor based on an election of remedies by 
Beneficiary or the manner in which Beneficiary exercises any remedy which 
destroys, diminishes or interferes with any or all of Grantor's 
subrogation, reimbursement or other rights against the Transferee, whether 
by operation of law or otherwise.


6.10    Taxes Imposed on Beneficiary.   If, after the date of this Deed of 
Trust, any Governmental Requirements are enacted for the purpose of taxing 
any lien on the Property or changing in any way the laws for the taxation 
of deeds of trust or debts secured by deeds of trust, so as to impose on 
Beneficiary payment of all or part of any Taxes assessed against the 
Property, then prior to the due date of such Taxes, Grantor shall pay all 
such Taxes and agree to pay such Taxes when levied or assessed against the 
Property or Beneficiary; provided, however, that if such payment or 
agreement by Grantor shall not be permitted by law, Beneficiary, at its 
option, shall have the right, upon ninety (90) days’ prior written notice, 
to declare the Obligations to be immediately due and payable, in which 
event Grantor may pay the Obligations without payment of any prepayment 
premium or penalty or any other exit fee. Nothing contained in this Section 
shall be deemed to require Grantor to pay any franchise, estate, 
inheritance, income or similar tax imposed on Beneficiary.


6.11    Recourse Against Separate Property.   Each Grantor who is a married 
person agrees that Beneficiary shall have the right to recourse against his 
or her community property and separate property for any or all Obligations 
to the fullest extent permitted by law.


6.12    Defense of Actions and Protection of Security by Beneficiary.   
Whether or not an Event of Default has occurred, Beneficiary and Trustee 
shall each have the right, but not the obligation, to appear in and defend 
any action or proceeding, whether commenced by or against Grantor, any of 
the Guarantors, or any other Person, which affects or which Beneficiary or 
Trustee determines may affect any or all of the following: (a) the 
Property; (b) the Insurance Claims, Condemnation Claims, or Property 
Claims; (c) Beneficiary's, Trustee's, or Grantor's respective rights and 
obligations under the Loan Documents; (d) the Obligations; or (e) any other 
transaction or matter which affects Beneficiary by reason of its interest 
in the Property. Beneficiary and Trustee shall each have the right, but not 
the obligation, to commence and prosecute any action or proceeding which 
Beneficiary or Trustee determines to be necessary or appropriate to do any 
or all of the following: (i) prevent any damage, destruction, or injury to 
the Property; (ii) enforce or recover upon the Insurance Claims, 
Condemnation Claims, or Property Claims or collect the Insurance Proceeds, 
Condemnation Proceeds, or Property Proceeds pursuant to this Deed of Trust; 
(iii) preserve, protect, maintain, and defend the Property and 
Beneficiary's lien thereon; or (iv) enforce or exercise any right, remedy 
or power available to or conferred on Beneficiary or Trustee under the Loan 
Documents or applicable law. Beneficiary and Trustee shall each have the 
right to discontinue, suspend or dismiss any such action or proceeding 
which has been commenced by Beneficiary or Trustee at any time.


6.13    Expenses.   Beneficiary and Trustee, and each of them, shall have 
the right to incur and pay all costs, fees, expenses, and liabilities that 
Beneficiary and Trustee, respectively, determine to be necessary or 
appropriate in connection with any or all of the following matters (all 
such costs, fees, expenses and liabilities, excluding ordinary overhead 
expenses of Beneficiary's and Trustee's respective regular business 
premises and salary expenses for Beneficiary's and Trustee's respective 
clerical and supervisory personnel, are referred to collectively as the 
"Reimbursable Costs"): (a) costs and expenses incurred in the management,



58    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


servicing, or administration of the Loan and any Future Advances which 
relate to Beneficiary’s review of those documents, transactions or other 
matters requiring Beneficiary’s approval under the terms of the Loan 
Documents; (b) the exercise of any or all of Beneficiary's and Trustee's 
respective rights and remedies under the Loan Documents, including (i) all 
premiums and other costs and expenses paid or incurred by Beneficiary in 
connection with Beneficiary's obtaining any Insurance Policies; and (ii) 
all costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees and costs, incurred in 
connection with Beneficiary's review, preparation, analysis, or 
negotiation, as applicable, of any of the further documents or other 
matters that are contemplated by the Loan Documents or that Beneficiary has 
the right to require, review or approve pursuant to the Loan Documents, 
including Leases, estoppel certificates from any Tenant under any Lease or 
from any other Person, and non-disturbance, subordination or attornment 
agreements by any Tenant under any Lease or by any other Person; (c) the 
enforcement of any or all of the Obligations or any other obligation of any 
Person liable to Beneficiary in connection with the Loan or any Future 
Advance, whether or not any legal action or proceeding is commenced by 
Beneficiary; (d) the preservation, protection, maintenance, or defense of 
the Property or Beneficiary's lien thereon; (e) the sale or disposition of 
the Property or any other collateral securing any or all of the 
Obligations; (f) the defense of any action or proceeding commenced by 
Grantor, any of the Guarantors, or any other Person under Section 6.12 
above; or (g) the commencement and prosecution of any action or proceeding 
by Beneficiary or Trustee with respect to any or all of the matters 
described in this Section or in Section 6.12 above, including an action for 
relief from any stay, injunction, or similar order or enactment arising 
under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law. Without 
limiting the terms of this Section, Beneficiary shall have the right to do 
any or all of the following in connection with any of the matters described 
in this Section, and all costs, fees, expenses, and liabilities incurred or 
paid in connection therewith shall constitute Reimbursable Costs: (1) 
select, retain, and consult with attorneys, accountants, appraisers, 
contractors, brokers, architects, engineers and such other experts, 
consultants, advisors and third Persons as Beneficiary determines to be 
necessary or appropriate; (2) settle, purchase, compromise or pay any or 
all claims, demands, and Liens; and (3) obtain any trustee's sale guaranty 
or other title insurance coverage relating to the Property which 
Beneficiary determines to be necessary or appropriate. Beneficiary agrees 
that if Beneficiary obtains an appraisal of the Property and Grantor pays 
for same, Beneficiary shall deliver a complete copy of such appraisal to 
Grantor promptly after receipt of such appraisal.


6.14    Payment of Advances by Grantor.   All Reimbursable Costs and all 
other costs, fees, expenses and liabilities incurred or paid by Beneficiary 
under any other provision of the Loan Documents or under applicable law in 
connection with the Obligations or the Property (a) shall be payable by 
Grantor to Beneficiary on Beneficiary's demand; (b) shall constitute 
additional indebtedness of Grantor to Beneficiary; (c) shall be secured by 
this Deed of Trust; and (d) shall bear interest at the maximum rate 
permitted to be charged under applicable law and shall bear interest from 
the date of expenditure at the rate of interest applicable to principal 
under the Note. All Reimbursable Costs and all other costs, fees, expenses 
and liabilities incurred or paid by Trustee under this Deed of Trust or 
under applicable law in connection with this Deed of Trust shall be payable 
by Grantor to Trustee on Trustee's demand and shall bear interest at the 
maximum rate permitted to be charged by Trustee under applicable law. 
Nothing contained in this Deed of Trust shall be deemed to obligate 
Beneficiary or Trustee (i) to incur any costs, fees, expenses, or 
liabilities; (ii) to make any appearances in or defend any action or 
proceeding; or (iii) to commence or prosecute any action or proceeding 
relating to any matter.


6.15    No Third Party Beneficiaries.   The Loan Documents are entered into 
for the sole protection and benefit of Beneficiary, Grantor and Trustee and 
their respective permitted successors and assigns. No other Person shall 
have any rights or causes of action under the Loan Documents.


6.16    Notices.   All notices and demands by Beneficiary to Grantor under 
this Deed of Trust shall be in writing and shall be effective on the 
earlier of personal delivery to Grantor or two (2) days after deposit



59    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


in first-class or certified United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed 
to Grantor at the address set forth in this Deed of Trust, except that 
service of any notice of default or notice of sale provided or required by 
law shall, if mailed, be deemed effective on the date of mailing. All 
notices and demands by Grantor to Beneficiary under this Deed of Trust 
shall be in writing and shall be effective on actual receipt by Beneficiary 
at Beneficiary's address set forth in this Deed of Trust; provided, 
however, that nonreceipt of any such notice or demand by Beneficiary as a 
result of Beneficiary's refusal to accept delivery or Beneficiary's failure 
to notify Grantor of Beneficiary's change of address shall be deemed 
receipt by Beneficiary. Grantor's and Beneficiary's respective addresses 
set forth in this Deed of Trust may be changed by written notice given to 
the other party in accordance with this Section. If Grantor consists of 
more than one Person, service of any notice or demand on any one of such 
Persons by Beneficiary shall be effective service on Grantor for all 
purposes.


6.17    Cost of Performance of Covenants.   Grantor shall perform and 
comply with all of its obligations under this Deed of Trust at Grantor's 
sole cost and expense.


6.18    Severability.   If any provision of the Loan Documents shall be 
held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful, voidable, void, 
or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be deemed to be 
severable from and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of 
the remaining provisions of the Loan Documents.


6.19    Interpretation.   Whenever the context of the Loan Documents 
reasonably requires, all words used in the singular shall be deemed to have 
been used in the plural, and the neuter gender shall be deemed to include 
the masculine and feminine gender, and vice versa. For purposes of this 
Deed of Trust, all references to the Property or Improvements shall be 
deemed to refer to all or any part of the Property or Improvements, 
respectively. The headings to sections of this Deed of Trust are for 
convenient reference only, and they do not in any way define or limit any 
of the terms of this Deed of Trust and shall not be used in interpreting 
this Deed of Trust. For purposes of this Deed of Trust, the term 
"including" shall be deemed to mean "including without limitation," and the 
term "document" shall include all written contracts, commitments, 
restrictions, agreements, mortgages, and instruments.


6.20    Time of the Essence.   Time is of the essence in the performance of 
each provision of the Loan Documents by Grantor.


6.21    Amendments.   The Loan Documents (excluding the Guaranties) may be 
modified only by written agreement signed by Beneficiary and Grantor.


6.22    Entire Agreement.   The Loan Documents contain the entire agreement 
concerning the subject matter of the Loan Documents and supersede all prior 
and contemporaneous negotiations, agreements, statements, understandings, 
terms, conditions, representations and warranties, whether oral or written, 
between Beneficiary and Grantor concerning the Loan and any Future Advances 
which are the subject matter of the Loan Documents.


6.23    No Waiver by Beneficiary.   No waiver by Beneficiary of any of its 
rights or remedies in connection with the Obligations or of any of the 
terms or conditions of the Loan Documents shall be effective unless such 
waiver is in writing and signed by Beneficiary. Without limiting the 
generality of this Section, (a) no delay or omission by Beneficiary in 
exercising any of its rights or remedies in connection with the Obligations 
shall constitute or be construed as a waiver of such rights or remedies; 
(b) no waiver by Beneficiary of any default by Grantor under the Loan 
Documents or consent by Beneficiary to any act or omission by Grantor shall 
constitute or be construed as a waiver of or consent to any other or 
subsequent default, act or omission by Grantor; (c) no disbursement of the 
proceeds of the Loan or any Future Advance



60    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


by Beneficiary following any Event of Default shall constitute or be 
construed as a waiver of such Event of Default or obligate Beneficiary to 
make any other disbursement under the Loan Documents; (d) no acceptance by 
Beneficiary of any late payment or late or defective performance of any of 
the Obligations by Grantor shall constitute a waiver by Beneficiary of the 
right to require prompt payment and performance strictly in accordance with 
the Loan Documents with respect to any other payment or performance of any 
of the Obligations; (e) no acceptance by Beneficiary of any payment or 
performance following any notice of default which has been given or 
recorded by Beneficiary shall constitute a waiver of Beneficiary's right to 
proceed with the exercise of its remedies with respect to any Obligations 
which have not been paid or performed in full; (f) no acceptance by 
Beneficiary of any partial payment or performance shall constitute a waiver 
by Beneficiary of any of its rights or remedies relating to any Obligations 
which have not been paid or performed in full; and (g) no application of 
Rents and Profits, Insurance Proceeds, Condemnation Proceeds or Property 
Proceeds to any of the Obligations shall constitute or be construed as a 
waiver by Beneficiary or cure of any Event of Default or impair, prejudice, 
invalidate or otherwise affect any action by Beneficiary or Trustee in 
response to such default.


6.24    Waivers by Grantor.   To the fullest extent allowed by applicable 
law, Grantor waives presentment, demand for payment, protest, notice of 
demand, dishonor, protest and non-payment, and all other notices and 
demands in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default 
under, and enforcement of the Loan Documents. Grantor waives the right to 
assert any statute of limitations as a defense to the enforcement of any or 
all of the Loan Documents to the fullest extent permitted by law.


6.25    Waiver of Marshalling.   Grantor and all Persons holding a Lien 
affecting the Property who have actual or constructive notice of this Deed 
of Trust waive (a) all rights to require marshalling of assets or liens in 
the event of Beneficiary's exercise of any of its rights and remedies under 
this Deed or Trust, including any judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure sale 
of the Property; (b) all rights to require Beneficiary to exhaust its 
rights and remedies against any other collateral securing any or all of the 
Obligations before pursuing its rights and remedies under this Deed of 
Trust; and (c) all rights to require Beneficiary to exercise any other 
right or power or to pursue any other remedy which Beneficiary may have 
under any document or applicable law before pursuing its rights and 
remedies under this Deed of Trust.


6.26    Waiver of Subrogation.   Grantor waives all rights to recover 
against Beneficiary for any loss or damage incurred by Grantor from any 
cause which is insured under any of the Insurance Policies, except that the 
foregoing waiver of subrogation shall not be effective with respect to any 
Insurance Policy if the coverage under such policy would be materially 
reduced or impaired as a result of such waiver. Grantor shall use its best 
efforts to obtain Insurance Policies which permit the waiver of subrogation 
contained in this Section.


6.27    Waiver of Redemption and Other Rights. To the extent permitted by 
applicable law, Grantor will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in 
any manner whatever claim or take any benefit or advantage of any stay or 
extension or moratorium law, or any exemption from execution or sale of the 
Property or any part thereof; nor will Grantor claim, take or insist upon 
any benefit or advantage of any law now or hereafter in force providing for 
the valuation or appraisal of the Property, or any part thereof, prior to 
any sale or sales thereof which may be made pursuant to any provision 
herein, or pursuant to the decree, judgment or order of any court of 
competent jurisdiction; nor will Grantor, after any such sale or sales, 
claim or exercise any right under any statute heretofore or hereafter 
enacted to redeem the property so sold or any part thereof; and Grantor 
hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law or laws, 
and Grantor covenants not to hinder, delay or impede the execution of any 
power herein granted or delegated to Beneficiary, but to suffer and permit 
the execution of every power as though no such law or laws had been made or 
enacted. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Grantor 
expressly waives all rights of



61    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


redemption under any applicable Governmental Requirements (and amendments 
thereof). Grantor, for itself and all who claim under it, waives, to the 
extent that it lawfully may, all right to have the Property, or any other 
assets which secure the Obligations, marshaled upon any foreclosure hereof.


6.28    Cumulative Remedies.   No right or remedy of Beneficiary or Trustee 
under this Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents shall be exclusive of 
any other right or remedy under the Loan Documents or to which Beneficiary 
or Trustee may be entitled. Beneficiary's rights and remedies under the 
Loan Documents are cumulative and in addition to all other rights and 
remedies which Beneficiary may have under any other document with Grantor 
and under applicable law. Beneficiary shall have the right to exercise any 
one or more of its rights and remedies in connection with the Obligations 
at Beneficiary's option and in its sole and absolute discretion, without 
notice to Grantor or any other Person (except as otherwise expressly 
required by law or under the Loan Documents), and in such order as 
Beneficiary may determine in its sole and absolute discretion. If 
Beneficiary holds any collateral in addition to the Property for any of the 
Obligations, Beneficiary, at its option, shall have the right to pursue its 
rights or remedies with respect to such other collateral either before, 
contemporaneously with, or after Beneficiary's exercise of its rights or 
remedies with respect to the Property. Upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, Beneficiary, at its option, shall have 
the right to offset against any debt or monies due from Beneficiary to 
Grantor against all or part of the Obligations.


6.29    Subrogation to Lien Rights.   If any or all of the proceeds of the 
Note or any Future Advance are directly or indirectly used to pay any 
outstanding Lien against the Property, or if Beneficiary pays or discharges 
any Lien pursuant to any of the terms of the Loan Documents or under 
applicable law, Beneficiary shall be subrogated to all rights and liens 
held by the holder of such Lien, regardless of whether such Lien is 
reconveyed.


6.30    Joint and Several Liability.   Each Person signing this Deed of 
Trust as Grantor shall be jointly and severally liable to Beneficiary for 
the performance of Grantor's obligations under the Loan Documents. If 
Grantor consists of more than one Person, the occurrence of any Event of 
Default with respect to any one or more of such Persons shall constitute an 
Event of Default and entitle Beneficiary to exercise its rights and 
remedies under Article 4 of this Deed of Trust.


6.31    Further Documentation and Actions.


(1)    Grantor shall, on the request of Beneficiary and at the expense of 
Grantor: (1) promptly correct any defect, error or omission which may be 
discovered in the contents of this Deed of Trust or in the contents of any 
of the other Loan Documents; (2) promptly execute, acknowledge, deliver and 
record or file such further instruments (including, without limitation, 
further mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, security agreements, 
financing statements, continuation statements and assignments of rents or 
leases) and promptly do such further acts as may be necessary, desirable or 
proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Deed of Trust and 
the other Loan Documents and to subject to the liens and security interests 
hereof and thereof any property intended by the terms hereof and thereof to 
be covered hereby and thereby, including specifically, but without 
limitation, any renewals, additions, substitutions, replacements or 
appurtenances to the Property; (3) promptly execute, acknowledge, deliver, 
procure and record or file any document or instrument (including 
specifically, without limitation, any financing statement) deemed advisable 
by Beneficiary to protect, continue or perfect the liens or the security 
interests hereunder against the rights or interests of third persons; and 
(4) provide a new appraisal of the Property, not more than one time in any 
five (5) year period during the term of the Loan, for the benefit of 
Beneficiary from a licensed appraiser acceptable to Beneficiary, in its 
sole and absolute discretion (a copy of which appraisal shall be delivered 
to Grantor promptly after receipt of same by Beneficiary).



62    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(2)    Grantor acknowledges that Beneficiary and its successors and assigns 
may effectuate a Secondary Market Transaction (defined below). Grantor 
shall cooperate in good faith with Beneficiary (but without being obligated 
to incur a material cost or expense for which Beneficiary shall have the 
right but not the obligation to reimburse) in effecting any such Secondary 
Market Transaction and in implementing all requirements imposed by any 
rating agency involved in any Secondary Market Transaction including, 
without limitation, all structural or other changes to the Loan, providing 
audited financial statements on a continuing basis, modifications to any 
documents evidencing or securing the Loan; provided, however, that (except 
as may be required under Section 6.31(1)), Grantor shall not be required to 
modify any documents evidencing or securing the Loan which would modify (A) 
the interest rate payable under the Note, (B) the stated maturity of the 
Note, (C) the amortization of principal of the Note, or (D) any other 
material economic term of the Loan. Grantor shall provide such information, 
and documents relating to Grantor, any guarantor or indemnitor, the 
Property and any tenants of the Improvements as Beneficiary may reasonably 
request in connection with such Secondary Market Transaction. Grantor shall 
make available to Beneficiary all information concerning its business and 
operations that Beneficiary may reasonably request. Beneficiary shall be 
permitted to share all such information with the investment banking firms, 
rating agencies, accounting firms, law firms and other third-party advisory 
firms involved with the Loan Documents or the applicable Secondary Market 
Transaction. It is understood that the information provided by Grantor to 
Beneficiary may ultimately be incorporated into the offering documents for 
the Secondary Market Transaction and thus various investors may also see 
some or all of the information. Beneficiary and all of the aforesaid 
third-party advisors and professional firms shall be entitled to rely on 
the information supplied by, or on behalf of, Grantor and Grantor 
indemnifies and holds Beneficiary harmless hereunder as to any and all 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities that arise out of or are based upon 
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact 
contained in such information or arise out of or are based upon the 
omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to 
be stated in such information or necessary in order to make the statements 
in such information, or in light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading. Beneficiary may publicize the existence of the Loan 
in connection with its marketing for a Secondary Market Transaction or 
otherwise as part of its business development. For purposes hereof, a "
Secondary Market Transaction" shall be (a) any sale of the Deed of Trust, 
Note and other Loan Documents to one or more investors as a whole loan; (b) 
a participation of the Loan to one or more investors, (c) any deposit of 
the Deed of Trust, Note and other Loan Documents with a trust or other 
entity which may sell certificates or other instruments to investors 
evidencing an ownership interest in the assets of such trust or other 
entity, or (d) any other sale or transfer of the Loan or any interest 
therein to one or more investors.


6.32    Applicable Law; Jurisdiction; Venue. The creation, perfection and 
enforcement of the lien and security interest of this Deed of Trust shall 
be governed by the law of the State in which the property is located. 
Subject to the foregoing, in all other respects, this Deed of Trust shall 
be governed by the substantive laws of the State of Ohio without regard to 
principles of conflicts of laws. Grantor hereby irrevocably consents to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court for the county or 
judicial district in the State of Ohio; provided that nothing contained in 
this Deed of Trust will prevent the Beneficiary from bringing any action, 
enforcing any award or judgment or exercising any rights against the 
Grantor individually, against any security or against any property of the 
Grantor within any other county, state or other foreign or domestic 
jurisdiction. Grantor waives any objection to venue and any objection based 
on a more convenient forum in any action instituted under this Deed of 
Trust. Grantor agrees that service of process on Grantor may be effected by 
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, directed to Grantor 
at its address shown in this Deed of Trust.


6.33    Successors.   Subject to the restrictions contained in the Loan 
Documents, the terms, provisions, indemnities, covenants and conditions 
hereof shall be binding upon Grantor and the successors



63    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


and assigns of Grantor, including all successors in interest of Grantor in 
and to all or any part of the Property, and shall inure to the benefit of 
Beneficiary, its directors, officers, shareholders, employees and agents 
and their respective successors and assigns and shall constitute covenants 
running with the land. All references in this Deed of Trust to Grantor or 
Beneficiary shall be deemed to include all such parties’ successors and 
assigns, and the term "Beneficiary" as used herein shall also mean and 
refer to any lawful holder or owner, including pledgees and participants, 
of any of the Loan.


6.34    Power of Attorney.   Grantor irrevocably appoints Beneficiary, with 
full power of substitution, as Grantor's attorney-in-fact, coupled with an 
interest, with full power, in Beneficiary's own name or in the name of 
Grantor (a) to take any or all of the actions specified in Article 4 above 
with respect to the Property; and (b) to sign and record notices of 
completion, notices of cessation of labor, and any other similar notice or 
document which Beneficiary determines to be necessary or appropriate to 
protect its interests in connection with the Obligations. Beneficiary shall 
have the right to exercise the power of attorney granted in this Section 
directly or to delegate all or part of such power to one or more agents of 
Beneficiary. Nothing contained in this Deed of Trust shall be construed to 
obligate Beneficiary to act on behalf of Grantor as attorney-in-fact.


6.35    No Merger.   There shall be no merger of any estate in the Property 
which Grantor acquires after the date of this Deed of Trust with all or any 
portion of the estate in the Property which Grantor holds as of the date of 
this Deed of Trust, unless Beneficiary shall expressly agree otherwise in 
writing.


6.36    Secondary Market. Beneficiary may sell, transfer and deliver all or 
portions of, or interests in, the Loan Documents and/or the Loan to one or 
more investors in the secondary mortgage market. At any time and from time 
to time on or after the date hereof, Beneficiary may retain or assign from 
time to time some or all of the responsibility for servicing the Loan or 
may delegate some or all of such responsibility and/or obligations to a 
servicer (as same may be changed from time to time, the "Servicer"), 
including, but not limited to, any subservicer or master servicer, on 
behalf of the investors or the holder or holders of the Note. All 
references to Beneficiary herein shall refer to and include, without 
limitation, any such Servicer, to the extent applicable.


6.37    Maximum Interest. The provisions of this Deed of Trust and of all 
agreements between Grantor and Beneficiary, whether now existing or 
hereafter arising and whether written or oral, are hereby expressly limited 
so that in no contingency or event whatsoever, whether by reason of demand 
or acceleration of the maturity of the Note or otherwise, shall the amount 
paid, or agreed to be paid ("Interest"), to Beneficiary for the use, 
forbearance or retention of the money loaned under the Note exceed the 
maximum amount permissible under applicable law. If, from any circumstance 
whatsoever, performance or fulfillment of any provision hereof or of any 
agreement between Grantor and Beneficiary shall, at the time performance or 
fulfillment of such provision shall be due, exceed the limit for Interest 
prescribed by law or otherwise transcend the limit of validity prescribed 
by applicable law, then, ipso facto, the obligation to be performed or 
fulfilled shall be reduced to such limit, and if, from any circumstance 
whatsoever, Beneficiary shall ever receive anything of value deemed 
Interest by applicable law in excess of the maximum lawful amount, an 
amount equal to any excessive Interest shall be applied to the reduction of 
the principal balance owing under the Note in the inverse order of its 
maturity (whether or not then due) or, at the option of Beneficiary, be 
paid over to Grantor, and not to the payment of Interest. All Interest 
(including any amounts or payments deemed to be Interest) paid or agreed to 
be paid to Beneficiary shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be 
amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full period until 
payment in full of the principal balance of the Note so that the Interest 
thereon for such full period will not exceed the maximum amount permitted 
by applicable law. This Section will control all agreements between Grantor 
and Beneficiary.



64    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


6.1    Indemnification. INDEMNIFICATION. GRANTOR HEREBY INDEMNIFIES AND 
HOLDS BENEFICIARY HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSS, COST AND EXPENSES 
WITH RESPECT TO ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT, ANY LIENS (I.E., JUDGMENTS, 
MECHANICS’ AND MATERIALMEN’S LIENS, OR OTHERWISE), CHARGES AND ENCUMBRANCES 
FILED AGAINST THE PROPERTY, AND FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DEMANDS FOR DAMAGES OR 
INJURY, INCLUDING CLAIMS FOR PROPERTY DAMAGE, PERSONAL INJURY OR WRONGFUL 
DEATH, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCIDENT OR FIRE OR OTHER 
CASUALTY ON THE PROPERTY OR ANY NUISANCE MADE OR SUFFERED THEREON, 
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IN ANY CASE, ATTORNEYS’ FEES, COSTS AND 
EXPENSES AS AFORESAID, WHETHER AT PRETRIAL, TRIAL OR APPELLATE LEVEL, AND 
SUCH INDEMNITY SHALL SURVIVE PAYMENT IN FULL OF THE LOAN.


IT IS THE INTENTION OF GRANTOR, AND GRANTOR AGREES THAT ALL INDEMNITIES 
ARISING UNDER THIS DEED OF TRUST SHALL APPLY WITH RESPECT TO THE MATTERS 
ADDRESSED HEREIN THAT MAY BE IN WHOLE OR IN PART CAUSED BY OR MAY ARISE OUT 
OF THE SOLE, CONTRIBUTORY OR COMPARATIVE NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY OF 
ANY INDEMNITEE.


6.2    Request for Notices.   Grantor hereby requests that a copy of any 
notice of default and notice of sale as may be required by law be mailed to 
Grantor at its address stated above.


6.3    Exculpation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in 
this Deed of Trust, the liability of Grantor under this Deed of Trust and 
the other Loan Documents shall be limited as set forth in Section 2.05 of 
the Note.


6.4    Oral Agreements.   This notice is provided pursuant to Section 
432.047, R.S.Mo. As used herein, "creditor" means Beneficiary and "this 
writing" means this Deed of Trust and all other Loan Documents:


      ORAL OR UNEXECUTED AGREEMENTS OR COMMITMENTS TO LOAN MONEY, EXTEND
      CREDIT OR TO FOREBEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT INCLUDING
      PROMISES TO EXTEND OR RENEW SUCH DEBT, ARE NOT ENFORCEABLE REGARDLESS
      OF THE LEGAL THEORY UPON WHICH IT IS BASED THAT IS IN ANY WAY RELATED
      TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT. TO PROTECT YOU (BORROWER) AND US
      (CREDITOR/LENDER) FROM MISUNDERSTANDING OR DISAPPOINTMENT, ANY
      AGREEMENTS WE REACH COVERING SUCH MATTERS ARE CONTAINED IN THIS
      WRITING, WHICH IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE
      AGREEMENT BETWEEN US, EXCEPT AS WE MAY LATER AGREE IN WRITING TO
      MODIFY IT.


6.5    Lease of Property. Trustee hereby lets the Property to Grantor until 
a sale therefor is held under the provisions of Article 4 hereof, or until 
an Event of Default shall occur, upon the following terms and conditions, 
to wit: Grantor and all individuals or entities claiming or possessing any 
of the Property by, through or under Grantor shall pay rent therefor during 
said term at the rate of one cent per month, payable monthly upon demand, 
and shall surrender immediate peaceable possession of the Property (and any 
and every part thereof) sold under the provisions of this Deed of Trust to 
the purchaser thereof under such sale, without notice or demand therefor, 
and shall and will at once, without notice, surrender up possession of the 
Property and every part thereof in the event Beneficiary shall take charge 
and enter as hereinbefore provided.



65    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE 7    

UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE SECURITY AGREEMENT


7.1    Uniform Commercial Code Security Agreement.   Article 7 of this Deed 
of Trust constitutes a security agreement pursuant to the Uniform 
Commercial Code of the State in which the Property is located (the "Code"). 
All terms that are used in this Article 7 but which are not specifically 
defined in this Deed of Trust shall have the meanings given to such terms 
in the Code. To secure payment and performance of the Obligations, Grantor 
grants Beneficiary a security interest in all now owned and hereafter 
acquired assets and personal property of Grantor now or hereafter located 
on the Property or now or hereafter obtained for, used connection with, or 
otherwise relating to the design, planning, construction, development, use, 
operation, maintenance, or marketing of the Property (collectively, the 
"Personal Property Collateral"), including, without limitation, all right, 
title and interest of Grantor, in and to the following: (a) all fixtures, 
machinery, machines, motor vehicles, tools, parts, equipment, pumps, 
engines, motors, boilers, incinerators, building materials, inventory, 
supplies, goods, systems for the supply or distribution of heat, air 
conditioning, electricity, gas, water, air or light, elevators and related 
machinery and equipment, fire prevention and extinguishing equipment, 
security and access control equipment, plumbing, showers, bath tubs, water 
heaters, toilets, sinks, stoves, ranges, refrigerators, dishwashers, 
disposals, laundry equipment, wall, window and floor coverings, partitions, 
doors, windows, hardware, waste and rubbish removal equipment, recreational 
equipment, signs, furniture, furnishings, appliances, telephone equipment, 
computer systems, office equipment and supplies, plants, carpets, rugs, 
sculptures, art work, mirrors, tables, lamps, beds, television sets, light 
fixtures, chandeliers, desks, cabinets, bookcases, chairs, sofas, benches, 
and janitorial and maintenance equipment and supplies, and all 
substitutions, accessories, accessions, replacements, improvements, and 
additions to any or all of the foregoing; (b) all deposits, advance 
payments, security deposits, and rental payments made by or on behalf of 
Grantor to others in connection with the Property and relating to any or 
all of the following: (i) management or operational services; (ii) 
marketing services; (iii) architectural, engineering, or design services; 
(iv) utility services; (v) cleaning, maintenance, security, or repair 
services; (vi) rubbish or refuse removal services; (vii) sewer services; 
(viii) rental of furnishings, fixtures or equipment; (ix) parking; or (x) 
any service similar to any or all of the foregoing; (c) all reports, 
appraisals, drawings, plans, blueprints, studies, specifications, 
certificates of occupancy, building permits, grading permits, and surveys 
relating to all or part of the Property, and all amendments, modifications, 
supplements, general conditions and addenda thereto and all Operational 
Licenses, Franchise Agreements and Liquor Licenses; (d) all trade names, 
trademarks, trade styles, service marks, domain names, intellectual 
property, digital services, websites, social media platforms, remote 
(“cloud”) document storage, computer software and computer software 
products, logos, letterheads, advertising symbols, goodwill, telephone 
numbers, advertising rights, negatives, prints, brochures, flyers, 
pamphlets and other media items used or intended to be used in connection 
with the Property; (e) all warranties and guaranties, whether written or 
oral, from any third Person which directly or indirectly relate to all or 
part of the Property or personal property described in parts (a) through 
(d) of this Section 7.1; (f) all legal and equitable claims, causes of 
action, and rights against architects, engineers, designers, contractors, 
subcontractors, suppliers, materialmen and any other Persons supplying 
labor, services, materials or equipment, directly or indirectly, in 
connection with the design, planning, construction, development, use, 
operation, maintenance, or marketing of all or part of the Property; (g) 
all Condemnation Claims, Condemnation Proceeds, Property Claims (including 
commercial tort claims), Property Proceeds, Insurance Claims, and Insurance 
Proceeds (regardless of whether or not Beneficiary required Grantor to 
obtain or maintain in effect the Insurance Policy or Insurance Policies 
under which the Insurance Claims arise or the Insurance Proceeds are 
payable); (h) all real property tax refund claims, general intangibles 
(including payment intangibles), letters of credit, letter-of-credit 
rights, supporting obligations, accounts, deposit accounts, documents, 
instruments, chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper and tangible 
chattel paper), health-care-insurance receivables, and accounts receivable 
relating to the



66    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


design, planning, construction, development, use, operation, maintenance or 
marketing of all or part of the Property or any business now or hereafter 
conducted on the Property, including any right to payment for goods sold or 
leased or to be sold or leased or for services rendered or to be rendered, 
however evidenced, including purchase orders, negotiable documents, notes, 
drafts, acceptances, claims, instruments, insurance policies, and all other 
forms of obligations and receivables; (i) all Contracts, (j) (i) the 
Reserves, (ii) the accounts into which the Reserves have been deposited, 
(iii) all insurance of said accounts, (iv) all accounts, agreements, 
contract rights and general intangibles or other rights and interests 
pertaining thereto, (v) all sums now or hereafter therein or represented 
thereby, (vi) all replacements, substitutions or proceeds thereof, (vii) 
all instruments and documents now or hereafter evidencing the Reserves or 
such accounts, (viii) all powers, options, rights, privileges and 
immunities pertaining to the Reserves (including the right to make 
withdrawals therefrom), and (ix) all proceeds of the foregoing; and (k) all 
products and proceeds of any or all of the foregoing assets and personal 
property, including all money, deposit accounts, accounts, chattel paper, 
documents, notes, drafts, instruments, insurance proceeds, and all other 
tangible and intangible property resulting from the sale, lease, or other 
disposition of any or all of the foregoing personal property. Grantor 
hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not grant or provide any notice, 
approval, or draw request with respect to any of the Contracts without 
obtaining Beneficiary’s prior written approval.


7.2    Filing. Grantor agrees that Beneficiary may file this Deed of Trust, 
or a reproduction thereof, in the real estate records or other appropriate 
index, as a financing statement for any of the items of Personal Property 
Collateral specified in Section 7.1 above which is or may be part of the 
Property. Any reproduction of this Deed of Trust or of any other security 
agreement or financing statement shall be sufficient as a financing 
statement. Grantor (a) irrevocably authorizes Beneficiary to file a 
financing statement with respect to any or all of the Personal Property 
Collateral and in particular an “All Assets” collateral description, and 
such other financing statements, addenda thereto, and financing statement 
amendments, termination statements, continuation statements, and 
assignments in such filing offices or with such other Governmental 
Authorities as Beneficiary may deem to be necessary or appropriate in order 
to perfect the security interest granted to Beneficiary under this Article 
7 or to otherwise effectuate the terms of this Article 7; (b) agrees to 
execute and deliver to Beneficiary, upon Beneficiary's request, any or all 
of such documents in such form as Beneficiary may require to perfect the 
security interest granted to Beneficiary under this Article 7 or to 
otherwise effectuate the terms of this Article 7. Grantor shall pay all 
costs of filing of such financing statements and any extensions, renewals, 
amendments and releases thereof, and shall pay all costs and expenses of 
any record searches for financing statements that Beneficiary may 
reasonably require.


7.3    Additional Covenants of Grantor.   Grantor, at its sole cost and 
expense, (a) shall give Beneficiary at least thirty (30) days prior written 
notice of (i) if Grantor is an individual, any change in Grantor’s 
principal residence; (ii) if Grantor is a registered organization as to 
which the state or other Governmental Authority under which Grantor is 
organized maintains a public record showing Grantor to have been organized 
(a "Registered Organization"), any change in the state or Governmental 
Authority under which Grantor is organized; (iii) if Grantor is an 
organization which is not a Registered Organization, any change in 
Grantor’s place of business or chief executive office; and (iv) the 
acquisition or use of a trade name or style by Grantor; (b) shall promptly 
notify Beneficiary in writing of any claim, lien, security interest, right, 
encumbrance or any other occurrence which may be adverse to Beneficiary's 
security interest in the Personal Property Collateral; (c) shall defend the 
Personal Property Collateral from all claims, liens, security interests, 
rights, encumbrances and other matters which are adverse to Beneficiary's 
security interest in the Personal Property Collateral; (d) shall promptly 
pay all costs and expenses relating to the purchase, ownership, or use of 
the Personal Property Collateral, including all liens, taxes, assessments 
and charges of Governmental Authorities levied, assessed or imposed on all 
or part of the Personal Property Collateral; (e) shall not sell, transfer, 
pledge, hypothecate, lease or otherwise dispose of or abandon all or part 
of the Personal Property Collateral without Beneficiary's prior written 
consent, except in connection with a



67    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Permitted Transfer or for the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of 
Grantor's business, the disposition of any Personal Property Collateral 
which is obsolete or which has a de minimus value, and the disposition of 
any Personal Property Collateral which is promptly replaced with new 
Personal Property Collateral of substantially comparable value and utility; 
(f) shall not remove any material part of the Personal Property Collateral 
which consists of tangible personal property from its location on the 
Property without Beneficiary's prior written consent, except for the sale 
of inventory in the ordinary course of Grantor's business, the disposition 
of any Personal Property Collateral which is obsolete or which has a de 
minimus value, and the disposition of any Personal Property Collateral 
which is promptly replaced with new Personal Property Collateral of 
substantially comparable value and utility; (g) shall, upon Beneficiary's 
request, give notice, in form and substance acceptable to Beneficiary, to 
any or all account debtors or Persons obligated on an instrument designated 
by Beneficiary of Grantor's grant of a security interest in any Personal 
Property Collateral which consists of accounts, contract rights, 
instruments, documents, or general intangibles (referred to collectively as 
the "Accounts" and individually as an "Account"); (h) following the 
occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, shall not 
compromise, settle, adjust, or grant any discount, credit, or allowance to 
any Account debtor without Beneficiary's prior written consent; (i) shall 
undertake any and all other acts necessary or appropriate to maintain, 
preserve and protect the Personal Property Collateral and Beneficiary's 
security interest therein, including any actions requested by Beneficiary; 
and (j) shall execute and deliver to Beneficiary such other documents as 
Beneficiary may request in order to evidence, effectuate, perfect, 
maintain, preserve or protect Beneficiary's security interest in the 
Personal Property Collateral, including security agreements and 
assignments. If Grantor fails to execute and deliver to Beneficiary any 
document requested by Beneficiary pursuant Section 7.3(j) within ten (10) 
days after such request, then Grantor irrevocably appoints Beneficiary, 
with full power of substitution, as Grantor's attorney-in-fact, coupled 
with an interest, with full power, in its own name or in the name of 
Grantor, to execute such document on behalf of Grantor. Grantor has set 
forth above its full and correct name, and Grantor does not presently use 
any other names or tradenames, except for those tradenames specifically 
disclosed in writing by Grantor to Beneficiary prior to the recordation of 
this Deed of Trust. Nothing contained in this Article 7 shall be construed 
to obligate Beneficiary to act on behalf of Grantor as attorney-in-fact.


7.4    Rights and Additional Remedies of Beneficiary under Uniform 
Commercial Code. Without limiting Article 4 above, upon the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default, Beneficiary shall have the 
following additional rights and remedies with respect to the Personal 
Property Collateral: (a) Beneficiary shall have all the rights and remedies 
of a secured party under the Code and under any other applicable law, and, 
at Beneficiary's option, shall also have the right to invoke any or all of 
the remedies provided in Article 4 of this Deed of Trust with respect to 
the Personal Property Collateral, and in exercising any of such remedies, 
Beneficiary may proceed against the items of real property and any items of 
Personal Property Collateral separately or together and in any order 
whatsoever, without in any way affecting the availability of Beneficiary's 
remedies under the Code or of the remedies provided in Article 4 of this 
Deed of Trust; (b) Beneficiary, at its option, shall have the right (i) to 
direct any or all Account debtors to make payment directly to Beneficiary; 
(ii) to demand, collect, receive and give receipts for any and all money 
and other property due or to become due in connection with all or part of 
the Personal Property Collateral, including any of the Accounts; (iii) to 
take possession of and endorse and collect any or all notes, checks, 
drafts, money orders, or other instruments of payment relating to all or 
part of the Personal Property Collateral or proceeds of the Personal 
Property Collateral, including any of the Accounts; and (iv) to file any 
claim and take any other action which Beneficiary determines to be 
appropriate for the purpose of collecting any or all of the Accounts and to 
compromise, adjust or settle Accounts for less than face value thereof, and 
to execute all releases and other documents in connection therewith; 
provided, however, that Beneficiary shall not be obligated in any manner to 
make any demand for or to make any inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency 
of any payment received by it, or to present or file any claim or take any 
action to collect or enforce the payment of any or all of the Accounts; (c) 
should Beneficiary seek to take possession



68    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


of any or all of the Personal Property Collateral by court process, Grantor 
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that a receiver may be appointed by 
a court for such purpose without regard to the adequacy of the security for 
the Obligations; and (d) Grantor irrevocably appoints Beneficiary, with 
full power of substitution, as Grantor's attorney-in-fact, coupled with an 
interest, with full power, in its own name or in the name of Grantor to 
take any or all of the actions described in Section 7.4(b) after the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default. Beneficiary, 
at its option, and whether or not an Event of Default exists, shall at all 
times have the right [A] to take such actions as Beneficiary determines to 
be necessary or appropriate to maintain, preserve and protect the Personal 
Property Collateral and Beneficiary's security interest therein; and [B] to 
give notice to any Account debtor containing such information and 
instructions concerning the existence of Beneficiary's security interest 
and rights in the Personal Property Collateral under this Deed of Trust as 
Beneficiary determines to be necessary or appropriate to protect its 
interest.


7.5    Fixtures.   The Personal Property Collateral in which Beneficiary 
has a security interest under this Article 7 includes goods which are or 
may become Fixtures on the Property. This Deed of Trust constitutes a 
fixture filing pursuant to the terms of Section 9502 of the Code and the 
Missouri Uniform Commercial Code, as amended or recodified from time to 
time, which shall be recorded in the real estate records of the county in 
which the Property is located and that relates to the Property more 
particularly described in this Deed of Trust. In that regard, the following 
information is provided:


Name of Debtor:


Chase Park Plaza Hotel, LLC



Address of Debtor:


15601 Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001-6026



Name of Secured Party:


Great American Life Insurance Company



Address of Secured Party:
c/o American Real Estate Capital, Two Alhambra Plaza, Suite 1280, Coral 
Gables, Florida 33134

ARTICLE 8    

ENVIRONMENTAL AND HUMAN HEALTH MATTERS


8.1    Hazardous Waste and Other Substances.


(a)    Grantor hereby represents and warrants to Beneficiary that, as of 
the date hereof, except as disclosed in that certain Phase 1 Environmental 
Site Assessment Report prepared by Partner Engineering and Science, Inc., 
dated May 15, 2014, Project No. 14-119231.1, Beneficiary has received with 
respect to the Property: (i) to the best of Grantor’s knowledge, 
information and belief, none of Grantor nor the Property nor any Tenant at 
the Property the operations conducted thereon is in direct or indirect 
violation of or otherwise exposed to any liability under any local, state 
or federal law, rule or regulation or common law duty pertaining to human 
health, natural resources or the environment, including, without 
limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and 
Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. §9601 et seq. and 40 CFR §302.1 et. seq. 
("CERCLA"), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 
§6901 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. §1251 
et seq. and 40 CFR §116.1 et. seq.), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. §7401 et 
seq.), the Emergency Planning and Community-Right-to-Know Act (42 U.S.C. 
§11001 et seq.), the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. §1531 et seq.), the 
Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. §2601 et seq.), the Occupational 
Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. §651 et seq.), those relating to lead 
based paint, and the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (49 U.S.C. 
§1801



69    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


et seq.), and the regulations promulgated pursuant to said laws, all as 
amended from time to time (collectively, the "Environmental Law" or "
Environmental Laws") or otherwise exposed to any liability under any 
Environmental Law relating to or affecting the Property, whether or not 
used by or within the control of Grantor; (ii) to the best of Grantor’s 
knowledge, information and belief, no hazardous, toxic or harmful 
substances, wastes, materials, pollutants, or contaminants (including, 
without limitation, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, 
polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum or petroleum products or byproducts, 
flammable explosives, radioactive materials, paint containing more than 
0.5% lead by dry weight ("Lead Based Paint") infectious substances, radon 
gas or raw materials which include hazardous constituents) or Microbial 
Matter (hereinafter defined) or any other substances or materials which are 
included under or regulated by Environmental Laws (collectively, "
Hazardous Substances") are located on, in or under or have been handled, 
generated, stored, processed or disposed of on or released or discharged 
from the Property (including underground contamination), except for those 
substances used by Grantor or any Tenant in the ordinary course of their 
respective businesses and in compliance with all Environmental Laws and 
where such use could not reasonably be expected to give rise to liability 
under Environmental Laws; (iii) the Property is not subject to any private 
or governmental lien or judicial or administrative notice or action 
relating to Hazardous Substances; (iv) there is no pending, nor, to 
Grantor’s knowledge, information or belief, threatened litigation arising 
under Environmental Laws affecting Grantor or the Property; to the best of 
Grantor’s knowledge, information and belief, there are no and have been no 
existing or closed underground storage tanks or other underground storage 
receptacles for Hazardous Substances or landfills or dumps on the Property; 
(v) Grantor has received no notice of, and to the best of Grantor’s 
knowledge and belief, there exists no investigation, action, proceeding or 
claim by any agency, authority or unit of government or by any third party 
which could result in any liability, penalty, sanction or judgment under 
any Environmental Laws with respect to any condition, use or operation of 
the Property, nor does Grantor know of any basis for an investigation, 
action, proceeding or claim; (vi) Grantor has received no notice of and, to 
the best of Grantor’s knowledge and belief, there has been no claim by any 
party that any use, operation or condition of the Property has caused any 
nuisance or any other liability or adverse condition on any other property, 
nor does Grantor know of any basis for such a claim; and (vii) to the best 
of Grantor’s knowledge information and belief, radon is not present at the 
Property in excess or in violation of any applicable thresholds or 
standards or in amounts that require disclosure under applicable law to any 
tenant or occupant of or invitee to the Property or to any governmental 
agency or the general public. "Microbial Matter" shall mean the presence of 
fungi or bacterial matter which reproduces through the release of spores or 
the splitting of cells, including, but not limited to, mold, mildew and 
viruses, whether or not such Microbial Matter is living.


(b)    Grantor has not received nor to the best of Grantor’s knowledge, 
information and belief has there been issued, any notice, notification, 
demand, request for information, citation, summons, or order in any way 
relating to any actual, alleged or potential violation or liability arising 
under Environmental Laws.


(c)    Neither the Property, nor to the best of Grantor’s knowledge, 
information and belief, any property to which Grantor has, in connection 
with the maintenance or operation of the Property, directly or indirectly 
transported or arranged for the transportation of any Hazardous Substances 
is listed or, to the best of Grantor’s knowledge, information and belief, 
proposed for listing on the National Priorities List promulgated pursuant 
to CERCLA, on CERCLIS (as defined in CERCLA) or on any similar federal or 
state list of sites requiring environmental investigation or clean-up.


(d)    Grantor shall comply with all applicable Environmental Laws. Grantor 
shall keep or cause the Property to be kept free from Hazardous Substances 
(except those substances used by Grantor or any Tenant in the ordinary 
course of their respective businesses in compliance with all Environmental 
Laws and where such use could not reasonably be expected to give rise to 
liability under Environmental



70    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Laws) and in compliance with all Environmental Laws Grantor shall not 
install or use any underground storage tanks, shall expressly prohibit the 
use, generation, handling, storage, production, processing and disposal of 
Hazardous Substances by all Tenants in quantities or conditions that would 
violate or give rise to any obligation to take remedial or other action 
under any applicable Environmental Laws. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, during the term of this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall not 
install in the Improvements or permit to be installed in the Improvements 
any asbestos or asbestos-containing material.


(e)    Grantor shall promptly notify Beneficiary if Grantor shall become 
aware of (i) the actual or potential existence of any Hazardous Substances 
on the Property other than those occurring in the ordinary course of 
Grantor’s or any Tenant’s business which do not violate, or would not 
otherwise give rise to liability under Environmental Laws, (ii) any direct 
or indirect violation of, or other exposure to liability under, any 
Environmental Laws, (iii) any lien, action or notice affecting the Property 
or Grantor resulting from any violation or alleged violation of or 
liability or alleged liability under any Environmental Laws, (iv) the 
institution of any investigation, inquiry or proceeding concerning Grantor 
or the Property pursuant to any Environmental Laws or otherwise relating to 
Hazardous Substances, or (v) the discovery of any occurrence, condition or 
state of facts which would render any representation or warranty contained 
in this Deed of Trust incorrect in any respect if made at the time of such 
discovery. Immediately upon receipt of same, Grantor, shall deliver to 
Beneficiary copies of any and all requests for information, complaints, 
citations, summonses, orders, notices, reports, permits, applications or 
other communications, documents or instruments in any way relating to any 
actual, alleged or potential violation or liability of any nature 
whatsoever arising under the Environmental Laws and relating to the 
Property or to Grantor. Grantor shall remedy or cause to be remedied in a 
timely manner (and in any event within the time period permitted by 
applicable Environmental Laws) any violation of Environmental Laws or any 
condition that could give rise to liability under Environmental Laws. 
Without limiting the foregoing, Grantor shall, promptly (on its own 
initiative or if required by Beneficiary) and regardless of the source of 
the contamination or threat to the environment or human health, at its own 
cost and expense, take all actions as shall be necessary or prudent, for 
the clean-up of any and all portions of the Property or other affected 
property, including, without limitation, all investigative, monitoring, 
removal, containment and remedial actions in accordance with all applicable 
Environmental Laws (and in all events in a manner satisfactory to 
Beneficiary) and shall further pay or cause to be paid, at no expense to 
Beneficiary, all clean-up, administrative and enforcement costs of 
applicable governmental agencies which may be asserted against the 
Property. In the event Grantor fails to do so, Beneficiary may, but shall 
not be obligated to, cause the Property or other affected property to be 
freed from any Hazardous Substances or otherwise brought into conformance 
with Environmental Laws and any and all costs and expenses incurred by 
Beneficiary in connection therewith, together with interest thereon at the 
Default Rate from the date incurred by Beneficiary until actually paid by 
Grantor, shall be immediately paid by Grantor on demand and shall be 
secured by this Deed of Trust and by all of the other Loan Documents 
securing all or any part of the Loan. Grantor hereby grants to Beneficiary 
and its agents and employees access to the Property and a license to remove 
any items deemed by Beneficiary to be Hazardous Substances and to do all 
things Beneficiary shall deem necessary to bring the Property into 
conformance with Environmental Laws.


(f)    Grantor covenants and agrees, at Grantor’s sole cost and expense, to 
indemnify, defend (at trial and appellate levels, and with attorneys, 
consultants and experts acceptable to Beneficiary), and hold Beneficiary 
harmless from and against any and all liens, damages (including without 
limitation, punitive or exemplary damages), losses, liabilities (including, 
without limitation, strict liability), obligations, settlement payments, 
penalties, fines, assessments, citations, directives, claims, litigation, 
demands, defenses, judgments, suits, proceedings, costs, disbursements or 
expenses of any kind or of any nature whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys’, consultants’ and experts’ fees and 
disbursements actually incurred in investigating, defending, settling or 
prosecuting any claim, litigation or proceeding)



71    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


which may at any time be imposed upon, incurred by or asserted or awarded 
against Beneficiary or the Property, and arising directly or indirectly 
from or out of: (i) any violation or alleged violation of, or liability or 
alleged liability under, any Environmental Law; (ii) the presence, release 
or threat of release of or exposure to any Hazardous Substances on, in, 
under or affecting all or any portion of the Property or any surrounding 
areas, regardless of whether or not caused by or within the control of 
Grantor; (iii) any transport, treatment, recycling, storage, disposal or 
arrangement therefor of Hazardous Substances whether on the Property, 
originating from the Property, or otherwise associated with Grantor or any 
operations conducted on the Property at any time; (iv) the failure by 
Grantor to comply fully with the terms and conditions of this Section 8.1; 
(v) the breach of any representation or warranty contained in this Section 
8.1; (vi) the enforcement of this Section 8.1, including, without 
limitation, the cost of assessment, investigation, containment, removal 
and/or remediation of any and all Hazardous Substances from all or any 
portion of the Property or any surrounding areas, the cost of any actions 
taken in response to the presence, release or threat of release of any 
Hazardous Substances on, in, under or affecting any portion of the Property 
or any surrounding areas to prevent or minimize such release or threat of 
release so that it does not migrate or otherwise cause or threaten danger 
to present or future public health, safety, welfare or the environment, and 
costs incurred to comply with the Environmental Laws in connection with all 
or any portion of the Property or any surrounding areas. The indemnity set 
forth in this Section 8.1 shall also include any diminution in the value of 
the security afforded by the Property or any future reduction in the sales 
price of the Property by reason of any matter set forth in this Section 8.1
. The foregoing indemnity shall specifically not include any such costs 
relating to Hazardous Substances which are initially placed on, in or under 
the Property after foreclosure or other taking of title to the Property by 
Beneficiary or its successor or assigns. Beneficiary’s rights under this 
Section 8.1(f) shall survive payment in full of the Loan, taking of title 
to the Property by Beneficiary or its successors or assigns and foreclosure 
of this Deed of Trust, and shall be in addition to all other rights of 
Beneficiary under this Deed of Trust, the Note and the other Loan 
Documents.


(g)    Upon Beneficiary’s request, at any time after the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default or at such other time as 
Beneficiary has reasonable grounds to believe that Hazardous Substances are 
or have been released, stored or disposed of on or around the Property in 
violation of the Environmental Laws or that the Property may otherwise be 
in violation of the Environmental Laws, Grantor shall perform or cause to 
be performed, at Grantor’s sole cost and expense and in scope, form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Beneficiary, an inspection or audit of 
the Property prepared by a hydrogeologist or environmental engineer or 
other appropriate consultant approved by Beneficiary indicating the 
presence or absence of Hazardous Substances on the Property, the compliance 
or non-compliance status of the Property and the operations conducted 
thereon with applicable Environmental Laws, or an inspection or audit of 
the Property prepared by an engineering or consulting firm approved by 
Beneficiary indicating the presence or absence of friable asbestos or 
substances containing asbestos, lead or substances containing lead or Lead 
Based Paint on the Property. If Grantor fails to provide reports of such 
inspection or audit within thirty (30) days after such request, Beneficiary 
may order the same, and Grantor hereby grants to Beneficiary and its 
employees and agents access to the Property and an irrevocable license to 
undertake such inspection or audit. The cost of such inspection or audit, 
together with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the date incurred 
by Beneficiary until actually paid by Grantor, shall be immediately due and 
payable to Beneficiary by Grantor on demand and shall be secured by this 
Deed of Trust and by all of the other Loan Documents securing all or any 
part of the Loan.


(h)     Reference is made to that certain Hazardous Substances Indemnity 
Agreement of even date herewith by and among Grantor and (as hereafter 
amended from time to time, the "Hazardous Substances Indemnity Agreement"). 
The provisions of this Deed of Trust and the Hazardous Substances Indemnity 
Agreement shall be read together to maximize the coverage with respect to 
the subject matter thereof, as determined by Beneficiary.



72    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


(i)    Grantor agrees that if it has been, or if at any time hereafter it 
is, determined that the Property contains either Lead Based Paint or 
Microbial Matter, on or before thirty (30) days following (i) the date 
hereof, if such determination was made prior to the date hereof or (ii) 
such determination, if such determination is hereafter made, as applicable, 
Grantor shall, at its sole cost and expense, develop and implement, and 
thereafter diligently and continuously carry out (or cause to be developed 
and implemented and thereafter diligently and continually to be carried 
out), an operations, abatement and maintenance plan for the Lead Based 
Paint or Microbial Matter, as applicable on or at the Property, which plans 
shall be prepared by an expert, and be in form, scope and substance, 
acceptable to Beneficiary (together with any Lead Based Paint Report or 
Microbial Matter Report, as applicable, an "O&M Plan"). (If an O&M Plan has 
been prepared prior to the date hereof, Grantor agrees to diligently and 
continually carry out (or cause to be carried out) the provisions thereof.) 
Compliance with the O&M Plan shall require or be deemed to require, without 
limitation, the proper preparation and maintenance of all records, papers 
and forms required under the Environmental Laws.


(j)    Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Deed of Trust to 
the contrary, the liabilities and obligations of Grantor hereunder shall 
not apply to such liabilities and obligations which relate to Hazardous 
Substances that were not present on or a threat to the Property prior to 
the date, if ever, that Beneficiary or its nominee acquired title to the 
Property, whether by foreclosure, exercise of power of sale or otherwise.  
Grantor shall have the burden of proof as to whether the Hazardous 
Substances were present or a threat to the Property prior to the date, if 
ever, that Beneficiary or its nominee acquired title to the Property, 
whether by foreclosure, exercise of power of sale or otherwise and the fact 
that such presence or threat was known or not known to Beneficiary or 
Grantor prior to such date shall be irrelevant.


THIS DEED OF TRUST AND THE OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATED THERETO REPRESENT THE 
FINAL WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY 
EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE 
PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.



73    

------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Grantor has on the date set forth in the acknowledgment 
hereto, effective as of the date first above written, caused this Deed of 
Trust to be duly EXECUTED AND DELIVERED, by authority duly given. 



                              GRANTOR:


                                    CHASE PARK PLAZA HOTEL, LLC, a Delaware
                                    limited liability company
                        


                                      By:
Behringer Harvard Opportunity OP I, LP, a Texas limited partnership, a 
member



                                      By:
BHO, Inc., a Delaware corporation, its general partner


By:    /s/ Michael J. O’Hanlon    
Name:    Michael J. O’Hanlon
Title:    Chief Executive Officer





STATE OF TEXAS        )
)    ss:


COUNTY OF DALLAS        )


On the 8 day of August, 2014, before me, the undersigned, personally 
appeared, Michael J. O’Hanlon, the Chief Executive Officer of BHO, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation, the general partner of Behringer Harvard Opportunity 
OP I, LP, a Texas limited partnership, a member of Chase Park Plaza Hotel, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, personally known to me or proved 
to me on the basis satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is 
subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that he 
executed the same on behalf of BHO, Inc., the general partner of Behringer 
Harvard Opportunity OP I, LP acting for and on behalf of Chase Park Plaza 
Hotel, LLC.


[SEAL]                            /s/ Linda Perkins
My Commission Expires:                            Notary Public:
February 19, 2018



               DEED OF TRUST
               EXHIBIT "A"
               LEGAL DESCRIPTION


THE REAL PROPERTY REFERRED TO HEREIN IS ALL THAT CERTAIN REAL PROPERTY 
LOCATED IN THE CITY OF ST. LOUIS, STATE OF MISSOURI DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS:


Street Address:    212-232 North Kingshighway Boulevard, City of St. Louis, 
Missouri 63108


Tax Identification Numbers:    Parcel No. 3882-00-02012; Parcel No. 
3882-00-02013; Parcel No. 3882-00-02022; Parcel No. 3882-00-02023; Parcel 
No. 3882-00-02032; Parcel No. 3882-00-02033; Parcel No. 3882-00-02042; 
Parcel No. 3882-00-02043; Parcel No. 3882-00-02052; Parcel No. 
3882-00-02053; Parcel No. 3882-00-02082; Parcel No. 3882-00-02083; Parcel 
No. 3882-00-02092; Parcel No. 3882-00-02093; Parcel No. 3882-00-02102; 
Parcel No. 3882-00-02103; Parcel No. 3882-00-02122; Parcel No. 
3882-00-02123; Parcel No. 3882-00-02192; Parcel No. 3882-00-02193; Parcel 
No. 3882-00-03061; Parcel No. 3882-00-03071; Parcel No. 3882-00-03062; 
Parcel No. 3882-00-03063; Parcel No. 3882-00-03072; Parcel No. 
3882-00-03073; Parcel No. 3882-00-02207


Legal Description:


Land situated in the City of St. Louis, and State of Missouri, to wit:


Parcel 1 (Fee Simple):


Units 1, 2, 3, 3A, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9 and 16 of Park Plaza Master Condominium, a 
Condominium in City Block 3882, according to the plat thereof recorded in 
Book 12082006, Page 0379, including an un-divided interest in the common 
elements thereto belonging, all according to and more particularly 
described in the Master Declaration of Condominium Park Plaza Master 
Condominium dated effective as of December 1, 2006, and recorded December 
8, 2006, in Book 12082006, Page 0378 of the St. Louis City Records, as 
amended and restated pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Master 
Declaration of Condominium dated effective as of November 14, 2007, and 
recorded November 16, 2007, in Book 11162007, Page 0326 of the St. Louis 
City Records.


Parcel 2 (Easement):


Sub-surface easement more particularly described as follows: A portion of 
the public street rights-of-way known as Kingshighway Boulevard, 100 feet 
wide, and Maryland Plaza, 80 feet wide, adjacent to Block 3882 of the City 
of St. Louis, Missouri, lying between horizontal planes at elevation 72.35 
and 82.20 above 0.00 on the St. Louis City Datum and bounded by vertical 
planes described as follows: Commencing at the intersection of the Northern 
line of Lindell Boulevard, 100 feet wide, with the Eastern line of 
Kingshighway Boulevard, 100 feet wide; thence along said Eastern line of 
Kingshighway Boulevard, North 6 degrees 21 minutes 40 seconds West, 233.89 
feet to the point of beginning of the herein described tract of land; 
thence leaving said Eastern street line, and running South 85 degrees 17 
minutes 58 seconds West, 17.01 feet to a point; thence along a line 
parallel with the Eastern line of Kingshighway Boulevard, North 6 degrees 
21 minutes 40 seconds West, 202.48 feet to a point; thence North 36 degrees 
10 minutes 13 seconds East, 34.20 feet to a point; thence along a line 
parallel with the Southern line of Maryland Plaza, South 88 degrees 57 
minutes 40 seconds East, 107.00 feet to a point; thence North 86 degrees 28 
minutes 40 seconds East, 25.15 feet to a point; thence along a line 
parallel with the Southern line of Maryland Plaza, South 88 degrees 57 
minutes 40 seconds East, 61.50 feet to a point; thence South 6 degrees 21 
minutes 40 seconds East, 14.12 feet to a point on the Southern line of 
Maryland Plaza at the Northeast corner of property conveyed to Singleton by 
Deed recorded in Book 4189, Page 404 of the St. Louis City records; thence 
along the Southern line of Maryland Plaza, North 88 degrees 57 minutes 40 
seconds West, 200.00 feet to its intersection with the Eastern line of 
Kingshighway Boulevard, as aforementioned; thence along said Eastern street 
line, South 6 degrees 21 minutes 40 seconds East, 216.87 feet to the point 
of beginning.


Parcel 3 (Fee Simple):


A tract of land in Block 3882 of the City of St. Louis, Missouri, beginning 
at the intersection of the Northern line of Lindell Boulevard, 100 feet 
wide, with the Eastern line of Kingshighway, 100 feet wide; thence along 
said Eastern line of Kingshighway Boulevard, North 6 degrees 21 minutes 40 
seconds West, 247.83 feet to a point; thence leaving said street line and 
running the following: North 85 degrees 17 minutes 58 seconds East, 137.39 
feet; South 4 degrees 42 minutes 25 seconds East, 8.16 feet and South 89 
degrees 33 minutes 08 seconds East, 61.67 feet to a point; thence North 6 
degrees 21 minutes 40 seconds West 1.98 feet to a point; thence South 89 
degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds East 46.97 feet to a point; thence North 1 
degree 02 minutes 20 seconds East 98.99 feet to a point; thence leaving 
said point and running along a line parallel with and 94.00 feet 
perpendicular distant South of the Southern line of Maryland Plaza, South 
88 degrees 57 minutes 40 seconds East 252.68 feet to a point, said point 
being distant North 88 degrees 57 minutes 40 seconds West, 68.24 feet from 
the Western line of York Avenue, as measured along the last mentioned line 
and located on the direct Northward prolongation of the Eastern wall of a 
concrete parking garage; thence leaving said point and running along said 
prolongation, along the Eastern wall of said parking garage and along its 
direct Southward prolongation South 1 degree 06 minutes 00 seconds West, 
139.23 feet to a point on the Northern line of property conveyed to “220 
Television, Inc.”, by deed recorded in Book 154M, Page 1091 of the St. 
Louis City Records, said point being distant North 88 degrees 57 minutes 40 
seconds West, 88.41 feet from the Western line of York Avenue, as measured 
along said Northern line; thence leaving the aforementioned point and 
running along the Northern line of “220 Television, Inc.”, North 88 degrees 
57 minutes 40 seconds West, 18.06 feet to the Northwest corner thereof; 
thence along the Western line of said property, South 1 degree 02 minutes 
20 seconds West, 25.63 feet to a point on the Northern wall of a one story, 
brick and concrete building; thence leaving said Western property line and 
running along said Northern wall line South 88 degrees 52 minutes 34 
seconds East, 6.97 feet to the Northeast corner of said one story building 
and located on the Western wall of a two story brick and concrete block 
building; thence along the wall line of said one story building and said 
two story building, South 1 degree 06 minutes 59 seconds West, 24.32 feet 
to a point; thence leaving the Eastern wall of said one story building and 
running along the wall of said two story building the following: South 88 
degrees 53 minutes 01 seconds East, 9.04 feet; South 0 degrees 55 minutes 
46 seconds West, 50.77 feet; North 88 degrees 53 minutes 07 seconds West, 
1.20 feet; South 0 degrees 55 minutes 46 seconds West, 1.36 feet and South 
88 degrees 53 minutes 07 seconds East, 1.20 feet to a point; thence leaving 
said wall line and running South 1 degree 02 minutes 17 seconds West, 
111.36 feet to a point on the Northern line of Lindell Boulevard, as 
aforementioned, said point being distant South 89 degrees 00 minutes 00 
seconds East, 5.92 feet from the Southwest corner of property conveyed to 
“220 Television Inc.”, as measured along the Northern line of Lindell 
Boulevard; thence leaving said point and running along the Northern line of 
said Lindell Boulevard North 89 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West, 464.53 
fee to the point of beginning.


Note: The above described property is also known as: Unit No. 2 of 
Chase-Park Plaza Condominiums, in City Block 3882, according to the plat 
thereof recorded in Plat Book 55, Page 28, including an undivided interest 
in the common elements thereto belonging, all according to and more 
particularly described in the Declaration of Condominium Ownership of 
Chase-Park Plaza Condominium Project, dated September 30, 1986 and recorded 
October 03, 1986 in Book M560, Page 639 of the St. Louis City, Missouri, 
Records.


Parcel 4 (Fee Simple):


A tract of land being part of Block 3882 of the City of St. Louis, 
Missouri, and described as follows: Commencing at the intersection of the 
Eastern line of Kingshighway Boulevard, 100 feet wide, with the Southern 
line of Maryland Plaza, 80 feet wide; thence along said Southern line of 
Maryland Plaza, South 88 degrees 57 minutes 40 seconds East, 200.00 feet to 
a point, said point being the Northeast corner of property conveyed to 
Singleton by deed recorded in Book 4189, Page 404 of the St. Louis City 
records; thence leaving said street line and running along a line parallel 
with the Eastern line of Kingshighway Boulevard and being the Eastern line 
of said Singleton property South 6 degrees 21 minutes 40 seconds East, 
94.79 feet to a point of beginning of the herein described tract of land; 
thence leaving said point and running along a line parallel with and 94.00 
feet perpendicular distance South of the Southern line of Maryland Plaza, 
South 88 degrees 57 minutes 40 seconds East, 59.83 feet to a point; thence 
leaving said point and running South 1 degrees 02 minutes 20 seconds West, 
98.99 feet to a point; thence leaving said point and running along a line 
parallel with the Northern line of Lindell Boulevard, 100 feet wide, North 
89 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West, 46.97 feet to a point on the Eastern 
line of Singleton as aforementioned; thence along said Eastern line of 
North 6 degrees 21 minutes 40 seconds West, 99.85 feet to the point of 
beginning.


Parcel 5 (Easement):


Easement for the benefit of Parcels No. 1, 3, and 4 herein described for 
the purpose of vehicular and pedestrian access, ingress and egress, 
according to Maryland Avenue Access Easement Agreement dated September 27, 
2011, recorded October 26, 2011, in Book 10262011, Page 67 of the St. Louis 
City Records, over the area described therein as follows:


A tract of land in Block 3882 of the City of St. Louis, Missouri, and 
described as follows: Beginning at a point in the South line of Maryland 
Avenue distant 200 feet 0 inches East of the intersection of said South 
line with the East line of Kingshighway Boulevard; thence Southwardly 
parallel with Kingshighway Boulevard and along the East line of property 
conveyed to Marvin E. Singleton by deed recorded in Book 4189, Page 404, 94 
feet 9-1/2 inches to a point distant 94 feet 0 inches South of the South 
line of Maryland Avenue; thence Eastwardly parallel with Maryland Avenue 
and along the North line of property conveyed to Harvey Imboden by deed 
recorded in Book 6227, Page 294, 62 feet 0-3/8 inches to a point; thence 
Northwardly perpendicular with Maryland Avenue, 39 feet 0 inches to a 
point; thence Westwardly parallel with Maryland Avenue, 25 feet 6 inches to 
a point; thence Northwardly perpendicular with Maryland Avenue, 55 feet 0 
inches to a point in the South line of Maryland Avenue, 48 feet 9 inches to 
the point of beginning and containing 5,003 square feet.


Parcel 6 (Easement):


Easements for the benefits of Parcels No. 1, 3 and 4 herein described, for 
the purpose of construction, use, maintenance, repair and reconstruction of 
driveways and ingress and egress created by instrument designated “Driveway 
Easement Agreement”, dated May 18, 1981 and recorded in Book 271M, Page 64 
on May 21, 1981 over the following described property:


Easement “A”:


A tract of land being part of Block 3882 of the City of St. Louis, 
Missouri, and described as follows: Beginning at a point on the Western 
line of York Avenue, 40 feet wide, at the Northeast corner of property 
conveyed to “220 Television Inc.”, by deed recorded in Book 154M, Page 1091 
of the St. Louis City records, said point being distant North 7 degrees 08 
minutes 40 seconds West, 215.57 feet from the Northern line of Lindell 
Boulevard, 100 feet wide, as measured along the Western line of York 
Avenue; thence leaving said Western street line and running along the 
Northern line of “220 Television Inc.”, North 88 degrees 57 minutes 40 
seconds West, 88.41 feet to a point, said point being on the direct 
Southward prolongation of the Eastern wall of a Concrete Parking Garage; 
thence leaving said point and running along said prolongation, North 1 
degree 06 minutes 00 seconds East, 20.00 feet to a point; thence leaving 
said point and running South 88 degrees 57 minutes 40 seconds East, 85.51 
feet to a point on the Western line of York Avenue, as aforementioned; 
thence along said Western street line South 7 degrees 08 minutes 40 seconds 
East, 20.21 feet to the point of beginning.


Easement “B”:


A tract of land being part of Block 3882 of the City of St. Louis, 
Missouri, and described as follows: Commencing at a point on the Western 
line of York Avenue, 40 feet wide, at the Southeast corner of property 
conveyed to H & M Koplar by deed recorded in Book 207M, Page 206 of the St. 
Louis City records, said point being distant South 7 degrees 08 minutes 40 
seconds East, 94.97 feet from the Southern line of Maryland Plaza, 80 feet 
wide, as measured along the Western line of York Avenue; thence along said 
Western street line South 7 degrees 08 minutes 40 seconds East, 19.00 feet 
to the point of beginning of the herein described tract of land; thence 
continuing along said street line South 7 degrees 08 minutes 40 seconds 
East, 34.00 feet to a point; thence leaving said Western street line and 
running North 75 degrees 38 minutes 39 seconds West, 8.51 feet and North 84 
degrees 43 minutes 40 seconds West 67.74 feet to a point on the Eastern 
wall of a concrete parking garage; thence along said Eastern wall North 1 
degree 06 minutes 00 seconds East, 20.50 feet to a point; thence leaving 
said point and running North 89 degrees 06 minutes 58 seconds East, 59.61 
feet and North 70 degrees 50 minutes 17 seconds East, 12.14 feet to the 
point of beginning.


Parcel 7 (Easement):


Intentionally Deleted.


Parcel 8 (Easement):


Easements for ingress, egress, and placement of mechanical systems and 
storage units created by the Reciprocal Easement Agreement executed by and 
between Chase Park Plaza Hotel, LLC and The Private Residences, LLC dated 
December 1, 2006 and recorded December 8, 2006 in Book 12082006, Page 0382 
and rerecorded December 13, 2006 in Book 12132006, Page 0266, as amended 
and restated pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Reciprocal 
Easements and Covenants Agreement dated November 14, 2007, recorded 
November 16, 2007 in Book 11162007, Page 0327 of the St. Louis City 
Records.



Schedule 2.14(l)


Immediate Repairs



See Attached.



Schedule 2.33


Required Renovations




See Attached.



74    

