 EX-10.3 4 filename4.htm
 
Dated as of __________, 2013
 
MDB Capital Group, LLC
401 Wilshire Boulevard
Santa Monica, California 90401
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
This agreement is being delivered to you in connection with the proposed 
Underwriting Agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) between DvineWave, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and MDB Capital Group, LLC (“
MDB”) relating to a proposed underwritten public offering of shares (the “
Shares”) of the Company’s Common Stock (the “Common Stock”).
 
In order to induce MDB to enter into the Underwriting Agreement, and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agrees that, during the period 
beginning on and including the date of the Underwriting Agreement through 
and including the one year anniversary of the date of the Underwriting 
Agreement (the “Lock-Up Period”), the undersigned, or any affiliated party 
of the undersigned, will not, without the prior written consent of MDB, 
directly or indirectly:
         
(i) 	offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to 
purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right 
or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of any shares 
of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or 
exchangeable for Common Stock, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by 
the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter 
acquires the power of disposition, or
         
(ii) 	enter into any swap or other agreement, arrangement or transaction 
that transfers to another, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any 
of the economic consequence of ownership of any Common Stock or any 
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any Common 
Stock,
 
whether any transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be 
settled by delivery of Common Stock, other securities, in cash or 
otherwise. Moreover, if:
         
(1) 	during the last 17 days of the Lock-Up Period, the Company issues an 
earnings release or material news or a material event relating to the 
Company occurs, or
         
(2) 	prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, the Company announces 
that it will release earnings results during the 16-day period beginning on 
the last day of the Lock-Up Period,
 
the Lock-Up Period shall be extended and the restrictions imposed by this 
agreement shall continue to apply until the expiration of the 18-day period 
beginning on the date of issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence 
of the material news or material event, as the case may be, unless MDB 
waives, in writing, such extension.
 

 

 

 
Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in the immediately preceding 
paragraph, the undersigned may, without the prior written consent of MDB, 
(1) transfer any Common Stock or any securities convertible into or 
exchangeable or exercisable for Common Stock as a bona fide gift or gifts, 
or by will or intestacy, to any member of the immediate family (as defined 
below) of the undersigned or to a trust the beneficiaries of which are 
exclusively the undersigned or members of the undersigned’s immediate 
family or to a charity or educational institution; provided, however, that 
it shall be a condition to the transfer that (A) the transferee executes 
and delivers to MDB not later than one business day prior to such transfer, 
a written agreement, in substantially the form of this agreement and 
otherwise satisfactory in form and substance to MDB, and (B) if the 
undersigned is required to file a report under Section 16(a) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, reporting a reduction in 
beneficial ownership of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or 
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock by the undersigned during the 
Lock-Up Period (as the same may be extended as described above), the 
undersigned shall include a statement in such report to the effect that 
such transfer or distribution is not a transfer for value and that such 
transfer is being made as a gift or by will or intestacy, as the case may 
be or (2) exercise or convert currently outstanding warrants, options and 
convertible debentures, as applicable, and exercise options under an 
acceptable stock option plan, so long as the undersigned agrees that the 
shares of Common Stock received from any such exercise or conversion will 
be subject to this agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, “immediate 
family” shall mean a spouse, child, grandchild or other lineal descendant 
(including by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister of the 
undersigned.
 
The undersigned further agrees that (i) it will not, during the Lock-Up 
Period (as the same may be extended as described above), make any demand 
for or exercise any right with respect to the registration under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”), of any Common Stock or 
any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common 
Stock, and (ii) the Company may, with respect to any Common Stock or any 
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock 
owned or held (of record or beneficially) by the undersigned, cause the 
transfer agent or other registrar to enter stop transfer instructions and 
implement stop transfer procedures with respect to such securities during 
the Lock-Up Period (as the same may be extended as described above).
 
In addition, the undersigned hereby waives any and all notice requirements 
and rights with respect to the registration of any securities pursuant to 
any agreement, instrument, understanding or otherwise, including any 
registration rights agreement or similar agreement, to which the 
undersigned is a party or under which the undersigned is entitled to any 
right or benefit and any tag-along rights or other similar rights to have 
any securities (debt or equity) included in the offering contemplated by 
the Underwriting Agreement or sold in connection with the sale of Common 
Stock pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, provided that such waiver 
shall apply only to the public offering of Common Stock pursuant to the 
Underwriting Agreement and each registration statement filed under the 1933 
Act in connection therewith.
 
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has 
full power and authority to enter into this agreement and that this 
agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the undersigned and is a 
valid and binding agreement of the undersigned. This agreement and all 
authority herein conferred are irrevocable and shall survive the death or 
incapacity of the undersigned and shall be binding upon the heirs, personal 
representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned.
 
[Signature Page Immediately Follows]
 

2

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed and delivered this 
agreement as of the date first set forth above.
 
  	Yours very truly,
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	Print Name: 	 
 
Signature Page — Letter to
MDB Capital Group, LLC
 

 