 EX-10.15 2 d799343dex1015.htm EX-10.15
Exhibit 10.15

CONSENT TO SUBLEASE

THIS CONSENT TO SUBLEASE (this Consent), dated as of September 12, 2014, 
is entered into by and among WLC Three VI, L.L.C., a Delaware limited 
liability company (Landlord), MacLean Power, L.L.C., a Delaware limited 
liability company (Sublandlord), and Aldeyra Therapeutics, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (Subtenant).


W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, Farley White Kilnbrook Three, LLC, a Massachusetts limited 
liability company (Original Landlord), as landlord, and Utility Marketing 
Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation (UMC), as tenant, entered into 
that certain Lease dated as of August 22, 2007 (the Original Lease), as 
amended by that certain First Amendment of Lease dated as of January 23, 
2012 (the First Amendment), with respect to certain premises containing 
approximately 3,736 rentable square feet (the Premises) of space on the 
third (3rd) floor of that certain building located at 131 Hartwell Avenue, 
Lexington, MA 02421 (the Building);

WHEREAS, the Original Lease, as amended by the First Amendment, is referred 
to as the Prime Lease.

WHEREAS, UMC assigned its right, title and interest in, to and under the 
Prime Lease to MacLean Highline, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability 
company (MacLean Highline), pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase 
Agreement dated as of May 7, 2013;

WHEREAS, MacLean Highline assigned its right, title and interest in, to and 
under the Prime Lease to Sublandlord, pursuant to that certain Asset 
Purchase Agreement dated as of May 30, 2013;

WHEREAS, Landlord is the successor in interest to Original Landlord; and

WHEREAS, Sublandlord wishes to sublease the Premises on the terms and 
conditions set forth in that certain sublease (the Sublease) dated as of 
August 27, 2014, by and between Sublandlord and Subtenant, a true, complete 
and correct copy of which Sublease is attached hereto as Exhibit A;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Prime Lease, Sublandlord must obtain 
Landlords prior written consent to the Sublease; and

WHEREAS, Landlord is willing to consent to the Sublease on the terms and 
conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants herein reserved and 
contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and agreed, Landlord, 
Sublandlord and Subtenant hereby agree as follows:
 
  	1. 	Recitals; Capitalized Terms. The foregoing recitals are hereby 
incorporated by reference. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them as set forth in the Prime 
Lease.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	2. 	Consent. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Consent, 
Landlord hereby consents to the subletting of the Premises by Sublandlord 
to Subtenant pursuant to the Sublease.
 
  	3. 	No Rights against Landlord. Sublandlord and Subtenant acknowledge 
and agree that (a) neither the Prime Lease, the Sublease nor this Consent 
shall be deemed, nor are such documents intended, to grant to Subtenant any 
rights whatsoever against Landlord; and (b) the Sublease imposes no 
obligations on Landlord, and in no event shall Landlord be deemed a party 
to the Sublease. Subtenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) its sole 
remedy for any alleged or actual breach of its rights in connection with 
the Sublease shall be solely against Sublandlord; and (ii) Subtenant is not 
a third party beneficiary under the Prime Lease.
 
  	4. 	No Release. This Consent shall not release Sublandlord from any 
existing or future duty, obligation or liability to Landlord pursuant to 
the Prime Lease, nor shall this Consent change, modify or amend the Prime 
Lease in any manner, except insofar as it constitutes Landlords consent to 
the Sublease. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, this Consent 
expressly shall not absolve Sublandlord from any requirement set forth in 
the Prime Lease that Sublandlord obtain Landlords prior written approval 
of any additional subleases, assignments or other dispositions of its 
interest in the Premises or the Prime Lease.
 
  	5. 	

Subordinate to Lease; Attornment. The Sublease shall be subject and 
subordinate at all times to the Prime Lease and all of its provisions, 
covenants and conditions. Sublandlord shall have a license to collect all 
rent under the Sublease; provided, however, that all such rent shall be 
received by Sublandlord in trust to be used for the satisfaction of all 
amounts due under the Prime Lease. Notwithstanding anything in this Consent 
to the contrary, in the event that the Prime Lease is terminated for any 
reason prior to the Termination Date (as such term is defined in the 
Sublease), at Landlords option, Landlord shall elect by written notice 
(the Election Notice) to Subtenant within thirty (30) days after the 
effective date of such termination either (a) to recognize Subtenants 
tenancy in the Premises under the terms and conditions and at the rental 
rate specified in the Sublease, and for the then remaining term of the 
Sublease, effective as of the effective date of such termination, in which 
case Subtenant shall attorn to Landlord and recognize Landlord as 
Subtenants landlord under the Sublease under the terms and conditions and 
at the rental rate specified in the Sublease, and for the then remaining 
term of the Sublease, except that Landlord shall not be bound by any 
provision of the Sublease which in any way increases Landlords duties, 
obligations or liabilities to Subtenant beyond those owed to Sublandlord 
under the Prime Lease (unless Landlord shall have expressly agreed to 
same); or (b) to terminate the Sublease, which termination shall be 
effective sixty (60) days after Subtenant receives written notice from 
Landlord of such Lease (and Sublease) termination (the Early Termination 
Date). If Landlord elects to proceed under Subsection 5(b) above, then 
with respect to the period between the termination of the Prime Lease and 
the Early Termination Date, (i) Subtenants tenancy shall be on the terms 
and conditions and at the rental rate specified in the Sublease, except 
that Landlord shall not be bound by any provision of the Sublease which in 
any way increases Landlords duties, obligations or liabilities to 
Subtenant beyond those owed to Sublandlord under the

 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Prime Lease (unless Landlord shall have expressly agreed to same), and 
(ii) Subtenant shall pay all rent payable by Subtenant under the Sublease 
to Landlord. Subtenant agrees to execute and deliver at any time and from 
time to time, upon the reasonable request of Landlord, any instruments 
which may be necessary or appropriate to evidence such attornment. If 
Landlord elects to proceed under Subsection 5(a) above, Landlord shall not 
(i) be liable to Subtenant for any act, omission or breach of the Sublease 
by Sublandlord, (ii) be subject to any offsets or defenses which Subtenant 
might have against Sublandlord, (iii) be bound by any rent or additional 
rent which Subtenant might have paid more than one (1) month in advance to 
Sublandlord except to the extent such rent or additional rent has been 
turned over to Landlord, or (iv) be bound to honor any rights of Subtenant 
in any security deposit made with Sublandlord except to the extent such 
security deposit has been turned over to Landlord. The liability of 
Landlord to Subtenant for any default by Landlord under this Consent or the 
Sublease after such attornment, or arising in connection with Landlords 
operation, management, leasing, repair, renovation, alteration, or any 
other matter relating to the Building or the Premises, shall be limited to 
the interest of the Landlord in the Building and in the uncollected rents, 
issues and profits thereof.
 
  	6. 	No Breach of Lease. Subtenant hereby acknowledges that it has read 
and has knowledge of all of the terms, provisions, rules and regulations of 
the Prime Lease and agrees not to do or omit to do anything which would 
constitute a breach of the Prime Lease. Any such act or omission shall 
constitute a breach of this Consent and shall entitle Landlord to recover 
any damage, loss, cost, or expense which it thereby suffers, from 
Sublandlord and/or Subtenant.
 
  	7. 	

Sublease Term; Holdover. Notwithstanding any provision of the Prime Lease 
or Sublease to the contrary, Sublandlord and Subtenant agree as follows: 
(a) the term of the Sublease shall expire no later than the Termination 
Date; (b) the term of the Sublease shall not be extended, nor shall 
Subtenant be permitted to continue to occupy any part of the Premises, 
beyond the Termination Date, and Subtenant shall vacate and surrender the 
Premises in the condition required under the Sublease on or before the 
Termination Date, and Sublandlord shall vacate and surrender the Premises 
in the condition as required under the Prime Lease on or before the 
expiration of the Term of the Prime Lease (it being understood that 
Subtenant shall have no obligation to remove or restore with respect to any 
improvements or alterations made to the Premises prior to the Sublease 
Commencement Date nor with respect to the Furniture and Equipment, as 
defined in the Sublease); and (c) if Subtenant breaches the terms of 
Subsection 7(b) above, then (i) Landlord shall have the right (but not the 
obligation), at Sublandlords sole cost and expense, either in the name of 
Sublandlord or Landlord or both, and notwithstanding the fact that the term 
of the Prime Lease may not have expired, to take such legal action as may 
be required to evict Subtenant including, without limitation, the filing of 
a summary process action, and Sublandlord hereby appoints Landlord as its 
attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest, to execute on behalf of 
Sublandlord and file such instruments, and take such other actions as 
Landlord may deem appropriate, in connection with the foregoing, and (ii) 
Sublandlord and Subtenant, jointly and severally, shall indemnify, defend 
with counsel reasonably acceptable to Landlord, and hold Landlord harmless 
from and against any and all costs, expenses, damages, claims, penalties, 
losses and liabilities resulting from such breach by Subtenant. Without

 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 intending to limit the scope of the foregoing indemnification, 
Sublandlord and Subtenant acknowledge that Landlord may incur substantial 
damages as a result of Subtenants breach of the terms of Subsection 7(b) 
above.
 
  	8. 	Transfer of Interest. Subtenant shall not have the right to assign 
its interest in the Sublease or to sublease all or any portion of the 
Premises.
 
  	9. 	No Amendments. Sublandlord and Subtenant may not terminate the 
Sublease nor amend or modify the terms of the Sublease without obtaining 
the prior written consent of Landlord thereto. Any termination, amendment 
or modification in violation hereof shall be void and of no force and 
effect.
 
  	10. 	No Alterations. Subtenant shall not make any alterations, additions 
(including, for the purposes hereof, paint and wall-to-wall carpeting), or 
improvements in or to the Premises (including any improvements necessary 
for Subtenants initial occupancy thereof) without Landlords prior written 
consent in accordance with the terms of the Prime Lease.
 
  	11. 	Indemnification. Sublandlord and Subtenant agree to indemnify and 
hold Landlord harmless from and against any and all loss, cost, expense, 
damage, penalty or liability, including without limitation reasonable 
attorneys fees, incurred as a result of a claim by any person or entity 
(a) that it is entitled to a commission, finders fee or like payment in 
connection with the Sublease; (b) relating to or arising out of the 
Sublease or any related agreements or dealings; (c) relating to or arising 
out of the injury to or death of any person or damage to property, in or 
about the Premises or the Building, except to the extent due to the 
negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord; (d) relating to or arising 
out of the injury to or death of any person or damage to property, to the 
extent caused by the acts or omissions of Sublandlord, Subtenant and/or 
their employees, agents, contractors, guests, licensees or invitees during 
the term of the Sublease; and (e) relating to or arising out of the breach 
by the indemnifying party of any of its covenants hereunder.
 
  	12. 	

Limitation of Landlords Liability. Subtenant covenants and agrees that, to 
the maximum extent permitted by law, all of Subtenants furniture, 
fixtures, equipment and property of every kind, nature and description 
related to or arising out of Subtenants leasehold estate, which may be in 
or about the Premises or the Building, in the public corridors, or on the 
sidewalks, areaways and approaches adjacent thereto shall be at the sole 
risk and hazard of Subtenant, and that if the whole or any part thereof 
shall be damaged, destroyed, stolen or removed from any cause or reason 
whatsoever, no part of said damage or loss shall be charged to, or borne 
by, Landlord, except to the extent such damage or loss is due to the 
negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord. Landlord shall not be liable 
for any injury or damage to persons or property resulting from fire, 
explosion, falling plaster, steam, gas, air contaminants or emissions, 
electricity, electrical or electronic emanations or disturbance, water, 
rain or snow or leaks from any part of the Building or from the pipes, 
appliances, equipment or plumbing works or from the roof, street or 
sub-surface or from any other place or caused by dampness, vandalism, 
malicious mischief or by any other cause of whatever nature, except to the 
extent caused by or due to the negligence or willful misconduct of

 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Landlord, and then, where notice and an opportunity to cure are 
appropriate (i.e., where Subtenant has an opportunity to know or should 
have known of such condition sufficiently in advance of the occurrence of 
any such injury or damage resulting therefrom as would have enabled 
Landlord to prevent such damage or loss had Subtenant notified Landlord of 
such condition) only after (a) notice to Landlord of the condition claimed 
to constitute negligence or willful misconduct, and (b) the expiration of a 
reasonable time after such notice has been received by Landlord without 
Landlord having commenced to take all reasonable and practicable means to 
cure or correct such condition; and pending such cure or correction by 
Landlord, Subtenant shall take all reasonably prudent temporary measures 
and safeguards to prevent any injury, loss or damage to persons or 
property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Landlord be 
liable for any loss which is covered by insurance policies actually carried 
or required to be so carried by this Consent; nor shall Landlord be liable 
for any such damage caused by other tenants or persons in the Building or 
caused by operations in construction of any private, public, or 
quasi-public work; nor shall Landlord be liable for any latent defect in 
the Premises or in the Building. Subtenant shall neither assert nor seek to 
enforce any claim against Landlord other than against Landlords interest 
in the Building and in the uncollected rents, issues and profits thereof, 
and Subtenant agrees to look solely to such interest for the satisfaction 
of any liability of Landlord under this Consent. Subtenant specifically 
agrees that in no event (i) shall any officer, director, trustee, employee 
or representative of Landlord ever be personally liable for any obligation, 
or (ii) shall Landlord be liable for consequential or incidental damages or 
for lost profits.
 
  	13. 	Landlords Costs. Pursuant to Section 6.3(b) (Assignment; Sublease) 
of the Prime Lease, and as a condition to Landlords consent to the 
Sublease, Sublandlord shall deliver to Landlord $1,668.50, concurrently 
with Sublandlords delivery of an executed counterpart hereof, representing 
Landlords reasonable attorneys fees and administrative costs and expenses 
incurred in connection with reviewing the Sublease and drafting this 
Consent.
 
  	14. 	Sublandlords Obligations. Sublandlord acknowledges that during the 
term of the Sublease, Sublandlord shall be jointly and severally liable 
with Subtenant for the Prime Lease obligations applicable to the Premises.
 
  	15. 	Insurance. Subtenant shall, throughout the term of the Sublease, at 
its own expense, keep and maintain in full force and effect the insurance 
required under the Prime Lease and otherwise in accordance with the terms 
thereof. In addition, Subtenant shall name Landlord as an additional 
insured on all liability policies carried by Subtenant. On or before 
accessing the Premises, and thereafter upon Landlords request, Subtenant 
shall submit binders of insurance to Landlord evidencing that the 
requirements of this Section 15 have been met. In the event of any claim, 
and upon Landlords request, Subtenant shall deliver to Landlord complete 
copies of such insurance policies. Section 10.7 of the Prime Lease shall be 
directly applicable as between Landlord and Subtenant as if Subtenant were 
Tenant.
 
  	16. 	

Notices. All notices or other communications hereunder shall be in writing 
and shall be deemed to have been given (a) if delivered by hand, by 
messenger or by an express

 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 delivery service (FedEx, UPS, etc.), then if and when delivered (or if 
delivery is refused, when refused) to the respective parties at the below 
addresses (or at such other address as a party may hereafter designate for 
itself by notice to the other party as required hereby), or (b) if mailed, 
then on the third business day following the date on which such 
communication is deposited in the United States mails, by first class 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, 
and addressed to the respective parties at the below addresses (or at such 
other address as a party may hereafter designate for itself by notice to 
the other party as required hereby). Notice by counsel to a party shall be 
deemed notice from such party.
 
If to Landlord: 	   	WLC THREE VI, L.L.C.
   	c/o Griffith Properties LLC
   	260 Franklin Street, 5th Floor
   	Boston, MA 02110
   	Attention: Marci G. Loeber
   	With copies to:
   	WLC THREE VI, L.L.C.
   	c/o Walton Street Capital LLC
   	900 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 1900
   	Chicago, IL 60611
   	Attention: Howard J. Brody
   	WLC THREE VI, L.L.C.
   	c/o Walton Street Capital LLC
   	900 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 1900
   	Chicago, IL 60611
   	Attention: Douglas J. Welker
   	WLC THREE VI, L.L.C.
   	c/o Walton Street Capital LLC
   	900 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 1900
   	Chicago, IL 60611
   	Attention: Angela R. Lang
If to Sublandlord: 	   	MacLean Power, L.L.C.
   	481 Munn Road, Suite 300
   	Fort Mill, SC 29715
   	Attention: Scott Pearson
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If to Subtenant: 	   	And before the Sublease Commencement Date:
   	Aldeyra Therapeutics, Inc.
   	15 New England Executive Park
   	Burlington, MA 01803
   	Attention: Stephen Tulipano
   	And on or after the Sublease Commencement Date:
   	The Premises
 
  	17. 	Brokers. Except for Lincoln Property Company (Sublandlords Broker
) and Cassidy Turley (Subtenants Broker), each party represents and 
warrants to the other that they have not made any agreement or taken any 
action which may cause anyone to become entitled to a commission as a 
result of the transactions contemplated by this Consent, and each will 
indemnify and defend the other from any and all claims, actual or 
threatened, for compensation by any such third person by reason of such 
partys breach of their representation or warranty contained in this 
Consent. Sublandlord will pay any commission due to the broker(s) hereunder 
pursuant to its separate agreement with the broker(s) hereunder subject to 
execution and delivery of the Sublease by Sublandlord and Subtenant.
 
  	18. 	Prevailing Party. In the event of any litigation between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, the prevailing 
party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees. Reasonable 
attorneys fees shall be as fixed by the court. The prevailing party 
shall be the party which by law is entitled to recover its costs of suit, 
whether or not the action proceeds to final judgment.
 
  	19. 	No Representations. Sublandlord and Subtenant acknowledge and agree 
that neither Landlord nor any of its agents or other representatives have 
made any representations or warranties concerning the Premises, the 
Building, the Sublease or the Prime Lease.
 
  	20. 	Entire Agreement. The parties acknowledge that the Sublease 
constitutes the entire agreement between Sublandlord and Subtenant with 
respect to the subject matter thereof. The agreements contained herein 
constitute the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements, written or oral, 
inconsistent herewith.
 
  	21. 	Conflict. Sublandlord and Subtenant hereby agree that in the event 
of a conflict between this Consent and the Sublease, this Consent shall 
control.
 
  	22. 	Binding Effect. This Consent shall be binding upon and shall inure 
to the benefit of the parties respective successors-in-interest and 
assigns, subject at all times, nevertheless, to all agreements and 
restrictions contained in the Prime Lease, the Sublease, and this Consent.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	23. 	Construction. Every agreement contained in this Consent is, and 
shall be construed as a separate and independent agreement. If any term of 
this Consent or the application thereof to any person or circumstances 
shall be invalid and unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this 
Consent, the application or such term to persons or circumstances other 
than those as to which it is invalid or unenforceable, shall not be 
affected. This Consent shall be created and enforced in accordance with the 
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
 
  	24. 	Effectiveness. This Consent shall not bind Landlord unless and 
until it has been signed by Sublandlord and Subtenant, received and 
accepted by Landlord, and then countersigned and redelivered by Landlord to 
Sublandlord and Subtenant.
 
  	25. 	Counterparts. This Consent may be executed in multiple 
counterparts, all of which, taken together, shall constitute one original 
instrument.

[END OF TEXT; SIGNATURES FOLLOW ON NEXT PAGE.]
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTED as an instrument under seal as of the date first written above.
 
LANDLORD:
WLC THREE VI, L.L.C.,
a Delaware limited liability company
By: 	  	WLC Equity VI, L.L.C.,
  	
a Delaware limited liability company,
its Sole Member
  	By: 	  	WLC-G Holdings VI, L.L.C.,
  	 	  	
a Delaware limited liability company,
its Sole Member
  	 	  	By: 	  	WLC Investors VI, L.L.C.,
  	 	  	 	  	
a Delaware limited liability company,
its Member
  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	Walton REIT Holdings B-VI, L.L.C.,
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
a Delaware limited liability company,
its Sole Member
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	Walton REIT B-VI, L.L.C.,
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
a Delaware limited liability company,
its Managing Member
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	Walton Street Real Estate Fund VI-Q, L.P.,
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
a Delaware limited partnership,
its Managing Member
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	Walton Street Managers VI, L.P.,
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
a Delaware limited partnership,
its General Partner
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	WSC Managers VI, Inc.,
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
a Delaware corporation,
its General Partner
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	 [LOGO]
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	

 

  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	Laura Weidaw
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	

 

  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	VP
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	

 

  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Hereunto duly authorized

[COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE TO CONSENT]
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUBLANDLORD:
MACLEAN POWER, L.L.C.,
a Delaware limited liability company
By: 	  	 [LOGO]
  	

 

Name: 	  	Scott Pearson
  	

 

Title: 	  	Director of Business Development
  	

 

  	Hereunto duly authorized
SUBTENANT:
ALDEYRA THERAPEUTICS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation
By: 	  	 [LOGO]
  	

 

Name: 	  	Stephen Tulipano
  	

 

Title: 	  	CFO
  	

 

  	Hereunto duly authorized

[COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE TO CONSENT]
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

SUBLEASE

(ATTACHED)