 EX-10.1 2 exhibit101subscriptionagre.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
EXHIBIT 10.1


    
                               




 
 
 
 
 

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT


by and between


CHENIERE ENERGY, INC.


and


RRJ CAPITAL II LTD


relating to convertible PIK notes of


Cheniere Energy, Inc.



Dated
November 10, 2014


 
 
 
 
 




------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

CHENIERE ENERGY, INC.


SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT


Recitals


THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THERE ARE FURTHER 
RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN.


THE PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND SHOULD BE 
CONSIDERED ONLY BY PERSONS WHO CAN BEAR THE RISK OF THE LOSS OF THEIR 
ENTIRE INVESTMENT.


This Subscription Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated and effective as of 
November 10, 2014, by and between Cheniere Energy, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”) and RRJ Capital II Ltd, a limited liability 
company incorporated in the Cayman Islands (the “Purchaser”).


The Purchaser has agreed to purchase, and the Company has agreed to issue, 
convertible PIK notes of the Company (the “Notes”) in the aggregate amount 
of US$1,000,000,000 to be evidenced by a Note issued to the Purchaser in 
substantially the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A. Proceeds of 
the Note are to be used (a) in the development, construction, operation, 
maintenance and ownership of facilities in San Patricio County and Nueces 
County in the vicinity of Portland, Texas, on the La Quinta Channel in the 
Corpus Christi Bay, (b) the development, construction, operation, 
maintenance and ownership of a gas pipeline and related facilities designed 
to transport feed and fuel gas and (c) general corporate purposes.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and for other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is 
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:


Agreement


1.Definitions.  The following terms have the meanings set forth in this 
Section 1, when used in this Agreement:


      1.1
“Affiliate” means the same in this Agreement as that term is defined in 
Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
      1.2
“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
      1.3
“Annex” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10.
      1.4
“Bloomberg” means Bloomberg Financial Markets.
      1.5
“Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Company or, with 
respect to any action to be taken by the Board of Directors, any committee 
of the Board of Directors duly authorized to take such action.
      1.6
“Business Day” means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on 
which commercial banks in The City of New York or the Republic of Singapore 
are authorized or required by law to remain closed.
      1.7
“Closing” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.
      1.8
“Closing Price” means, for any security as of any date, the closing price 
for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if 
the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading 
market for such security, the closing price of such security on the 
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is 
listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg. If the Closing Price cannot be 
calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing 
bases, the Closing Price of such security on such date shall be the fair 
market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Purchaser. If 
the Company and the Purchaser are unable to agree upon the fair market 
value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to 
Section 19 of the Note. All such determinations to be appropriately 
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other 
similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

2
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

      1.9
“Common Stock” means the Company’s common stock, par value US$0.003 per 
share, or any other class of stock resulting from successive changes or 
reclassifications of such Common Stock.
      1.10
“Company” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
      1.11
“Convertible Note Documents” means this Agreement and the Notes.
      1.12
“Effectiveness Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.1.
      1.13
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
      1.14
“Exchange Notes” means 2014 Unsecured PIK Convertible Notes due 2021 of the 
Company, identical in all material respects to the Notes, except for 
references to restrictive legends and transfer restrictions relating to the 
Notes.
      1.15
“Exchange Offer Deadline” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.1.
      1.16
“Exchange Offer” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.
      1.17
“Exchange Offer Registration Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 
6.1.1.
      1.18
“Exchange Offer Registration Statement” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 6.1.1.
      1.19
“Exchange Shares” means the shares of common stock to be issued upon an 
exchange of each Note.
      1.20
“Filing Deadline” means the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days 
after the Closing.
      1.21
“Initial Permitted Transferee” means Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited, 
and any of its Affiliates.
      1.22
“Holder” means (i) initially, the Purchaser and (ii) any holder who is 
transferred all or any part of the Note by the Purchaser pursuant to 
Section 8.2.
      1.23
“Indenture” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.
      1.24
“Material Adverse Effect” means any circumstance or condition affecting the 
business, properties, assets, operations or financial condition of the 
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that, individually or in 
the aggregate, would materially adversely affect the authority or ability 
of the Company to perform its payment obligations under the Convertible 
Note Documents.
      1.25
“Note” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
      1.26
“OFAC” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10.
      1.27
“Patriot Act” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10.
      1.28
“Person” means an individual or legal entity, including but not limited to 
a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, 
a trust, an unincorporated organization and a government or any department 
or agency thereof.
      1.29
“Principal Market” means NYSE MKT LLC.
      1.30
“Purchase Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.
      1.31
“Purchaser” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
      1.32
“QIB” means a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A.
      1.33
“Registrable Securities” means (i) the Notes, (ii) the shares of Common 
Stock issued or issuable in exchange for principal under the Note (the 
“Exchange Shares”) and (iii) upon original issuance thereof, any shares of 
capital stock issued or issuable with respect to the Exchange Shares as a 
result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or 
similar event or otherwise, issued to or held by the Purchaser.

3
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

      1.34
“Registration Statement” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.
      1.35
“Regulation D” means Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.
      1.36
“Regulation S” means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.
      1.37
“Rule 144A” means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.
      1.38
“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
      1.39
“SEC Documents” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.6.
      1.40
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
      1.41
“Suspension Event” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.1.
      1.42
“Suspension Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.2.
      1.43
 “Trading Day” means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the 
Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading 
market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or 
securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded; provided that 
“Trading Day” shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is 
scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or 
any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final 
hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market 
does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange 
or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time).
      1.44
“Trustee” means the trustee under the Indenture and, if existent, the 
trustee under any indenture governing the Exchange Notes.
2.Subscription and Issuance of Notes.


      2.1
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, on the date of 
Closing referred to in Section 3 hereof, the Purchaser shall purchase from 
the Company, and the Company shall sell and issue to the Purchaser 
US$1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes for a purchase 
price (the “Purchase Price”) of US$1,000,000,000. The Purchaser 
acknowledges that the Notes will be subject to restrictions on transfer as 
set forth in this Agreement.
      2.2
Subject to the terms and conditions described in the Note, the Notes shall 
be convertible into shares of Common Stock at the conversion price provided 
in Section 3(b) of the Note. On the date of Closing, the initial conversion 
price shall be calculated as one hundred thirty percent (130%) of the 
Closing Price on November 10, 2014.
3.    Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated herein (the 
“Closing”) shall take place on November 28, 2014. The Closing shall take 
place at the offices of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, counsel for the Company, 
125 Broad Street, New York, New York 10004 or such other location as 
determined by the Company. At the Closing, the Purchaser shall remit 
payment of the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available 
funds or other means approved by the Company at or prior to the Closing and 
the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser the Note bearing an appropriate 
legend referring to the fact that the Notes were sold in reliance upon an 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.


4.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby 
represents and warrants to the Purchaser as follows:


      4.1
Organization and Qualification. The Company is incorporated and validly 
existing as a corporation and in good standing under the laws of the State 
of Delaware, and has the requisite power and authority (corporate or other) 
to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.  
The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and 
is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of 
property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such 
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or be 
in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect. 

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

      4.2
Subsidiaries. Each subsidiary of the Company has been duly formed and is 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation, with the requisite power and authority (corporate or other) 
to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. 
Each subsidiary of the Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation 
to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its 
ownership of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes 
such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified 
or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.
      4.3
Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite power 
and authority (corporate or other) to enter into and perform its 
obligations under the Convertible Note Documents and to issue the Exchange 
Shares in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Note Documents.  The 
execution and delivery of the Convertible Note Documents by the Company and 
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the 
Convertible Note Documents (including the issue of the Exchange Shares) 
have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors and no further filing, 
consent or authorization is required by the Company, its Board of Directors 
or its stockholders.  The Convertible Note Documents have been duly 
executed and delivered by the Company, and constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in 
accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may 
be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws 
relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable 
creditors’ rights and remedies.
      4.4
Issuance of Notes. The Exchange Shares have been duly reserved for 
issuance, are duly authorized and form part of the authorized equity 
capitalization of the Company and, upon issuance in accordance with the 
terms hereof, will be validly issued and free from all preemptive or 
similar rights, taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof 
and the Exchange Shares will be fully paid and nonassessable with the 
holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock.  
Assuming the accuracy of each of the Purchaser’s representations and 
warranties set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement, the offer and issuance 
by the Company of the Note and the Exchange Shares are exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act and will be issued in compliance with 
all applicable federal and state securities laws.
      4.5
No Conflicts.  The execution, delivery and performance of the Convertible 
Note Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (a) result in a 
violation of any certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, 
any certificate of designations or other constituent documents of the 
Company, any capital stock of the Company or bylaws of the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries; (b) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an 
event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) 
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration 
or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party; or (c) result in a violation 
of any applicable law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree, 
including without limitation, federal and state securities laws and 
regulations and the rules and regulations of any national securities 
exchange applicable to the Company or its subsidiaries or by which any 
property or asset of the Company or its subsidiaries is bound or affected, 
except in the cases of clauses (b) and (c) such as would not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
      4.6
Absence of Existing Defaults and Conflicts. Except as otherwise disclosed 
in the SEC Documents (including documents furnished to the SEC), neither 
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of its respective 
charter or by-laws or in default (or with the giving of notice or the lapse 
of time would be in default) under any existing obligation, agreement, 
covenant or condition contained in any indenture, loan agreement, mortgage, 
lease or other agreement or instrument to which any of them is a party or 
by which any of them is bound or to which any of the properties of any of 
them is subject, except such violations or defaults that would not 
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a 
Material Adverse Effect.
      4.7
Consents.  Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties set 
forth in Section 5 of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its 
subsidiaries is required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, 
or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency or 
any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for 
it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under or 
contemplated by the Convertible Note Documents, in each case in accordance 
with the terms hereof or thereof, other than (a) any consent, authorization 
or order that has been obtained as of the date hereof; (b) any filing or 
registration that has been made as of the date hereof; (c) any filings 
which may be required

5
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

            to be made by the Company with the SEC, state securities
            administrators or the Principal Market, subsequent to the
            Closing; and (d) such consents, authorizations, orders,
            registrations or actions the failure of which to obtain or make
            would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
            Effect. 


      4.8
No General Solicitation.  Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries, 
or to the Company’s knowledge, any of its or their Affiliates, nor any 
Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general 
solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in 
connection with the offer or sale of the Notes. 
      4.9
No Integrated Offering.  Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, or 
any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any 
offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any 
security, under circumstances that would require registration of the 
issuance of any of the Notes under the Securities Act, whether through 
integration with prior offerings or otherwise, or cause this offering of 
the Notes to require approval of stockholders of the Company for purposes 
of any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without 
limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated 
quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company are listed 
or designated.  Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, or any 
Person acting on their behalf, will take any action or steps referred to in 
the preceding sentence that would require registration of the issuance of 
any of the Notes under the Securities Act.
      4.10
SEC Documents; Financial Statements.  During the two (2) years prior to the 
date hereof, the Company has timely filed all appropriate SEC Documents.  
As of their respective filing dates, the SEC Documents complied in all 
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules 
and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC 
Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with 
the SEC (solely to the extent any information contained in such SEC 
Documents has not been amended, modified, supplemented, corrected, 
rescinded or otherwise withdrawn in subsequent material filed by the 
Company with the SEC), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary 
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances 
under which they were made, not misleading.  As of their respective filing 
dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC 
Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable 
accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC 
with respect thereto.  Such financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently 
applied, during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise 
indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto; or (b) in the 
case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude 
footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in 
all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates 
thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods 
then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal 
year-end audit adjustments and to the extent that such unaudited statements 
exclude footnotes). 
      4.11
Material Adverse Change.  Since December 31, 2013, other than as disclosed 
in the SEC Documents, (a) there has been no material adverse change and no 
material adverse development, or event involving a prospective material 
adverse change in the business, properties, operations or financial 
condition of the Company or its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) the 
Company has not paid or declared any dividends or other distributions with 
respect to its capital stock; (c) there has not been any change in the 
capital stock of the Company other than grants, exercises, terminations, or 
forfeitures of securities under the Company’s equity or compensation plans.
      4.12
No Undisclosed Events or Circumstances. Except for the Note pursuant to 
this Agreement, since December 31, 2013, no event or circumstance has 
occurred or exists with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
or their respective businesses, properties, operations or financial 
condition, that, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public 
disclosure or announcement prior to the date hereof by the Company but 
which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed in the SEC Documents.
      4.13
Internal Accounting and Disclosure Controls.  The Company and its 
subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient 
to provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are executed in 
accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations; (b) 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and 
to maintain asset and liability accountability; (c) access to assets or 
incurrence of liabilities is permitted only in accordance with management’s 
general or specific authorization; and (d) the recorded accountability for 
assets and liabilities is compared with the existing assets and liabilities 
at reasonable intervals and appropriate

6
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

            action is taken with respect to any difference.  The Company
            and its subsidiaries maintain disclosure controls and
            procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15 under the
            Exchange Act) that are effective at the reasonable assurance
            level to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
            the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the
            Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
            within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the
            SEC, including, without limitation, controls and procedures
            designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
            the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the
            Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s
            management, including its principal executive officer or
            officers and its principal financial officer or officers, as
            appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
            disclosure. The Company has not publicly disclosed or reported
            to its Board of Directors or any internal committee formed as
            part of its disclosure controls and procedures, and the Company
            does not reasonably expect to publicly disclose or report to
            its Board of Directors or any internal committee formed as part
            of its disclosure controls and procedures, a significant
            deficiency, material weakness, change in internal controls, or
            fraud involving management or other employees who have a
            significant role in the Company’s disclosure controls and
            procedures, any violation of, or failure to comply with, the
            Securities Act and/or the Exchange Act, or any such matter
            which, if determined adversely, would have a Material Adverse
            Effect.


      4.14
No Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, 
to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or 
other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or its 
subsidiaries has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful 
contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to 
political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to 
any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate 
funds; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; or (iv) made any bribe, rebate, 
payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment.
      4.15
Compliance with OFAC.  None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries, any 
director, officer agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by 
OFAC; and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of 
the Notes, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to 
any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the 
purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any 
U.S. sanctions by OFAC.
5.Representations and Warranties of Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby 
represents and warrants to the Company as follows:


      5.1
Acquisition for Own Account.   The Purchaser is acquiring the Note for such 
Purchaser’s own account for investment purposes only, and does not intend 
to distribute the Note or Exchange Shares.  The Purchaser has not solicited 
offers for, or offered or sold, and will not solicit offers for, or offer 
or sell, the Note or the Exchange Shares by means of any form of general 
solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(a) of 
Regulation D or in any manner involving a public offering within the 
meaning of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.    
      5.2
Status. 
            5.2.1
The Purchaser either (i) is (A) an “accredited investor” within the meaning 
of Rule 501 of Regulation D, (B) a QIB, (C) aware that the sale of the 
Notes (together with any Exchange Shares issuable upon conversion of the 
Notes, the “Securities”) to it is being made in reliance on a private 
placement exemption from registration under the Securities Act and (D) 
acquiring the Securities for its own account or for the account of a QIB, 
or (ii) is not a U.S. person and is purchasing the Notes in an offshore 
transaction all in accordance with Regulation S.
            5.2.2
The Purchaser understands and agrees that the Securities are being offered 
in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of 
the Securities Act, that such Securities have not been and, except in the 
sole discretion of the Company or as otherwise provided herein, will not be 
registered under the Securities Act and that such Securities may be 
offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only pursuant to a 
registration statement or pursuant to an exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act and any applicable U.S. state securities laws, and that 
it will notify any subsequent purchaser of Securities from it of the resale 
restrictions referred to above, as applicable.

7
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

            5.2.3
The Purchaser agrees with the Company that, to the extent it desires to 
resell any of the Notes, it will solicit offers for the Notes from, and 
will offer the Notes only to, (1) the Initial Permitted Transferee; and/or 
(2) (i) in the United States to Persons whom such Purchaser reasonably 
believes to be QIBs or, if any such Person is buying for one or more 
institutional accounts for which such Person is acting as fiduciary or 
agent, only when such Person has represented to such Purchaser that each 
such account is a QIB, to whom notice has been given that such sale or 
delivery is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and, in each case, in 
transactions under Rule 144A and otherwise in compliance with this 
Agreement including the transfer restrictions contained herein, (ii) 
outside of the United States in an offshore transaction in accordance with 
Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iii) pursuant to an 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 
thereunder (if available), or (iv) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each of cases (i) through (iv) in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States.
            5.2.4
It understands that, unless sold pursuant to a registration statement that 
has been declared effective under the Securities Act or in compliance with 
Rule 144, the Company may require that the Securities will bear a legend or 
other restriction substantially to the effect set forth in the form of Note 
set out in Exhibit A to this Agreement (it being agreed that if the 
Securities are not certificated, other appropriate restrictions shall be 
implemented to give effect thereto).
            5.2.5
The Purchaser:
                  (a)
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to 
be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its prospective investment 
in the Securities; and
                  (b)
has the ability to bear the economic risks of its prospective investment 
and can afford the complete loss of such investment.
            5.2.6
The Purchaser acknowledges that (i) it has conducted its own investigation 
of the Company and the terms of the Securities, (i) it has had access to 
the Company’s public filings with the SEC (the “SEC Documents”) and to such 
financial and other information as it deems necessary to make its decision 
to purchase the Securities, and (iii) it has been offered the opportunity 
to ask questions of the Company and received answers thereto, as it deemed 
necessary in connection with the decision to purchase the Securities.
            5.2.7
The Purchaser understands that the Company will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing representations, acknowledgements and agreements 
in Section 5 and agrees that if any of the representations and 
acknowledgements therein deemed to have been made by it by its purchase of 
the Securities is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Company.
      5.3
Organization and Standing. The Purchaser is a corporation or other entity 
duly incorporated or formed, validly existing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation.
      5.4
Authorization. The Purchaser has the full power and authority to enter into 
this Agreement, and (assuming due execution by the Company) the Agreement 
constitutes its valid and legally binding obligation, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms.
      5.5
Compliance with Securities Laws. The Purchaser will comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in effect in any jurisdiction in 
which the Purchaser purchases or sells Notes and obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required for such purchases or sales under the laws 
and regulations of any jurisdiction to which the Purchaser is subject or in 
which the Purchaser makes such purchases or sales, and the Company shall 
have no responsibility therefor.
      5.6
Consultation With Own Attorney. The Purchaser has been advised to consult 
with its own attorney and other financial and tax advisers regarding all 
legal matters concerning an investment in the Company, and has done so, to 
the extent such Purchaser considers necessary.
      5.7
Tax Consequences. The Purchaser acknowledges that the tax consequences of 
investing in the Company will depend on particular circumstances, and 
neither the Company, the Company’s officers, any other investors, nor the 
partners, shareholders, members, managers, agents, officers, directors, 
employees, affiliates or

8
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

            consultants of any of them, will be responsible or liable for
            the tax consequences to the Purchaser of an investment in the
            Company.


      5.8
Tax Forms. Purchaser shall deliver to Company the relevant IRS Form W-8 or 
W-9, and such form will be true and correct as of the Closing Date.
      5.9
Legends.  The Purchaser understands that the certificates evidencing its 
Notes may bear a legend substantially similar to the following, and other 
legends as may be determined by the Company upon consultation with its 
legal counsel:
            “NEITHER THIS 2014 UNSECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE (THIS “NOTE”) NOR
            THE SHARES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN
            REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
            AMENDED (THE “1933 ACT”), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
            THIS NOTE AND THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH IT IS CONVERTIBLE MAY
            NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR PLEDGED
            (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
            UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION
            OF COUNSEL, IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY,
            THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS
            SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF
            THE US PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT.”


      5.10
Patriot Act. All capitalized words and phrases and all defined terms used 
in the USA Patriot Act of 2001, 107 Public Law 56 (October 26, 2001) and in 
other statutes and all orders, rules and regulations of the United States 
government and its various executive departments, agencies and offices 
related to the subject matter of the Patriot Act, including Executive Order 
13224 effective September 24, 2001 (collectively referred to as the 
“Patriot Act”) are incorporated into this Section. The Purchaser and each 
and every Person affiliated with such Purchaser is: (i) not a “blocked” 
person listed in the Annex to Executive Order Nos. 12947, 13099 and 13224 
and all modifications thereto or thereof (the “Annex”); (ii) in full 
compliance with the requirements of the Patriot Act and all other 
requirements contained in the rules and regulations of the Office of 
Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury (“OFAC”); (iii) not in 
receipt of any notice from the Secretary of State or the Attorney General 
of the United States or any other department, agency or office of the 
United States claiming a violation or possible violation of the Patriot 
Act; and (iv) not listed as a Specially Designated Terrorist or as a 
“blocked” person on any lists maintained by the OFAC pursuant to the 
Patriot Act or any other list of terrorists or terrorist organizations 
maintained pursuant to any of the rules and regulations of the OFAC issued 
pursuant to the Patriot Act or on any other list of terrorists or terrorist 
organizations maintained pursuant to the Patriot Act.
6.Exchange Offer or Resale Shelf.


      6.1
Exchange Offer. As soon as reasonably practicable, the Company shall seek 
approval from the SEC to permit the Company to register with the SEC a 
proposed offer (the “Exchange Offer”) to Holders, who would not otherwise 
be prohibited by any law or policy of the SEC from participating in the 
Exchange Offer, in exchange for the Notes, a like principal amount of 
Exchange Notes under the Securities Act. If permitted by applicable law and 
approved by the SEC, then the Company shall use its reasonable commercial 
efforts to register the Exchange Offer under the Securities Act and 
consummate the Exchange Offer as follows:
            6.1.1
 The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to, at its own cost (i) 
prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement (the “Exchange Offer 
Registration Statement”) on an appropriate form under the Securities Act, 
with respect to the Exchange Offer, (ii) cause such Exchange Offer 
Registration Statement to become effective under the Securities Act, (iii) 
issue on or prior to the first anniversary of the Closing (or if such date 
is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) (the “Exchange 
Offer Deadline”), Exchange Notes in exchange for all Notes validly tendered 
prior thereto in the Exchange Offer and (iv) maintain the effectiveness of 
the Exchange Offer Registration Statement for a period of not less than 
thirty (30) days (or longer, if required by applicable law) after the date 
notice of the Exchange Offer is mailed to the Holders (such period being 
called the “Exchange Offer Registration Period”). The Exchange Offer shall 
not be subject to any conditions, other than that the Exchange Offer does 
not violate applicable law or any applicable interpretation of the staff of 
the SEC.

9
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

            6.1.2
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep the Exchange 
Offer Registration Statement effective and to amend and supplement the 
prospectus contained therein, in order to permit such prospectus to be 
lawfully delivered by all persons subject to the prospectus delivery 
requirements of the Securities Act for such period of time as such persons 
must comply with such requirements in order to resell the Exchange Notes.
            6.1.3
As soon as practicable after the declaration of the effectiveness of the 
Exchange Offer Registration Statement, the Company shall commence the 
Exchange Offer, it being the objective of such Exchange Offer to enable 
each Holder of Notes electing to exchange the Notes for Exchange Notes 
(assuming that such Holder is not an affiliate of the Company within the 
meaning of the Securities Act, acquires the Exchange Notes in the ordinary 
course of such Holder’s business and has no arrangements with any person to 
participate in the distribution of the Exchange Notes and is not prohibited 
by any law or policy of the SEC from participating in the Exchange Offer) 
to trade such Exchange Notes from and after their receipt without any 
limitations or restrictions under the Securities Act and without material 
restrictions under the securities laws of the several states of the United 
States of America.
            6.1.4
If the Company effects the Exchange Offer, the Company will be entitled to 
close the Exchange Offer thirty (30) days after the commencement thereof, 
provided that the Company has accepted all the Notes theretofore validly 
tendered in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Offer.
            6.1.5
Interest on each Exchange Note will accrue from the last interest payment 
due date on which interest was paid on the Notes surrendered in exchange 
therefor.
            6.1.6
The Company may require each Holder as a condition to participation in the 
Exchange Offer to represent (i) that any Exchange Notes received by it will 
be acquired in the ordinary course of its business, (ii) that at the time 
of the commencement and consummation of the Exchange Offer such Holder has 
not entered into any arrangement or understanding with any Person to 
participate in the distribution (within the meaning of the Securities Act) 
of the Exchange Notes in violation of the provisions of the Securities Act, 
(iii) that if such Holder is an “affiliate” of the Company within the 
meaning of Rule 405 of the Securities Act, it will comply with the 
registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act to 
the extent applicable to it, (iv) if such Holder is not a broker-dealer, 
that it is not engaged in, and does not intend to engage in, the 
distribution of the Notes and (v) if such Holder is a broker-dealer, that 
it will deliver a Prospectus in connection with any resale of the Exchange 
Notes.
            6.1.7
In connection with the Exchange Offer, the Company shall:
                  (a)
mail, or cause to be mailed, to each Holder a copy of the prospectus 
forming part of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, together with an 
appropriate letter of transmittal and any related documents;
                  (b)
keep the Exchange Offer open for not less than thirty (30) days (or longer, 
if required by applicable law) after the date notice thereof is mailed to 
the Holders;
                  (c)
utilize the services of a depositary for the Exchange Offer with an address 
in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, which may be the Trustee 
or an affiliate of the Trustee;
                  (d)
permit Holders to withdraw tendered Notes at any time prior to the close of 
business, New York Time, on the last Business Day on which the Exchange 
Offer shall remain open; and
                  (e)
otherwise comply in all material respects with all applicable laws.
            6.1.8
As soon as practicable after the close of the Exchange Offer, the Company 
shall:
                  (a)
accept for exchange all the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn 
pursuant to the Exchange Offer;
                  (b)
deliver to the Trustee for cancellation all the Notes so accepted for 
exchange; and

10
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

                  (c)
cause the Trustee to authenticate and deliver promptly to each Holder 
tendering such Notes, Exchange Notes equal in principal amount to the Notes 
of such Holder so accepted for exchange.
            6.1.9
The Exchange Notes shall be issued under, and entitled to the benefits of, 
the Indenture or a trust indenture that is identical to the Indenture 
(other than such changes as are necessary to comply with any requirements 
of the SEC to effect or maintain the qualifications thereof under the TIA), 
which will provide that the Exchange Notes will not be subject to the 
transfer restrictions set forth in the Indenture and that the Exchange 
Notes and all Notes not exchanged in the Exchange Offer, if any, will be 
deemed one class of security and entitled to consent together on all 
matters as one class.
            6.1.10
Notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, the Company will ensure that 
(i) any Exchange Offer Registration Statement and any amendment thereto and 
any prospectus forming part thereof and any supplement thereto complies in 
all material respects with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations 
thereunder, (ii) any Exchange Offer Registration Statement and any 
amendment thereto does not, when it becomes effective, contain an untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to 
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading and (iii) any prospectus forming part of any Exchange Offer 
Registration Statement, and any supplement to such prospectus, does not 
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the 
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading.
      6.2
Resale Shelf. If the SEC does not approve registration of the Exchange 
Offer or an Exchange Offer would not be permitted by applicable laws, the 
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prepare, and no later than 
the Filing Deadline, to file with the SEC a registration statement covering 
the resale of all unregistered Registrable Securities then issued or 
issuable with respect to the amounts paid under the Note as of the date the 
Registration Statement is initially filed with the SEC. The registration 
statement so filed will be either (i) an automatic registration statement 
on Form S-3, (ii) an amendment to the Company’s existing automatic 
registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-181190), as amended, filed 
with the SEC on May 7, 2012, or (iii) a registration statement on such 
other form for registration of the Registrable Securities under the 
Securities Act (each of (i), (ii) and (iii) above, a “Registration 
Statement”). In the case such registration statement is not automatically 
effective pursuant to Rule 463(e) promulgated under the Securities Act, the 
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have such Registration 
Statement declared effective by the SEC as promptly as practicable.
            6.2.1
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Registration 
Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act under the 
Securities Act until the earlier of the date when all Registrable 
Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold 
pursuant to the Registration Statement or Rule 144 or (ii) such time as the 
Company reasonably determines that the Registrable Securities may be sold 
without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, as 
determined by legal counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion 
letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Company’s transfer 
agent and the Purchaser (the “Effectiveness Period”). The Registration 
Statement filed or amended pursuant to this Section 6 may include other 
securities of the Company.
            6.2.2
If the Company is a WKSI at the time of the filing of the Registration 
Statement, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to remain a 
WKSI and not become an ineligible issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the 
Securities Act) during the Effectiveness Period.
      6.3
Registration Procedures.
            6.3.1
The Company shall keep the Purchaser advised in writing as to the 
initiation of such registration under this Section 6 and as to the 
completion thereof. In addition, subject to Section 6.2 above, the Company 
shall, to the extent applicable to the Registration Statement:
                  (a)
prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to the 
Registration Statement as may be necessary or appropriate to keep such 
registration continuously effective and free from any material misstatement 
or omission necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the 
circumstances, not misleading, and comply with

11
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

                        provisions of the Securities Act with respect to
                        the disposition of all securities covered thereby
                        during the Effectiveness Period;


                  (b)
update, correct, amend and supplement the Registration Statement as 
necessary;
                  (c)
notify the Holders promptly when the Registration Statement is declared 
effective by the SEC (unless such Registration Statement is automatically 
effective upon filing), and furnish such number of prospectuses, including 
preliminary prospectuses, and other documents incident thereto as any 
Holder may reasonably request from time to time;
                  (d)
use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify such 
Registrable Securities under such other securities or blue sky laws of such 
jurisdictions of the United States where an exemption is not available and 
as any Holder may reasonably request to enable it to consummate the 
disposition in such jurisdiction of the Registrable Securities (provided 
that the Company will not be required to (i) qualify generally to do 
business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to 
qualify but for this provision or (ii) consent to general service of 
process in any such jurisdiction, or (iii) subject itself to taxation in 
any jurisdiction where it is not already subject to taxation); 
                  (e)
notify each Holder at any time when a prospectus relating to the 
Registrable Securities is required to be delivered under the Securities 
Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus 
included in the Registration Statement contains an untrue statement of a 
material fact or omits any fact necessary to make the statements therein 
not misleading and, subject to Section 6.5, the Company will prepare a 
supplement or amendment to such prospectus, so that, as thereafter 
delivered to purchasers of such shares, such prospectus will not contain 
any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state any fact 
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances 
under which they were made, not misleading;
                  (f)
cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities 
exchange on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed 
and obtain all necessary approvals for trading thereon;
                  (g)
provide a transfer agent and registrar for all such Registrable Securities 
not later than the effective date of the Registration Statement;
                  (h)
upon the sale of any Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration 
Statement, direct the transfer agent to remove all restrictive legends from 
all certificates or other instruments evidencing the Registrable 
Securities; and
                  (i)
to advise the Holder promptly after it has received notice or obtained 
knowledge of the existence of any stop order by the SEC delaying or 
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of the 
initiation or threat of any proceeding for that purpose, and to make every 
commercially reasonable effort to obtain the withdrawal of any order 
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement at the earliest 
possible time.
            6.3.2
Notwithstanding anything stated or implied to the contrary in Section 6.3.1
 above, the Company shall not be required to consent to any underwritten 
offering of the Registrable Securities or to any specific underwriter 
participating in any underwritten public offering of the Registrable 
Securities.
            6.3.3
The Purchaser agrees that upon receipt of any notice from the Company of 
the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 6.3.1(e), and 
subject to Section 6.4, such Holder will forthwith discontinue such 
Holder’s disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to the registration 
statement relating to such Registrable Securities until such Holder’s 
receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus 
contemplated by Section 6.3.1(e) and, if so directed by the Company, will 
deliver to the Company at the Company’s expense all copies, other than 
permanent file copies, then in such Holder’s possession, of the prospectus 
relating to such Registrable Securities current at the time of receipt of 
such notice.

12
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

            6.3.4
Except as required by law, all expenses incurred by the Company in 
complying with this Section 6.3, including but not limited to, all 
registration, qualification and filing fees, printing expenses, fees and 
disbursements of counsel and accountants for the Company, blue sky fees and 
expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel related to all blue 
sky matters) incurred in connection with any registration, qualification or 
compliance pursuant to this Section 6.3 shall be borne by the Company. All 
underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to a sale 
incurred in connection with any registration of Registrable Securities and 
the legal fees and other expenses of a Holder shall be borne by such 
Holder.
      6.4
Right of Suspension.
            6.4.1
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any related 
agreement to the contrary, the Company shall have the right, at any time, 
to suspend the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and offers and 
sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant thereto whenever, in the good 
faith judgment of the Company, (i) there exists a material development or a 
potential material development with respect to or involving the Company 
that the Company would be obligated to disclose in the prospectus used in 
connection with the Registration Statement, which disclosure, in the good 
faith judgment of the Company, after considering the advice of counsel, 
would be premature or otherwise inadvisable at such time or (ii) the 
Registration Statement or related prospectus or any document incorporated 
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference contains an untrue 
statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to 
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of 
the circumstances, not misleading, including without limitation that period 
annually during which any Registration Statement would require suspension 
pending the Company’s new fiscal year financial statements (each, a 
“Suspension Event”). In the event that the Company shall determine to so 
suspend the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and offers and 
sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant thereto, the Company shall, in 
addition to performing those acts required to be performed under the 
Securities Act and/or the Exchange Act or deemed advisable by the Company, 
deliver to each Holder written notice thereof, signed by any officer of the 
Company. Upon receipt of such notice, the Holders shall discontinue 
disposition of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration 
Statement and prospectus until such Holders (i) are advised in writing by 
the Company that the use of the Registration Statement and prospectus (and 
offers and sales thereunder) may be resumed, (ii) have received copies of a 
supplemental or amended prospectus, if applicable, and (iii) have received 
copies of any additional or supplemental filings which are incorporated or 
deemed to be incorporated by reference into such prospectus. The Company 
will exercise its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the use of the 
Registration Statement and prospectus may be resumed as quickly as 
practicable.
            6.4.2
The Company’s right to suspend the effectiveness of the Registration 
Statement and the offers and sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant 
thereto, as described above in this Section 6.4 shall be for a period of 
time (the “Suspension Period”) beginning on the date of the occurrence of 
the Suspension Event and expiring on the earlier to occur of the date on 
which the Suspension Event ceases. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Company shall be able to suspend the effectiveness of the Registration 
Statement and offers and sales of the Registrable Securities for any time 
period as may reasonably be required in order to update the Registration 
Statement to replace financial information which is no longer current, as 
required by applicable securities law. The Company will exercise its 
reasonable best efforts to ensure that the use of the Registration 
Statement and prospectus may be resumed as quickly as practicable.
      6.5
Transfer of Securities. If the Purchaser transfers all or a part of the 
Note purchased by it pursuant to Section 8.2, the Company will effect such 
transfer of restricted certificates and, if applicable, will promptly amend 
or supplement the prospectus forming a part of the Registration Statement 
to add the transferee to the selling stockholders in the Registration 
Statement; provided that the transferor and transferee shall be required to 
provide the Company such information regarding themselves as the Company 
may reasonably request and as shall be required in connection with any 
registration (or amendment or supplement thereto), referred to in this 
Agreement.
      6.6
No Registration Statement. In the event that neither (i) an Exchange Offer 
Registration Statement nor (ii) a Registration Statement has become 
effective by the Exchange Offer Deadline, upon the request of any Holder 
that has held the Notes or the shares of Common Stock issued upon 
conversion thereof for at least one year

13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

            since the issuance of the Notes, the Company shall take all
            steps necessary to promptly effect the removal of the legend
            described in Section 5.9 from such Notes or shares of Common
            Stock, as applicable, and the Company shall bear all costs
            associated therewith, regardless of whether the request is made
            in connection with a sale or otherwise, so long as such Holder
            provides to the Company any information the Company deems
            reasonably necessary to determine that the legend is no longer
            required under the Securities Act or applicable state laws in
            the opinion of counsel to the extent the Company reasonably
            determines such opinion is necessary, including (if there is no
            such registration statement) a certification that the holder is
            not an Affiliate of the Company and regarding the length of
            time the Notes or shares or Common Stock, as applicable, have
            been held. Assuming the Notes or Common Stock, as applicable,
            have been held for greater than one year since the issuance of
            the Notes and , whether held in certificated form or in book
            entry with the transfer agent, the Company agrees that upon
            request, it shall cooperate with the Purchasers to ensure that
            the Notes or the shares of Common Stock, as applicable, are
            moved to such Purchaser’s DTC brokerage account according to
            the instructions provided by such Purchaser.


7.Conditions to Closing. The obligations of the Purchaser to purchase and 
pay for the principal amount of Notes and of the Company to sell the Notes 
are subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of the following 
conditions precedent:


      7.1
The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 4 
hereof and of the Purchaser contained in Section 5 hereof shall be true and 
correct as of the Closing in all respects with the same effect as though 
such representations and warranties had been made as of the Closing.
      7.2
Concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall have entered into an 
indenture (in a form agreed between the parties) (the “Indenture”) pursuant 
to which the Notes will be issued, and such Indenture shall be in full 
force and effect.
8.Miscellaneous.


      8.1
Survival of Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company 
and the Purchaser contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall 
survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement for a period of twelve 
(12) months after the date of Closing provided, however, that nothing 
herein shall relieve any party from liability for the willful breach of any 
of its representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement.
      8.2
Assignment of Notes. The Purchaser shall be entitled to transfer all or a 
part of its Notes purchased by it to:
            8.2.1
 the Initial Permitted Transferee, provided that the Initial Permitted 
Transferee agrees in writing to be subject to the terms of this Agreement 
as if it were a Purchaser hereunder. Upon completion of any transfer of 
Notes to the Initial Permitted Transferee, the Purchaser shall notify the 
Company in writing of such transfer and, so far as it is able to do so, 
shall procure that the Initial Permitted Transferee shall deliver evidence 
in writing of its agreement to be subject to the terms of this Agreement as 
if it were a Purchaser hereunder; and
            8.2.2
 one or more affiliated partnerships or funds managed by it or any of their 
respective directors, officers or partners, subject to the prior written 
consent of the Company for the first twelve (12) months following the 
Closing and provided that any such transferee agrees in writing to be 
subject to the terms of this Agreement as if it were a Purchaser hereunder,
provided, in each case, that any such transfer shall be effected in full 
compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, 
including, but not limited to, the Securities Act and the rules of the SEC 
promulgated thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, following the date that 
is twelve (12) months from the Closing there shall be no restrictions on 
the transfer of all or part of the Notes by the Purchaser.


      8.3
Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding 
upon, the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties. 
Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon 
any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and 
assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under, or by 
reason of, this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.
      8.4
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the 
construction, validity, interpretation and performance of

14
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

            this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the
            State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law
            or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of
            New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the
            application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the
            State of New York. The Company hereby submits to the exclusive
            jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the
            Borough of Manhattan in New York City for the adjudication of
            any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
            transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby
            waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
            proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
            jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or
            proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the
            venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing
            contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
            to serve process in any manner permitted by law. In the event
            that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or
            unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then
            such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that
            it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
            conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
            which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
            not affect the validity or enforceability of any other
            provision of this Agreement. Nothing contained herein shall be
            deemed or operate to preclude the Purchaser from bringing suit
            or taking other legal action against the Company in any other
            jurisdiction to collect on the Company’s obligations to the
            Purchaser, to realize on any collateral or any other security
            for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court
            ruling in favor of the Purchaser.


      8.5
Counterparts and Facsimile Signatures. This Agreement may be executed 
manually or by facsimile or electronic signature and in one or more 
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement 
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed 
by each of the parties and delivered to the other party, it being 
understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.
      8.6
Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are 
used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or 
interpreting this Agreement.
      8.7
Notices. Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices, requests, 
waivers and other communications made pursuant to this Agreement shall be 
in writing and shall be conclusively deemed to have been duly given (a) 
when hand delivered to the other party, (b) when received by facsimile at 
the address and number for such party set forth below, or (c) the next 
Business Day after deposit with a national overnight delivery service, 
postage prepaid, addressed to the parties as set forth below, with next 
Business Day delivery guaranteed. A party may change or supplement its 
addresses for the purposes of receiving notice pursuant to this Section 8.7 
by giving the other parties written notice of the new address in the manner 
set forth above.
            8.7.1
If to the Company, to the Company at the following address:

                       Cheniere Energy, Inc.
                       700 Milam Street, Suite 800
                       Houston, Texas
                       Attention: Chief Financial Officer
                       Fax No.: (713) 375-6000
                       Phone No.: (713) 375-5000

                       With a copy to:

                       Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
                       125 Broad Street
                       New York, NY 10004
                       Attention: John E. Estes
                       Fax No.: (212) 291-9049
                       Phone No.: (212) 558-3316



            8.7.2
If to the Purchaser, to the Purchaser at the following address:
                       RRJ Capital II Ltd
                       c/o RRJ Management (HK) Limited
                       802-804 Man Yee Building, 68 Des

15
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

                       Voeux Road, Central, Hong Kong Attention: Richard
                       Ong
                       Fax No.: (852) 2185 7498 / 2185 7040
                       Phone No.: (852) 3915-6222
                       In each case with a copy to: RRJ Management (S) Pte.
                       Ltd.
                       298 Tiong Bahru Road
                       #13-01 Central Plaza
                       Singapore 168730
                       Main line: (65) 6513 1680
                       Fax: (65) 6276 8167
                       Email: RRJ_Finance@rrjcap.com



            8.7.3
If to Marvell Assets Limited, to the Purchaser at the addresses specified 
in section 8.7.2 above and to Marvell Assets Limited at the following 
address:

                       Marvell Assets Limited
                       c/o RRJ Management (HK) Limited
                       802-804 Man Yee Building, 68 Des
                       Voeux Road, Central, Hong Kong
                       Attention: Richard Ong
                       Fax No.: (852) 2185 7498 / 2185 7040
                       Phone No.: (852) 3915-6222




            8.7.4
If to Preston Asset Holding Ltd, to the Purchaser at the addresses 
specified in section 8.7.2 above and to Preston Asset Holding Ltd. at the 
following address:

                       Preston Asset Holding Ltd.
                       c/o RRJ Management (HK) Limited
                       802-804 Man Yee Building, 68 Des
                       Voeux Road, Central, Hong Kong
                       Attention: Richard Ong
                       Fax No.: (852) 2185 7498 / 2185 7040
                       Phone No.: (852) 3915-6222



      8.8
Finder’s Fee. Each party represents that it neither is nor will be 
obligated for any brokers’ fee, finders’ fee or similar compensation in 
connection with this transaction.
      8.9
Expenses. The Purchaser and the Company shall bear its own fees and 
expenses in connection with this transaction.
      8.10
Amendments and Waivers. Neither this Agreement nor any provisions hereof 
shall be modified, changed, discharged or terminated except by an 
instrument in writing, signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, 
discharge or termination is sought.
      8.11
Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be 
unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from 
this Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if 
such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with 
its terms.
      8.12
Further Assurances. The Company and the Purchaser shall take all further 
actions and execute and deliver all further documents that are reasonably 
required to effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

16
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

      8.13
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents referred to herein 
constitute the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto 
and supersede all prior and contemporaneous negotiations and agreements 
between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, whether oral or 
written.
      8.14
Publicity. Except as may be required by applicable law, including federal 
securities laws, none of the parties hereto shall issue a publicity release 
or announcement or otherwise make a public disclosure concerning this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, without prior approval 
by the other parties hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company 
shall be entitled to issue press release(s) regarding such transactions 
upon the Closing.
      8.15
Independent Counsel. The Purchaser confirms that either he or it has 
consulted with separate legal counsel or has determined of his or its free 
will not to obtain such separate representation. The Purchaser acknowledges 
that legal counsel for the Company has not represented such Purchaser in 
connection with this Agreement, the Notes, or the transactions contemplated 
hereby or thereby.
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



17
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first above written.


“COMPANY”
 
“PURCHASER”
CHENIERE ENERGY, INC.
 
RRJ CAPITAL II LTD
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Michael J. Wortley
 
By:
/s/ Richard T. Ong
 
Name:
Michael J. Wortley
 
 
Name:
Richard T. Ong
 
Title:
Senior Vice President and
 
 
Title:
Director
 
 
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



------------------------------------------------------------------------



Exhibit A


NEITHER THIS 2014 UNSECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE (THIS “NOTE”) NOR THE SHARES 
INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “1933 ACT”), OR APPLICABLE 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS NOTE AND THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH IT IS 
CONVERTIBLE MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR 
PLEDGED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A 
FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT 
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 
144A OR TO PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE US PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER SAID 
ACT.


FORM OF 2014 UNSECURED PIK CONVERTIBLE NOTE


Original Principal Amount: US$1,000,000,000
Issuance Date: November 28, 2014

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Cheniere Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “
Company”), hereby promises to pay to the order of RRJ Capital II Ltd or its 
registered assigns (the “Holder”) (i) the amount set out above as the 
Original Principal Amount (as such amount may be (i) increased pursuant to 
the payment of any PIK Interest (as defined below), or (ii) reduced 
pursuant to any conversion effected in accordance with the terms hereof or 
otherwise, the balance of such amount from time to time being the “
outstanding Principal balance”) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date 
(as defined below), acceleration, or otherwise (in each case in accordance 
with the terms hereof). The Company further promises to pay interest on any 
outstanding Principal from time to time, in the manner and at the interest 
rates specified in Section 2 hereof. This 2014 Unsecured PIK Convertible 
Note (including all 2014 Unsecured PIK Convertible Notes issued (i) in 
payment of PIK Interest under Section 2(b) and (ii) in exchange, transfer 
or replacement hereof) (the “Note” and, where the context requires, 
collectively, the “Notes”), is issued pursuant to the Subscription 
Agreement (as defined below) on the Issuance Date. Certain capitalized 
terms used herein are defined in Section 24. Capitalized terms used but not 
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription 
Agreement.


1.PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL.


(a)Provided there is no Default and the Holder has not elected either the 
Fundamental Change Option pursuant to Section 4 or the Dividend 
Recapitalization Option pursuant to Section 5, the entire unpaid Principal 
balance of the Note (together with any accrued and unpaid Interest thereon 
in respect of the period commencing on the last Interest Payment Due Date 
prior to the Maturity Date, and ending on the Maturity Date) will be due 
and payable on the Maturity Date. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall 
pay to the Holder an amount representing the entire outstanding Principal 
balance of the Note (together with any accrued and unpaid Interest) in (i) 
cash or (ii) at the election of the Holder, shares of common stock, par 
value US$0.003 per share (the “Common Stock”) of the Company. If the Holder 
delivers a written notice to the Company on or before the Maturity Date 
requesting that payment of the entire outstanding Principal balance of the 
Note (together with any accrued and unpaid Interest) be made in Common 
Stock, the Company shall convert the Conversion Amount (as defined below) 
due on the Maturity Date into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common 
Stock at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). If the Holder makes an 
election as described in this Section 1(a), the Company shall be entitled 
to (i) deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder, (ii) pay the Holder an 
amount in cash equal to the market price (or, if no such market price 
exists, the fair market value) (as determined in good faith by the Board of 
Directors, whose good faith determination shall be conclusive and described 
in a resolution of the Board of Directors) (as to any securities or other 
property, the “Fair Market Value”) of the Common Stock on the Maturity 
Date, or (iii) any combination thereof.


(b)The “Maturity Date” shall be May 28, 2021.


2.INTEREST; INTEREST RATE.




------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

(a)During the term of this Note, Interest shall accrue on the outstanding 
Principal balance of the Note at an interest rate of 4.875% per annum, 
commencing on the Issuance Date, payable semi-annually in arrears on each 
June 30 and December 31, commencing December 31, 2014 (each, an “Interest 
Payment Due Date”), in the form of additional Notes in denominations 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest dollar, and on the other terms herein 
except for the issuance date) of One Dollar (US$1.00) and integral 
multiples thereof (“PIK Interest”), in an aggregate amount equal to the 
amount of Interest that would be payable on this Note, if such Interest 
were paid in cash. Any such additional Notes shall accrue Interest at the 
interest rate set forth above.


(b)On each Interest Payment Due Date, the Company shall issue and deliver 
the additional Notes representing the amount of the PIK Interest to the 
Holder entitled to such payment of PIK Interest or, upon notice to the 
Holder, in lieu of delivering physical additional Notes, the Company shall 
make a record on its books of the additional Notes so issued without 
delivering physical Notes to the Holder.


(c)  Interest hereunder will be paid to the Holder or its assignee in whose 
name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding 
registration and transfers of Notes. All Interest will be computed on the 
basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.


3.CONVERSION OF NOTES. This Note shall be convertible by the Holder into 
shares of the Company’s Common Stock on the terms and conditions set forth 
in this Section 3.


(a)Conversion Right. Provided that the Closing Sale Price of the Common 
Stock is greater than or equal to the Conversion Price (as defined below) 
on the Conversion Date (as defined below), the Holder shall be entitled to 
convert, at the Holder’s sole option, any portion of the outstanding and 
unpaid Conversion Amount (as defined below) into fully paid and 
nonassessable shares of Common Stock, at the Conversion Rate (as defined 
below). The Company shall not issue any fractional shares of Common Stock 
upon any conversion. If the Holder elects to convert its Note into Common 
Stock as described in this Section 3(a), the Company shall be entitled to 
(i) deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder, (ii) pay the Holder an 
amount in cash equal to the market value of the shares calculated using the 
Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Conversion Date, or (iii) any 
combination thereof. If the issuance of Common Stock would result in the 
issuance of a fractional share of Common Stock, the Company shall pay a 
cash adjustment in respect of such fractional share in an amount equal to 
the same fraction of the Closing Sale Price on the Conversion Date. The 
Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes that may be 
payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon 
conversion of any Conversion Amount; provided that the Company shall not be 
required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any issuance of 
Common Stock to any Person other than the converting Holder or with respect 
to any income tax due by the Holder with respect to such Common Stock and 
the Company shall not be required to make any such issuance or delivery 
unless and until the Person otherwise entitled to such issuance or delivery 
has paid to the Company the amount of any such tax or has established, to 
the satisfaction of the Company, that such tax has been paid or is not 
payable.


(b)Conversion Rate. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of any Conversion Amount shall be determined by dividing (x) 
such Conversion Amount by (y) the then applicable Conversion Price (the “
Conversion Rate”).


(i)“Conversion Amount” means the sum of (A) the portion of the outstanding 
Principal balance of the Note to be converted, with respect to which this 
determination is being made, and (B) any accrued and unpaid Interest on the 
outstanding Principal balance of the Note as at the Conversion Date, if 
any.


(ii)“Conversion Price” initially means US$93.64, subject to adjustment from 
time to time as set forth herein.


(c)Mechanics of Conversion.


(i)Optional Conversion. With effect only from the date that is one (1) year 
following the Closing Date, the Holder may convert any Conversion Amount 
into shares of Common Stock on any



2
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

date (a “Conversion Date”) by (A) transmitting by facsimile (or otherwise 
deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York Time, on such 
date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit I (the “Conversion Notice”) to the Company and (B) 
surrendering this Note to a reputable common carrier for delivery to the 
Company as soon as practicable on or following such date (or an 
indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note in the case of its 
loss, theft or destruction). On or before the third (3rd) Trading Day 
following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, the Company shall 
transmit by facsimile a confirmation of receipt of such Conversion Notice 
to the Holder and the Company’s transfer agent (the “Transfer Agent”). If 
this Note is physically surrendered for conversion and the outstanding 
Principal balance of this Note (together with any accrued and unpaid 
Interest) is greater than the Conversion Amount being converted, then the 
Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) 
Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and 
deliver to the holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 14(d)) 
representing the outstanding Principal balance of the Note not converted. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any accrued and unpaid Interest on the 
outstanding Principal balance of the Note not converted shall remain 
outstanding and payable at the next Interest Payment Due Date. The Person 
or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a 
conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record 
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date. In 
the event of a partial conversion of this Note pursuant hereto, the 
Conversion Amount converted shall be deducted from the aggregate amount of 
the outstanding Principal balance of the Note and any accrued and unpaid 
Interest thereon for the purposes of calculating future Interest payments 
due on the Note pursuant to Section 2 following such partial conversion.


(ii)Delivery of Certificates. On or before the third (3rd) Trading Day 
following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice or request for removal 
of restrictive legends on the shares of Common Stock issuable in connection 
therewith, the Company shall (i) provided that the Transfer Agent is 
participating in the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) Fast Automated 
Securities Transfer Program, credit such aggregate number of shares of 
Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holder’s or its 
designee’s balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent 
Commission system or (ii) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the 
DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver to the 
address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in 
the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common 
Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled. To the extent that Exchange 
Shares are represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such 
form or forms as shall be approved by the Board of Directors. Such 
certificate shall be issued in consecutive order and shall be numbered in 
the order of their issue, and shall be signed by the Chairman, the 
President or any Vice President and the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, 
the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer. Any or all of the signatures on a 
certificate may be a facsimile. In the event any such officer who has 
signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate 
shall have ceased to hold such office or to be employed by the Company 
before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the 
Company with the same effect as if such officer had held such office on the 
date of issue.


4.OPTIONAL REPAYMENT UPON FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE. If a Fundamental Change 
occurs, the Company shall deliver to the Holder a Fundamental Change Notice 
no less than ten (10) days prior to the Fundamental Change Effective Date. 
The Holder will have a one-time option to put all of the Note (if then 
outstanding) to the Company in exchange for (i) if the consideration 
received for the transaction or transactions is at least 10% cash (or 
non-capital stock), the payment in cash of an amount equal to one hundred 
and twenty-five percent (125%) of the entire outstanding Principal balance 
of the Note and accrued and unpaid Interest thereon; or (ii) if at least 
90% of the consideration received for the transaction or transactions is in 
the form of capital stock, the payment in cash of an amount equal to one 
hundred percent (100%) of the entire Principal balance of the Note and 
accrued and unpaid Interest thereon, in each case payable within five (5) 
business days following the Fundamental Change Effective Date (the “
Fundamental Change Option”). If the Holder does not elect the Fundamental 
Change Option in connection with the Fundamental Change, the provisions of 
Section 6(h) shall apply.


5.OPTIONAL REPAYMENT UPON A DIVIDEND RECAPITALIZATION. If a Dividend 
Recapitalization occurs, the Company shall deliver to the Holder a Dividend 
Recapitalization Notice no less than ten (10) days prior to the Dividend 
Recapitalization Effective Date. If, following a Dividend Recapitalization 
of the Company, the Ninety-Day VWAP falls below US$30, the Holder will have 
a one-time option to put all of the Note (if then outstanding) to the 
Company in exchange for the payment in cash of the entire outstanding 
Principal balance



3
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

of the Note and accrued and unpaid Interest thereon, payable within five 
(5) business days following the Dividend Recapitalization Effective Date 
(the “Dividend Recapitalization Option”).


6.ADJUSTMENT OF CONVERSION PRICE.


(a)In case the Company shall pay or make a dividend or other distribution 
on any class of capital stock of the Company payable in Common Stock, the 
Conversion Price in effect at the opening of business on the day following 
the date fixed for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive 
such dividend or other distribution shall be reduced by multiplying such 
Conversion Price by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number 
of shares of Common Stock outstanding at the close of business on the date 
fixed for such determination and the denominator shall be the sum of such 
number of shares and the total number of shares constituting such dividend 
or other distribution, such reduction to become effective immediately after 
the opening of business on the day following the date fixed for such 
determination. (For the purposes of determining adjustments to the 
Conversion Price as set forth herein, shares of Common Stock held in the 
treasury of the Company, and distributions or issuances in respect thereof 
shall be disregarded).


(b)In case the Company shall issue rights or warrants to all or 
substantially all holders of its Common Stock entitling them, for a period 
of not more than forty-five (45) days, to subscribe for or purchase shares 
of Common Stock at a price per share less than the Current Market Price on 
the date fixed for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive 
such rights or warrants, the Conversion Price in effect at the opening of 
business on the day following the date fixed for such determination shall 
be reduced by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction of which the 
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at the 
close of business on the date fixed for such determination plus the number 
of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate of the offering price of the 
total number of shares of Common Stock so offered for subscription or 
purchase would purchase at such Current Market Price and the denominator 
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at the close of 
business on the date fixed for such determination plus the number of shares 
of Common Stock so offered for subscription or purchase, such reduction to 
become effective immediately after the opening of business on the day 
following the date fixed for such termination. In case any rights or 
warrants referred to in this paragraph in respect of which an adjustment 
shall have been made shall expire unexercised, the Conversion Price shall 
be readjusted at the time of such expiration to the Conversion Price that 
would then be in effect if no adjustment had been made on account of the 
distribution or issuance of such expired rights or warrants.


(c)In case outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided into a 
greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect at 
the opening of business on the day following the day upon which such 
subdivision becomes effective shall be proportionately reduced, and 
conversely, in case outstanding shares of Common Stock shall each be 
combined into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion 
Price in effect at the opening of business on the day following the day 
upon which such combination becomes effective shall be proportionately 
increased, such reduction or increase, as the case may be, to become 
effective immediately after the opening of business on the day following 
the day upon which such subdivision or combination becomes effective.


(d)In case the Company shall, by dividend or otherwise, distribute to all 
or substantially all holders of its Common Stock evidences of indebtedness, 
shares of capital stock of any class or series, other securities, cash or 
assets, Common Stock, rights or warrants referred to in Section 6(b) and 
other than pursuant to a Fundamental Change or a dividend or distribution 
payable exclusively in cash), the Conversion Price in effect immediately 
prior to the close of business on the date fixed for the payment of such 
distribution shall be reduced by multiplying such Conversion Price by a 
fraction of which the numerator shall be the Current Market Price on the 
date fixed for such payment less the then Fair Market Value of the portion 
of such evidences of indebtedness, shares of capital stock, other 
securities, cash and assets distributed per share of Common Stock and the 
denominator shall be such Current Market Price, such reduction to become 
effective immediately prior to the opening of business on the day following 
the date fixed for such payment. In case the Company shall, by dividend or 
otherwise, distribute to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock 
shares of any capital stock of, or other equity interest in, any subsidiary 
or other business unit of the Company (a “Spin Off”) and, immediately after 
such distribution, such capital stock or other equity interest is 
registered under the Exchange Act and listed and publicly traded on a 
national



4
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

securities exchange registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act, then 
the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business 
on the date fixed for such distribution shall be reduced by multiplying 
such Conversion Price by a fraction of which the numerator shall be (i) the 
Current Market Price on the date fixed for such distribution less (ii) the 
average of the Closing Prices of the amount of such capital stock or other 
equity interests distributed per share of Common Stock on such exchange 
during the first ten days of such public trading immediately following and 
including the effective date of the Spin Off and the denominator shall be 
the Current Market Price on the date fixed for such distribution.


(e)In case the Company shall, by dividend or otherwise, make a distribution 
to all or substantially all holders of its Common Stock payable exclusively 
in cash (other than pursuant to a Fundamental Change) in an aggregate 
amount that, when combined with the aggregate amount paid in respect of all 
other distributions to all or substantially all holders of its Common Stock 
paid exclusively in cash within the twelve (12) months preceding the date 
fixed for the payment of such distribution to the extent such amount has 
not already been applied in a prior adjustment pursuant to this paragraph, 
exceeds nine percent (9%) of the product of the Current Market Price on the 
date fixed for such payment times the number of shares of Common Stock on 
which such distribution is paid (such excess being herein referred to as 
the “Excess Distribution Amount”), the Conversion Price in effect 
immediately prior to the close of business on the date fixed for such 
payment shall be reduced by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction 
of which the numerator shall be the Adjusted Current Market Price on the 
date fixed for such payment less the Per Share Excess Distribution Amount 
paid in such distribution and the denominator shall be such Adjusted 
Current Market Price, such reduction to become effective immediately prior 
to the opening of business on the day following the date fixed for such 
payment.


(f)In case the Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall consummate a 
tender or exchange offer for all or any portion of the Common Stock, the 
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on 
the date of expiration of such tender or exchange offer shall be reduced by 
multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction of which the numerator 
shall be the Current Market Price on such date of expiration less the Per 
Share Premium Amount (as hereinafter defined) paid in such tender or 
exchange offer and the denominator shall be such Current Market Price, such 
reduction to become effective immediately prior to the opening of business 
on the day following such date of expiration.


(g)In case the Company shall, by dividend or otherwise, make a distribution 
referred to in Section 6(d) or 6(e), the Holder converting this Note (or 
any portion of the outstanding Principal balance of this Note (together 
with any accrued and unpaid Interest thereon)) subsequent to the close of 
business on the date fixed for the determination of stockholders entitled 
to receive such distribution and prior to the effectiveness of the 
Conversion Price adjustment in respect of such distribution shall also be 
entitled to receive, for each share of Common Stock into which this Note 
(or portion of the outstanding Principal balance of this Note (together 
with any accrued and unpaid Interest thereon) being converted), the portion 
of the evidences of indebtedness, shares of capital stock, other 
securities, cash and assets so distributed applicable to one share of 
Common Stock; provided, however, that, at the election of the Company 
(whose election shall be evidenced by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors) with respect to all holders so converting, the Company may, in 
lieu of distributing to such holder any portion or all of such evidences of 
indebtedness, shares of capital stock, other securities, cash and assets to 
which such holder is entitled as set forth above, (i) pay such holder an 
amount in cash equal to the Fair Market Value thereof or (ii) distribute to 
such holder a due bill therefor, provided that such due bill (A) meets any 
applicable requirements of the principal national securities exchange or 
other market on which the Common Stock is then traded and (B) requires 
payment or delivery of such evidences of indebtedness, shares of capital 
stock, other securities, cash or assets no later than the date of payment 
thereof to holders of shares of Common Stock receiving such distribution.


(h)In the event of any reclassification of outstanding shares of Common 
Stock (other than a change in par value, or from par value to no par value, 
or from no par value to par value), or in the event of any Fundamental 
Change, and provided in the case of a Fundamental Change that the Holder 
does not elect the Fundamental Change Option pursuant to Section 4, each 
Note then outstanding shall, without the consent of any Holder of Notes, 
become convertible in accordance with this Agreement, only into the kind 
and amount of securities (of the Company or another issuer), cash and other 
property receivable upon such reclassification or Fundamental Change by a 
holder of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Note could 
have been converted



5
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

immediately prior to such reclassification or Fundamental Change, after 
giving effect to any adjustment event. The provisions of this Section 6(h) 
and any equivalent thereof in any such securities similarly shall apply to 
successive reclassifications or Fundamental Changes. The provisions of this 
Section 6(h) and Section 4 shall be the sole rights of Holders of Notes in 
connection with any reclassification or Fundamental Change and such Holders 
shall have no separate vote thereon.


(i)The Company may not engage in any transaction if, as a result thereof, 
the Conversion Price would be reduced to below the par value per share of 
the Common Stock.


(j)No adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be required unless such 
adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least one tenth of 
one percent (0.1%) in the Conversion Price; provided, however, that any 
adjustments which by reason of this Section 6(j) are not required to be 
made shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent 
adjustment.


7.DEFAULT. Subject to the terms of Section 8, the Holder may terminate all 
of the Holder’s obligations under the Note and the Subscription Agreement, 
accelerate each applicable Note and declare such Note to be due and payable 
if any of the following events of default (a “Default”) occur and have not 
been waived in writing by the Holder:


(a)Nonpayment of Principal. The Company fails to pay when due any amount of 
the outstanding Principal balance of the Note; or


(b)Nonpayment of Interest. The Company fails to pay any installment of 
Interest on the Note when due and payable; or


(c)Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty made to 
the Holder in the Subscription Agreement proves to be false or erroneous in 
any material respect when made; or


(d)Bankruptcy. The institution of bankruptcy, reorganization, readjustment 
of any debt, liquidation or receivership proceedings by or against the 
Company occurs under Title 11 of the United States Code entitled 
“Bankruptcy”, as amended, or any part thereof, or under any other laws, 
whether state or federal, for the relief of debtors, now or hereafter 
existing which is not dismissed within ninety (90) days of the institution 
thereof; or


(e)Insolvency. Any admission by the Company that the Company is unable to 
pay its debts as such debts mature or an assignment for the benefit of the 
creditors of the Company; or


(f)Judgment. Entry by any court of a final judgment in an amount in excess 
of US$250,000,000.00 against the Company which is not discharged or stayed 
within ninety (90) days thereof; or


(g)Receivership. The appointment of a receiver or trustee for the Company; 
or


(h)Acceleration of Other Debt. The acceleration of the maturity of any 
indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company owing to any other Person in 
an amount in excess of US$250,000,000.00, provided however, if the 
documents evidencing the accelerated indebtedness do not provide for a cure 
period prior to acceleration and the Company causes the acceleration to be 
rescinded within sixty (60) days after the date of acceleration, then the 
event of Default under this Section 7 will be deemed to be cured as a 
result of such rescission of acceleration within such sixty (60) day 
period.


If the Company cures or causes to be cured such Default within sixty (60) 
days after receiving written notice thereof, the parties will be restored 
to their respective rights and obligations under this Agreement as if no 
Default had occurred.



6
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

8.REMEDIES. On the occurrence of an event of Default which has not been 
timely cured as provided in Section 7:


(a)Acceleration of Note. With the approval of the Holders holding a 
majority of the aggregate outstanding Principal balance of the then 
outstanding Notes, a Holder may, at such Holder’s option, declare all Notes 
of, and all sums due to the Holder pursuant to its Notes and/or the 
Subscription Agreement to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the 
same will become forthwith due and payable and the Holder will be entitled 
to proceed to selectively and successively enforce the Holder’s rights 
under the Subscription Agreement or any other instruments delivered to the 
Holder in connection with the Subscription Agreement (including any Notes).


(b)Waiver of Default. The Holder shall, upon execution of an instrument or 
instruments in writing signed by Holders holding a majority of the 
aggregate outstanding Principal balance of the then outstanding Notes, 
waive any Default which has occurred together with any of the consequences 
of such Default and, in such event, the Holder and the Company will be 
restored to their respective former positions, rights and obligations 
hereunder. Any Default so waived will, for all purposes of this Agreement 
with respect to the Holder, be deemed to have been cured and not to be 
continuing, but no such waiver will extend to any subsequent or other 
Default or impair any consequence of such subsequent or other Default.


(c)Cumulative Remedies. No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise 
and no delay in exercising any right hereunder will operate as a waiver 
thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right 
hereunder preclude any other or further right of exercise thereof or the 
exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative 
and not alternative.


9.DEFAULT INTEREST.


(a)Upon the occurrence of an event of Default which has not been timely 
cured during the sixty (60) day cure period as provided in Section 7, 
Interest shall accrue on the amount of the then outstanding Principal 
balance of the Note and any accrued and unpaid Interest thereon at a rate 
equal to the rate of Interest in effect immediately prior to adjustment 
pursuant to this Section 9(a) plus 2% per annum (“Default Interest”) from 
the date on which such event of Default occurred up to the date on which 
that event of Default is remedied by the Company or waived by the Holder 
(or, if earlier, the Maturity Date) as well after as before judgment. 
Default Interest shall be payable in the same form as PIK Interest and will 
accrue daily on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months in 
arrears.


(b)If the Company fails to close the Registered Exchange Offer or to cause 
a Registration Statement to be effective by the date that is one (1) year 
from Closing, Interest shall accrue on the amount of the then outstanding 
Principal balance of the Note and any accrued and unpaid Interest thereon 
(“Registration Default Interest”) at a rate equal to the rate of Interest 
in effect immediately prior to adjustment pursuant to this Section 9(b) 
plus (i) for the first 180 days during which such Registration Default 
Interest is applicable, 0.5% per annum, and (ii) thereafter, 1.0% per 
annum, from the date that is one (1) year from Closing until the date upon 
which such Registered Exchange Offer closes or such Registration Statement 
becomes effective, as applicable, (or, if earlier, the Maturity Date); 
provided that if the Notes are freely tradable and a Registration Statement 
has been declared effective with respect to the shares of Common Stock, the 
Registration Default Interest shall cease to apply. Registration Default 
Interest shall be payable in the same form as PIK Interest and will accrue 
daily on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months in arrears.


10.RESERVATION OF AUTHORIZED SHARES. So long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding, the Company shall take all action necessary to reserve and 
keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock, solely for 
the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Notes, the number of shares 
of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the 
conversion of all of the Notes then outstanding; provided that at no time 
shall the number of shares of Common Stock so reserved be less than the 
number of shares required to be reserved by the previous sentence (without 
regard to any limitations on conversions) (the “Required Reserve Amount”).



7
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

11.VOTING RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of 
this Note, except as required by New York law and as expressly provided in 
this Note.


12.VOTE TO ISSUE, OR CHANGE THE TERMS OF, NOTES. This Note may not be 
amended other than with the written consent of the Holder and the Company.


13.TRANSFER AND RELATED PROVISIONS.


(a)This Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder 
(i) in accordance with Section 8.2 of the Subscription Agreement and (ii) 
subject to the restrictive legends on this Note.


(b)The Company shall maintain and keep updated a register (the “Register”) 
for the recordation of the names and addresses of the holders of each Note 
and the outstanding Principal balance of the Notes held by such holders 
(the “Registered Notes”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and the 
holders of the Notes shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the 
Register as the owner of a Note for all purposes, including, without 
limitation, the right to receive payments of Principal hereunder, 
notwithstanding notice to the contrary. A Registered Note may be assigned 
or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale 
on the Register. Upon its receipt of a satisfactory request to assign or 
sell all or part of any Registered Note by a Holder and the physical 
surrender of this Note to the Company, the Company shall record the 
information contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new 
Registered Notes, the aggregate outstanding Principal balance of which is 
the same as the entire outstanding Principal balance of the surrendered 
Registered Note, to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to 
Section 14.


14.REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE.


(a)Transfer. If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender 
this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and 
deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 
14(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the outstanding 
Principal balance of the Note being transferred by the Holder and, if less 
than the entire outstanding Principal balance of the Note held by the 
Holder is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section 14(d)) 
to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal balance of the Note 
not being transferred. The Holder and any transferee, by acceptance of this 
Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 
13(b) following conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note, the 
outstanding Principal balance represented by this Note may be less than the 
outstanding Principal balance stated on the face of this Note.


(b)Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or 
mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of 
any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary 
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of 
this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note 
(in accordance with Section 14(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.


(c)Note Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is 
exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal 
office of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 
14(d)) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this 
Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such 
outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time of such 
surrender.


(d)Issuance of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new 
Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be of like 
tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of 
such new Note, the remaining outstanding Principal balance (or in the case 
of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 14(a) or Section 14(c), the 
outstanding Principal balance designated by the Holder which, when added to 
the aggregate outstanding Principal balance represented by the other new 
Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the 
remaining outstanding Principal balance under this Note immediately prior 
to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as 
indicated on the face of such new Note, which is



8
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights 
and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid 
Default Interest and Registration Default Interest on the outstanding 
Principal balance of this Note, if any, from the Issuance Date.


15.REMEDIES. No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the 
Holder is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every 
right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and 
in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or 
hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or 
employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not 
prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate 
right or remedy.


16.ENFORCEMENT COSTS. Upon demand therefor, the Company agrees to pay to 
the Holder all costs and fees arising out of enforcing this Note, whether 
incurred in any court action, arbitration, or mediation, on appeal, in any 
bankruptcy (or state receivership or other insolvency or similar 
proceedings or circumstances), in any forfeiture, and for any post-judgment 
collection services (collectively, “Enforcement Costs”).


17.CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted 
by the Company and all the Holders and shall not be construed against any 
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience 
of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, 
this Note.


18.FAILURE OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. The Holder shall not by any act or 
omission be deemed to waive any of its rights or remedies under this Note 
or the Subscription Agreement unless such waiver shall be in writing and 
signed by the Holder, and then only to the extent specifically set forth 
therein.


19.DISPUTE RESOLUTION. In the case of notice from the Holder of a dispute 
as to the determination of the Closing Price or the arithmetic calculation 
of the Conversion Rate, the Company shall submit to the Holder its 
determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile or electronic mail 
within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such notice from the Holder. If 
the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or 
calculation within five (5) Business Days of the expiration of the 
foregoing initial five (5) Business Days, then the Company shall, within 
five (5) Business Days thereafter submit via facsimile or electronic mail 
(a) the disputed determination of the Closing Price to an independent, 
reputable investment bank (which is ranked in the top twenty (20) 
investment banks nationally, by revenue) selected by the Company and 
approved by the Holder, or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the 
Conversion Rate to the Company’s independent, outside accountant (which is 
ranked in the top twenty (20) accounting firms nationally, by revenue). The 
Company, at the Company’s expense, shall cause the investment bank, or the 
accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or 
calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later 
than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed 
determinations or calculations. Such investment bank’s, or accountant’s 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, shall be binding upon all 
parties absent demonstrable error. The procedures required by this Section 
19 are collectively referred to herein as the “Dispute Resolution 
Procedures.”


20.NOTICES AND PAYMENTS.


(a)Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless 
otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with 
Section 8.7 of the Subscription Agreement. The Company shall provide the 
Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this 
Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the 
reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon any 
adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and 
certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least twenty 
(20) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes 
a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common 
Stock, (B) with respect to any pro rata subscription offer to holders of 
Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any 
Fundamental Change, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that 
such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in 
conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.


(b)Payments. Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to 
any Person



9
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the 
United States of America by a check drawn on the account of the Company and 
sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as 
previously provided to the Company in writing (which address, in the case 
of the Holder, shall initially be as set forth in Section 8.7 of the 
Subscription Agreement); provided that the Holder may elect to receive a 
payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by 
providing the Company with prior written notice setting out such request 
and the Holder’s wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed 
to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a 
Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day 
which is a Business Day and, in the case of any Interest Payment Due Date 
which is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension of 
the due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of 
determining the amount of Interest due on such date. All payments to be 
made by the Company under this Note shall be paid free and clear of and 
without any deduction or withholding for or on account of, any and all 
taxes, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law.


21.CANCELLATION. After all outstanding Principal balances and other amounts 
at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall 
automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for 
cancellation and shall not be reissued.


22.WAIVER OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby 
waives demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in 
connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or 
enforcement of this Note and the Subscription Agreement.


23.GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND SEVERABILITY. This Note shall be 
construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the 
construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall 
be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving 
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether 
of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the 
application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New 
York. The Company hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state 
and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City for 
the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with 
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby waives, 
and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that 
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that 
such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that 
the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained 
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by law. In the event that any provision of this Note 
is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, 
then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may 
conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such 
statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or 
unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability 
of any other provision of this Note. Nothing contained herein shall be 
deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other 
legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on 
the Company’s obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or 
any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other 
court ruling in favor of the Holder.


24.CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings:


(a)“Adjusted Current Market Price” means, with respect to any distribution, 
the Current Market Price used for the applicable adjustment to the 
Conversion Price less the Per Share De Minimus Distribution Amount paid in 
such transaction.


(b)“Bloomberg” means Bloomberg Financial Markets.


(c)“Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Company or, 
with respect to any action to be taken by the Board of Directors, any 
committee of the Board of Directors duly authorized to take such action.


(d)“Business Day” means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on 
which



10
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

commercial banks in The City of New York and the Republic of Singapore are 
authorized or required by law to remain closed.


(e) “Closing Price” means, for any security as of any date, the closing 
price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported 
by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities 
exchange or trading market for such security, the closing price, 
respectively, of such security on the principal securities exchange or 
trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by 
Bloomberg. If the Closing Price cannot be calculated for a security on a 
particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Price, as the 
case may be, of such security on such date shall be the fair market value 
as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and 
the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, 
then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 19. All such 
determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock 
split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable 
calculation period.


(f)“Current Market Price” on any date in question means, with respect to 
any adjustment in conversion rights as set forth herein, the average of the 
daily Closing Prices for the Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive 
Trading Days selected by the Board of Directors commencing not more than 
twenty (20) Trading Days before, and ending not later than, the earlier of 
the date in question and the day before the Ex Date with respect to the 
transaction requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that (i) if any 
other transaction occurs requiring a prior adjustment to the Conversion 
Price and the Ex Date for such other transaction falls after the first of 
the five consecutive Trading Days so selected by the Board of Directors, 
the Closing Price for each such Trading Day falling prior to the Ex Date 
for such other transaction shall be adjusted by multiplying such Closing 
Price by the same fraction by which the Conversion Price is so required to 
be adjusted as a result of such other transaction and (ii) if any other 
transaction occurs requiring a subsequent adjustment to the Conversion 
Price and the Ex Date for such other transaction falls on or before the 
last of the five (5) consecutive Trading Days so selected by the Board of 
Directors, the Closing Price for each such Trading Day falling on or after 
the Ex Date for such other transaction shall be adjusted by dividing such 
Closing Price by the same fraction by which the Conversion Price is so 
required to be adjusted as a result of such other transaction.


(g)“Dividend Recapitalization” means any dividend to any or all of the 
holders of capital stock of the Company that is funded directly or 
indirectly by the incurrence of $500,000,000.00 or more of Indebtedness.


(h)“Dividend Recapitalization Effective Date” means the date on which the 
Company pays a dividend to its stockholders in connection with a Dividend 
Recapitalization.


(i)“Dividend Recapitalization Notice” means a notice from the Company to 
the Holder stating: (a) that a Dividend Recapitalization will occur; (b) 
the Dividend Recapitalization Effective Date with respect to that Dividend 
Recapitalization; and (c) the procedures that the Holder must follow to 
elect the Dividend Recapitalization Option provided in Section 5.


(j)“Ex Date” means (i) when used with respect to any dividend, distribution 
or issuance, the first date on which the Common Stock trades regular way on 
the relevant exchange or in the relevant market from which the Closing 
Price is obtained without the right to receive such dividend, distribution 
or issuance, (ii) when used with respect to any subdivision or combination 
of shares of Common Stock, the first date on which the Common Stock trades 
regular way on such exchange or in such market after the time at which such 
subdivision or combination becomes effective, (iii) when used with respect 
to any tender or exchange offer, the first date on which the Common Stock 
trades regular way on such exchange or in such market after such tender or 
exchange offer expires and (iv) when used with respect to any other 
transaction, the date of consummation of such transaction.


(k)“Fundamental Change” means any of the following events: (i) the sale, 
lease, exchange, license or other transfer, in one or a series of related 
transactions, of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets 
(determined on a consolidated basis) to any Person or group (as such term 
is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act); (ii) the adoption of a 
plan the consummation of which would result in the liquidation or 
dissolution



11
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

of the Company; or (iii) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any 
Person or group (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange 
Act) of beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange 
Act) of more than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the fully diluted 
equity interests in the Company (but excluding for the purposes of the 
calculation of the fully diluted equity interests in the Company, any 
shares of Common Stock that would be issued on conversion of the then 
outstanding Principal balance of issued Notes and any accrued and unpaid 
Interest thereon).


(l)“Fundamental Change Effective Date” means the date on which a 
Fundamental Change occurs.


(m)“Fundamental Change Notice” means a notice from the Company to the 
Holder stating: (i) that a Fundamental Change will occur; (ii) the 
Fundamental Change Effective Date with respect to that Fundamental Change; 
and (c) the procedures that the Holder must follow to elect the Fundamental 
Change Option provided in Section 4.


(n)“Fundamental Change Option” has the meaning ascribed to that term in 
Section 4.


(o)“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles, consistently 
applied.


(p)“Group” means the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (from time to 
time).


(q)“Indebtedness” means, with respect to any Person, any indebtedness of 
such Person, whether or not contingent, in respect of borrowed money or 
evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of 
credit, if and to the extent any of the foregoing indebtedness (other than 
letters of credit) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of such 
Person prepared in accordance with GAAP.


(r)“Interest” means interest on any outstanding Principal balance from time 
to time, in the manner and at the interest rates specified in Section 2 
hereof and Default Interest or Registration Default Interest payable in 
accordance with Section 9 (if any).


(s)“Issuance Date” means the date the Company initially issued Notes 
pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement.


(t) “Ninety-Day VWAP” means the average of the Daily VWAP of the Common 
Stock for each day during the ninety (90) consecutive Trading Days 
immediately following and including the Dividend Recapitalization Effective 
Date.


(u)“Per Share De Minimus Distribution Amount” means, with respect to any 
distribution, (i) the cash paid in such distribution less the Excess 
Distribution Amount paid in such distribution divided by (ii) the number of 
shares of Common Stock on which such distribution is paid.


(v)“Per Share Excess Distribution Amount” means, with respect to any 
distribution, (i) the Excess Distribution Amount paid in such distribution 
divided by (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock on which such 
distribution is paid.


(w)“Per Share Premium Amount” means, with respect to any tender or exchange 
offer, (i) the Premium Amount paid as part of such tender or exchange offer 
divided by (ii) the Post-Tender Offer Number of Common Shares.


(x)“Person” means an individual or legal entity, including but not limited 
to a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint 
venture, a trust, an unincorporated organization and a government or any 
department or agency thereof.


(y)“Post-Tender Offer Number of Common Shares” means, with respect to any 
tender or



12
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

exchange offer, the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at the 
close of business on the date of expiration of such tender or exchange 
offer (before giving effect to the acquisition of shares of Common Stock 
pursuant thereto) minus the number of shares of Common Stock acquired 
pursuant thereto.


(z)“Premium Amount” means, with respect to any tender or exchange offer, 
(i) the Tender Consideration paid in such tender or exchange offer minus 
(ii) the product of the Current Market Price on the date of expiration of 
such tender or exchange offer and the number of shares of Common Stock 
acquired pursuant to such tender or exchange offer.


(aa)“Principal Market” means NYSE MKT LLC.


(bb)“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.


(cc)“Subscription Agreement” means that certain Subscription Agreement 
dated as of November 10, 2014, by and among the Company and the initial 
holder of the Notes pursuant to which the Company issued the Notes.


(dd)“Tender Consideration” means, with respect to any tender or exchange 
offer, the aggregate of the cash plus the Fair Market Value of all non-cash 
consideration paid in respect of such tender or exchange offer.


(ee)“Trading Day” means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the 
Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading 
market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or 
securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded; provided that 
“Trading Day” shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is 
scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or 
any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final 
hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market 
does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange 
or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time).


(ff)“Voting Stock” of a Person means capital stock of such Person of the 
class or classes pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general 
voting power to elect, or the general power to appoint, at least a majority 
of the board of directors, managers or trustees of such Person 
(irrespective of whether or not at the time capital stock of any other 
class or classes shall have or might have voting power by reason of the 
happening of any contingency).


[Signature Page Follows]




13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed as 
of the Issuance Date set out above.


CHENIERE ENERGY, INC.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 



------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I




CHENIERE ENERGY, INC.


CONVERSION NOTICE


Reference is made to the 2014 Unsecured Convertible Note (the “Note”) 
issued to the undersigned by Cheniere Energy, Inc. (the “Company”). In 
accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to 
convert the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Note) of the Note 
indicated below into shares of Common Stock, par value US$0.003 per share 
(the “Common Stock”) of the Company, as of the date specified below.


      Date of Conversion:


      Aggregate Conversion Amount to be converted:


Please confirm the following information:


      Conversion Price:


      Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:


Please issue the Common Stock into which the Note is being converted in the 
following name and to the following address:


      Issue to:


      Facsimile Number:


      Authorization:




      By:_________________________________


           Title:


Dated:


      Account Number:


        (if electronic book entry transfer)


      Transaction Code Number:


        (if electronic book entry transfer)






------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT I

ACKNOWLEDGMENT


The Company hereby acknowledges this Conversion Notice and hereby directs 
its transfer agent to issue the above-indicated number of shares of Common 
Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated [            
                           ] from the Company and acknowledged and agreed 
to by                                                   

CHENIERE ENERGY, INC.
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 



