 EX-10.2 3 a2222066zex-10_2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.
 
2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
1.                                      Purpose.  The purpose of the AMC 
Entertainment Holdings, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan is to further align 
the interests of eligible participants with those of the Companys 
stockholders by providing long-term incentive compensation opportunities 
tied to the performance of the Company and its Common Stock.  The Plan is 
intended to advance the interests of the Company and increase stockholder 
value by attracting, retaining and motivating key personnel upon whose 
judgment, initiative and effort the successful conduct of the Companys 
business is largely dependent.
 
2.                                      Definitions.  Wherever the 
following capitalized terms are used in the Plan, they shall have the 
meanings specified below:
 
Award means an award of a Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right, 
Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit, Cash Performance Award or 
Stock Award granted under the Plan.
 
Award Agreement means an agreement entered into between the Company and a 
Participant setting forth the terms and conditions of an Award granted to a 
Participant.
 
Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 
13d-3 under the Exchange Act
 
Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
Cash Performance Award means an Award that is denominated by a cash 
amount to an Eligible Person under Section 10 hereof and payable based upon 
the attainment of pre-established business and/or individual Performance 
Goals over a specified performance period.
 
Cause shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.2 hereof.
 
Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.2 
hereof.
 
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board, or such other 
committee of the Board appointed by the Board to administer the Plan.
 
Common Stock means the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.01 
per share.
 
Company means AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation or 
any successor thereto.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Date of Grant means the date on which an Award under the Plan is granted 
by the Committee or such later date as the Committee may specify to be the 
effective date of an Award.
 
Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1 hereof.
 
Eligible Person means any person who is an employee, Non-Employee 
Director, consultant or other personal service provider of the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries.
 
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
Fair Market Value means, with respect to a share of Common Stock as of a 
given date of determination hereunder, the closing price as reported on the 
New York Stock Exchange or other principal exchange on which the Common 
Stock is then listed on such date or if the Common Stock was not traded on 
such date, then on the next preceding trading day that the Common Stock was 
traded on such exchange, as reported by such responsible reporting service 
as the Committee may select.  If the Common Stock is not listed on any such 
exchange, Fair Market Value shall be such value as determined by the 
Board in its discretion and, to the extent necessary, shall be determined 
in a manner consistent with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations 
thereunder.
 
Incentive Stock Option means a Stock Option granted under Section 6 
hereof that is intended to meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code 
and the regulations thereunder.
 
Non-Employee Director means a member of the Board who is not an employee 
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
Nonqualified Stock Option means a Stock Option granted under Section 6 
hereof that is not an Incentive Stock Option.
 
Participant means any Eligible Person who holds an outstanding Award 
under the Plan.
 
Performance Criteria shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3 
hereof.
 
Performance Goals shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4 
hereof.
 
Performance Stock Unit means a Restricted Stock Unit denominated as a 
Performance Stock Unit under Section 9.2 hereof, to be paid or distributed 
based upon the attainment of pre-established business and/or individual 
Performance Goals over a specified performance period.
 
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a)(9) of 
the Exchange Act and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, including a 
group as defined in Section 13(d) thereof.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Plan means the AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive 
Plan as set forth herein, effective and as may be amended from time to time 
as provided in Section 15 hereof.
 
Restricted Stock Award means a grant of shares of Common Stock to an 
Eligible Person under Section 8 hereof that are issued subject to such 
vesting and transfer restrictions as the Committee shall determine, and 
such other conditions, as are set forth in the Plan and the applicable 
Award Agreement.
 
Restricted Stock Unit means a contractual right granted to an Eligible 
Person under Section 9 hereof representing notional unit interests equal in 
value to a share of Common Stock to be paid or distributed at such times, 
and subject to such conditions, as set forth in the Plan and the applicable 
Award Agreement.
 
Service means a Participants employment with the Company or any 
Subsidiary or a Participants service as a Non-Employee Director, 
consultant or other service provider with the Company, as applicable.
 
Stock Appreciation Right means a contractual right granted to an Eligible 
Person under Section 7 hereof entitling such Eligible Person to receive a 
payment, representing the excess of the Fair Market Value of a share of 
Common Stock over the base price per share of the right, at such time, and 
subject to such conditions, as are set forth in the Plan and the applicable 
Award Agreement.
 
Stock Award means a grant of shares of Common Stock to an Eligible Person 
under Section 11 hereof that are issued free of transfer restrictions and 
forfeiture conditions.
 
Stock Option means a contractual right granted to an Eligible Person 
under Section 6 hereof to purchase shares of Common Stock at such time and 
price, and subject to such conditions, as are set forth in the Plan and the 
applicable Award Agreement.
 
Subsidiary means an entity (whether or not a corporation) that is wholly 
or majority owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Company or 
any other affiliate of the Company that is so designated, from time to 
time, by the Committee, during the period of such affiliated status; 
provided, however, that with respect to Incentive Stock Options, the term 
Subsidiary shall include only an entity that qualifies under Section 
424(f) of the Code as a subsidiary corporation with respect to the 
Company.
 
Wanda Group means Dalian Wanda Group Co., Ltd. and its Subsidiaries.
 
3.                                      Administration.
 
3.1                               Committee Members.  The Plan shall be 
administered by a Committee comprised of no fewer than two members of the 
Board who are appointed by the Board to administer the Plan.  To the extent 
deemed necessary by the Board, each Committee member shall satisfy the 
requirements for (i) an independent director under rules adopted by the 
New York Stock Exchange or other principal exchange on which the Common 
Stock is then listed, (ii) a nonemployee director for purposes of such 
Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and (iii) an
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
outside director under Section 162(m) of the Code.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the mere fact that a Committee member shall fail to qualify 
under any of the foregoing requirements shall not invalidate any Award made 
by the Committee which Award is otherwise validly made under the Plan.  
Neither the Company nor any member of the Committee shall be liable for any 
action or determination made in good faith by the Committee with respect to 
the Plan or any Award thereunder.
 
3.2                               Committee Authority.  It shall be the 
duty of the Committee to administer the Plan in accordance with the Plans 
provisions.  The Committee shall have all powers and discretion necessary 
or appropriate to administer the Plan and to control its operation, 
including, but not limited to, the power to (i) determine the Eligible 
Persons to whom Awards shall be granted under the Plan, (ii) prescribe the 
restrictions, terms and conditions of all Awards, (iii) interpret the Plan 
and terms of the Awards, (iv) adopt rules for the administration, 
interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith, and 
interpret, amend or revoke any such rules, (v) make all determinations with 
respect to a Participants Service and the termination of such Service for 
purposes of any Award, (vi) correct any technical defect(s) or technical 
omission(s) or reconcile any technical inconsistency(ies) in the Plan or 
any Award thereunder and (vii) adopt such procedures and subplans as are 
necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Eligible 
Person who are foreign nationals or employed outside of the United States.  
The Committees determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and may 
be made by the Committee selectively among Participants and Eligible 
Persons, whether or not such persons are similarly situated.  The Committee 
shall, in its discretion, consider such factors as it deems relevant in 
making its interpretations, determinations and actions under the Plan 
including, without limitation, the recommendations or advice of any officer 
or employee of the Company or such attorneys, consultants, accountants or 
other advisors as it may select.  All interpretations, determinations, and 
actions by the Committee shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all 
parties.
 
3.3                               Delegation of Authority.  The Committee 
shall have the right, from time to time, to delegate to one or more 
officers of the Company the authority of the Committee to grant and 
determine the terms and conditions of Awards granted under the Plan, 
subject to the requirements of Section 157(c) of the Delaware General 
Corporation Law (or any successor provision) and such other limitations as 
the Committee shall determine.  In no event shall any such delegation of 
authority be permitted with respect to Awards granted to any member of the 
Board or to any Eligible Person who is subject to Rule 16b-3 under the 
Exchange Act is a covered employee under Section 162(m) of the Code.  The 
Committee shall also be permitted to delegate, to any appropriate officer 
or employee of the Company, responsibility for performing certain 
ministerial functions under the Plan.  In the event that the Committees 
authority is delegated to officers or employees in accordance with the 
foregoing, all provisions of the Plan relating to the Committee shall be 
interpreted in a manner consistent with the foregoing by treating any such 
reference as a reference to such officer or employee for such purpose.  Any 
action undertaken in accordance with the Committees delegation of 
authority hereunder shall have the same force and effect as if such action 
was undertaken directly by the Committee and shall be deemed for all 
purposes of the Plan to have been taken by the Committee.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
4.                                      Shares Subject to the Plan.
 
4.1                               Number of Shares Reserved.  Subject to 
adjustment as provided in Section 4.5 hereof, the total number of shares of 
Common Stock that are reserved for issuance under the Plan shall be 
9,474,000 (the Share Reserve).  Each share of Common Stock subject to an 
Award shall reduce the Share Reserve by one share; provided that Awards 
that are required to be paid in cash pursuant to their terms shall not 
reduce the Share Reserve.  Any shares of Common Stock delivered under the 
Plan shall consist of authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares.
 
4.2                               Share Replenishment.  To the extent that 
an Award granted under this Plan is canceled, expired, forfeited, 
surrendered, settled by delivery of fewer shares than the number underlying 
the Award or otherwise terminated without delivery of the shares to the 
Participant, the shares of Common Stock retained by or returned to the 
Company will (i) not be deemed to have been delivered under the Plan, (ii) 
be available for future Awards under the Plan, and (iii) increase the Share 
Reserve by one share for each share that is retained by or returned to the 
Company.  For the avoidance of doubt, shares that are (i) withheld from an 
Award or separately surrendered by the Participant in payment of the 
exercise or purchase price or taxes relating to such an Award or (ii) not 
issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of an outstanding 
stock option or stock appreciation right shall not be deemed to constitute 
delivered shares and will be available for future Awards under the Plan.
 
4.3                               Awards Granted to Eligible Persons Other 
Than Non-Employee Directors.  For purposes of complying with the 
requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, the maximum number of shares of 
Common Stock that may be subject to (i) Stock Options, (ii) Stock 
Appreciation Rights, (iii) Restricted Stock Awards that vest in full or in 
part based on the attainment of Performance Goals, and (iv) Restricted 
Stock Units that vest in full or in part based on the attainment of 
Performance Goals, that are granted to any Eligible Person other than a 
Non-Employee Director during any calendar year shall be limited to 947,400 
shares of Common Stock for each such Award type individually (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Section 4.5 hereof).
 
4.4                               Awards Granted to Non-Employee Directors
.  The maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to 
Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Awards, 
Restricted Stock Units and Stock Awards granted to any Non-Employee 
Director during any calendar year shall be limited to 947,400 shares of 
Common Stock for all such Award types in the aggregate (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Section 4.5 hereof).
 
4.5                               Adjustments.  If there shall occur any 
change with respect to the outstanding shares of Common Stock by reason of 
any recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, extraordinary 
dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other distribution with 
respect to the shares of Common Stock or any merger, reorganization, 
consolidation, combination, spin-off or other similar corporate change or 
any other change affecting the Common Stock (other than regular cash 
dividends to shareholders of the Company), the Committee shall, in the 
manner and to the extent it considers equitable to the Participants and 
consistent with the terms of the Plan, cause an adjustment to be made to 
(i) the maximum number and kind of shares of Common Stock provided in 
Sections 4.1, 4.3 and 4.4
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
hereof (including the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may 
become payable to a Participant provided in Sections 4.3 and 4.4 hereof), 
(ii) the number and kind of shares of Common Stock, units or other rights 
subject to then outstanding Awards, (iii) the exercise or base price for 
each share or unit or other right subject to then outstanding Awards, (iv) 
the maximum amount that may become payable to a Participant under Cash 
Performance Awards provided in Section 10.6 hereof and (v) any other terms 
of an Award that are affected by the event.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
(a) any such adjustments shall, to the extent necessary, be made in a 
manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and (b) 
in the case of Incentive Stock Options, any such adjustments shall, to the 
extent practicable, be made in a manner consistent with the requirements of 
Section 424(a) of the Code.
 
5.                                      Eligibility and Awards.
 
5.1                               Designation of Participants.  Any 
Eligible Person may be selected by the Committee to receive an Award and 
become a Participant under the Plan.  The Committee has the authority, in 
its discretion, to determine and designate from time to time those Eligible 
Persons who are to be granted Awards, the types of Awards to be granted, 
the number of shares of Common Stock or units subject to Awards to be 
granted and the terms and conditions of such Awards consistent with the 
terms of the Plan.  In selecting Eligible Persons to be Participants, and 
in determining the type and amount of Awards to be granted under the Plan, 
the Committee shall consider any and all factors that it deems relevant or 
appropriate.  Designation of a Participant in any year shall not require 
the Committee to designate such person to receive an Award in any other 
year or, once designated, to receive the same type or amount of Award as 
granted to the Participant in any other year.
 
5.2                               Determination of Awards.  The Committee 
shall determine the terms and conditions of all Awards granted to 
Participants in accordance with its authority under Section 3.2 hereof.  An 
Award may consist of one type of right or benefit hereunder or of two or 
more such rights or benefits granted in tandem.
 
5.3                               Award Agreements.  Each Award granted to 
an Eligible Person under the Plan may be represented in an Award Agreement. 
 The terms of all Awards under the Plan, as determined by the Committee, 
will be set forth in each individual Award Agreements as described in 
Section 14.1 hereof.
 
6.                                      Stock Options.
 
6.1                               Grant of Stock Options.  A Stock Option 
may be granted to any Eligible Person selected by the Committee, except 
that an Incentive Stock Option may only be granted to an Eligible Person 
satisfying the conditions of Section 6.7(a) hereof.  Each Stock Option 
shall be designated on the Date of Grant, in the discretion of the 
Committee, as an Incentive Stock Option or as a Nonqualified Stock Option.  
All Stock Options granted under the Plan are intended to comply with the 
requirements for exemption under Section 409A of the Code.
 
6.2                               Exercise Price.  The exercise price per 
share of a Stock Option shall not be less than one hundred percent (100%) 
of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Date of Grant.  
The Committee may in its discretion specify an exercise price per share 
that is higher than the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the 
Date of Grant.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
6.3                               Vesting of Stock Options.  The Committee 
shall, in its discretion, prescribe the time or times at which or the 
conditions upon which, a Stock Option or portion thereof shall become 
vested and/or exercisable.  The requirements for vesting and exercisability 
of a Stock Option may be based on the continued Service of the Participant 
with the Company or a Subsidiary for a specified time period (or periods), 
on the attainment of a specified Performance Goal(s) or on such other terms 
and conditions as approved by the Committee in its discretion.  The 
Committee may accelerate the vesting or exercisability of any Stock Option 
upon a Change in Control or upon termination of Service under certain 
circumstances, as set forth in the Award Agreement or otherwise.  If the 
vesting requirements of a Stock Option are not satisfied, the Award shall 
be forfeited.
 
6.4                               Term of Stock Options.  The Committee 
shall in its discretion prescribe in an Award Agreement the period during 
which a vested Stock Option may be exercised; provided, however, that the 
maximum term of a Stock Option shall be ten (10) years from the Date of 
Grant.  The Committee may provide that a Stock Option will cease to be 
exercisable upon or at the end of a period following a termination of 
Service for any reason.
 
6.5                               Stock Option Exercise; Tax Withholding.  
Subject to such terms and conditions as specified in an Award Agreement, a 
Stock Option may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the 
term thereof by notice in the form required by the Company, together with 
payment of the aggregate exercise price and applicable withholding tax.  
Payment of the exercise price shall be made: (i) in cash or by cash 
equivalent acceptable to the Committee, or, to the extent permitted by the 
Committee in its sole discretion (ii) (A) in shares of Common Stock valued 
at the Fair Market Value of such shares on the date of exercise, (B) 
through an open-market, broker-assisted sales transaction pursuant to which 
the Company is promptly delivered the amount of proceeds necessary to 
satisfy the exercise price, (C) by reducing the number of shares of Common 
Stock otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Stock Option by the 
number of shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value on the date of 
exercise equal to the exercise price, (D) by a combination of the methods 
described above or (E) by such other method as may be approved by the 
Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement.  In addition to and at the 
time of payment of the exercise price, the Participant shall pay to the 
Company the full amount of any and all applicable income tax, employment 
tax and other amounts required to be withheld in connection with such 
exercise, payable under such of the methods described above for the payment 
of the exercise price as may be approved by the Committee and set forth in 
the Award Agreement.
 
6.6                               Limited Transferability of Nonqualified 
Stock Options.  All Stock Options shall be nontransferable except (i) upon 
the Participants death as provided in Section 14.2 hereof and (ii) subject 
to prior approval by the Committee, in the case of Nonqualified Stock 
Options only, for the transfer of all or part of the Stock Option to a 
Participants family member (as defined for purposes of the Form S-8 
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933).  The transfer of 
a Nonqualified Stock Option may be subject to such terms and conditions as 
the Committee may in its discretion impose from time to time.  Subsequent 
transfers of a Nonqualified Stock Option shall be prohibited.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
6.7                               Additional Rules for Incentive Stock 
Options.
 
(a)                                 Eligibility.  An Incentive Stock Option 
may only be granted to an Eligible Person who is considered an employee for 
purposes of Treasury Regulation §1.421-7(h) with respect to the Company or 
any Subsidiary that qualifies as a subsidiary corporation with respect to 
the Company for purposes of Section 424(f) of the Code.
 
(b)                                 Annual Limits.  No Incentive Stock 
Option shall be granted to a Participant as a result of which the aggregate 
Fair Market Value (determined as of the Date of Grant) of the Common Stock 
with respect to which incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code 
are exercisable for the first time in any calendar year under the Plan and 
any other stock option plans of the Company or any subsidiary or parent 
corporation, would exceed $100,000, determined in accordance with Section 
422(d) of the Code.  This limitation shall be applied by taking Stock 
Options into account in the order in which granted.
 
(c)                                  Additional Limitations.  In the case 
of any Incentive Stock Option granted to an Eligible Person who owns, 
either directly or indirectly (taking into account the attribution rules 
contained in Section 424(d) of the Code), stock possessing more than ten 
percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of 
the Company or any Subsidiary, the exercise price shall not be less than 
one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of 
Common Stock on the Date of Grant and the maximum term shall be five (5) 
years.
 
(d)                                 Termination of Employment.  An Award of 
an Incentive Stock Option may provide that such Stock Option may be 
exercised not later than (i) three (3) months following termination of 
employment of the Participant with the Company and all Subsidiaries (other 
than as set forth in clause (ii) of this Section 6.7(d)) or (ii) one year 
following termination of employment of the Participant with the Company and 
all Subsidiaries due to death or permanent and total disability within the 
meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, in each case as and to the extent 
determined by the Committee to comply with the requirements of Section 422 
of the Code.
 
(e)                                  Other Terms and Conditions; 
Nontransferability.  Any Incentive Stock Option granted hereunder shall 
contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the 
terms of the Plan, as are deemed necessary or desirable by the Committee, 
which terms, together with the terms of the Plan, shall be intended and 
interpreted to cause such Incentive Stock Option to qualify as an 
incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code.  A Stock Option 
that is granted as an Incentive Stock Option shall, to the extent it fails 
to qualify as an incentive stock option under the Code, be treated as a 
Nonqualified Stock Option.  An Incentive Stock Option shall by its terms be 
nontransferable other than by will or by the laws of descent and 
distribution, and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of a Participant 
only by such Participant.
 
(f)                                   Disqualifying Dispositions.  If 
shares of Common Stock acquired by exercise of an Incentive Stock Option 
are disposed of within two years following the Date of Grant or one year 
following the transfer of such shares to the Participant upon exercise, the 
Participant shall, promptly following such disposition, notify the Company 
in writing of the date
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and terms of such disposition and provide such other information regarding 
the disposition as the Company may reasonably require.
 
6.8                               Repricing Prohibited; Dividend Equivalent 
Rights.  Subject to the anti-dilution adjustment provisions contained in 
Section 4.5 hereof, without the prior approval of the Companys 
stockholders, neither the Committee nor the Board shall cancel a Stock 
Option when the exercise price per share exceeds the Fair Market Value of 
one share of Common Stock in exchange for cash or another Award (other than 
in connection with a Change in Control) or cause the cancellation, 
substitution or amendment of a Stock Option that would have the effect of 
reducing the exercise price of such a Stock Option previously granted under 
the Plan or otherwise approve any modification to such a Stock Option, that 
would be treated as a repricing under the then applicable rules, 
regulations or listing requirements adopted by the New York Stock Exchange 
or other principal exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed. 
Dividends may not be paid with respect to Stock Options and dividend 
equivalent rights may not be granted with respect to the shares of Common 
Stock subject to Stock Options.
 
7.                                      Stock Appreciation Rights.
 
7.1                               Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights.  
Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted to any Eligible Person selected by 
the Committee.  Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted on a basis that 
allows for the exercise of the right by the Participant or that provides 
for the automatic payment of the right upon a specified date or event.  
Stock Appreciation Rights shall be non-transferable, except as provided in 
Section 14.2 hereof.  All Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan 
are intended to comply with the requirements for exemption under Section 
409A of the Code.
 
7.2                               Stand-Alone Stock Appreciation Rights.  A 
Stock Appreciation Right may be granted without any related Stock Option.  
The Committee shall in its discretion provide in an Award Agreement the 
time or times at which or the conditions upon which, a Stock Appreciation 
Right or portion thereof shall become vested and/or exercisable.  The 
requirements for vesting and exercisability of a Stock Appreciation Right 
may be based on the continued Service of a Participant with the Company or 
a Subsidiary for a specified time period (or periods), on the attainment of 
a specified Performance Goal(s) or on such other terms and conditions as 
approved by the Committee in its discretion.  If the vesting requirements 
of a Stock Appreciation Right are not satisfied, the Award shall be 
forfeited.  The Committee may accelerate the vesting or exercisability of 
any Stock Appreciation Right upon a Change in Control or upon termination 
of Service under certain circumstances as set forth in the Award Agreement 
or otherwise.  A Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable or payable at 
such time or times as determined by the Committee; provided, that the 
maximum term of a Stock Appreciation Right shall be ten (10) years from the 
Date of Grant.  The Committee may provide that a Stock Appreciation Right 
will cease to be exercisable upon or at the end of a period following a 
termination of Service for any reason.  The base price of a Stock 
Appreciation Right granted without any related Stock Option shall be 
determined by the Committee in its discretion; provided, however, that the 
base price per share of any such stand-alone Stock Appreciation Right shall 
not be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a 
share of Common Stock on the Date of Grant.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
7.3                               Tandem Stock Option/Stock Appreciation 
Rights.  A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted in tandem with a Stock 
Option, either on the Date of Grant or at any time thereafter during the 
term of the Stock Option.  A tandem Stock Option/Stock Appreciation Right 
will entitle the holder to elect, as to all or any portion of the number of 
shares subject to the Award, to exercise either the Stock Option or the 
Stock Appreciation Right, resulting in the reduction of the corresponding 
number of shares subject to the right so exercised as well as the tandem 
right not so exercised.  A Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with 
a Stock Option hereunder shall have a base price per share equal to the per 
share exercise price of the Stock Option, will be vested and exercisable at 
the same time or times that a related Stock Option is vested and 
exercisable, and will expire no later than the time at which the related 
Stock Option expires.
 
7.4                               Payment of Stock Appreciation Rights.  A 
Stock Appreciation Right will entitle the holder, upon exercise or other 
payment of the Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, to receive an 
amount determined by multiplying: (i) the excess of the Fair Market Value 
of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise or payment of the Stock 
Appreciation Right over the base price of such Stock Appreciation Right, by 
(ii) the number of shares as to which such Stock Appreciation Right is 
exercised or paid.  Payment of the amount determined under the foregoing 
may be made, as approved by the Committee and set forth in the Award 
Agreement, in shares of Common Stock valued at their Fair Market Value on 
the date of exercise or payment, in cash or in a combination of shares of 
Common Stock and cash, subject to applicable tax withholding requirements.
 
7.5                               Repricing Prohibited; Dividend Equivalent 
Rights.  Subject to the anti-dilution adjustment provisions contained in 
Section 4.5 hereof, without the prior approval of the Companys 
stockholders, neither the Committee nor the Board shall cancel a Stock 
Appreciation Right when the base price per share exceeds the Fair Market 
Value of one share of Common Stock in exchange for cash or another Award 
(other than in connection with a Change in Control) or cause the 
cancellation, substitution or amendment of a Stock Appreciation Right that 
would have the effect of reducing the base price of such a Stock 
Appreciation Right previously granted under the Plan or otherwise approve 
any modification to such Stock Appreciation Right that would be treated as 
a repricing under the then applicable rules, regulations or listing 
requirements adopted by the New York Stock Exchange or other principal 
exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed. Dividends may not be 
paid with respect to Stock Appreciation Rights and dividend equivalent 
rights may not be granted with respect to the shares of Common Stock 
subject to Stock Appreciation Rights.
 
8.                                      Restricted Stock Awards.
 
8.1                               Grant of Restricted Stock Awards.  A 
Restricted Stock Award may be granted to any Eligible Person selected by 
the Committee.  The Committee may require the payment by the Participant of 
a specified purchase price in connection with any Restricted Stock Award.
 
8.2                               Vesting Requirements.  The restrictions 
imposed on shares granted under a Restricted Stock Award shall lapse in 
accordance with the vesting requirements specified by the Committee in the 
Award Agreement.  The requirements for vesting of a Restricted Stock Award 
may be based on the continued Service of the Participant with the Company 
or a Subsidiary for a
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
specified time period (or periods), on the attainment of a specified 
Performance Goal(s) designed to meet the requirements for exemption under 
Section 162(m) of the Code or on such other terms and conditions as 
approved by the Committee in its discretion.  The Committee may accelerate 
the vesting of a Restricted Stock Award upon a Change in Control or upon 
termination of Service under certain circumstances, as set forth in the 
Award Agreement.  If the vesting requirements of a Restricted Stock Award 
shall not be satisfied or, if applicable, the Performance Goal(s) with 
respect to such Restricted Stock Award are not attained, the Award shall be 
forfeited and the shares of Stock subject to the Award shall be returned to 
the Company.
 
8.3                               Transfer Restrictions.  Shares granted 
under any Restricted Stock Award may not be transferred, assigned or 
subject to any encumbrance, pledge or charge until all applicable 
restrictions are removed or have expired, except as provided in Section 
14.2 hereof.  Failure to satisfy any applicable restrictions shall result 
in the subject shares of the Restricted Stock Award being forfeited and 
returned to the Company.  The Committee may require in an Award Agreement 
that certificates (if any) representing the shares granted under a 
Restricted Stock Award bear a legend making appropriate reference to the 
restrictions imposed, and that certificates (if any) representing the 
shares granted or sold under a Restricted Stock Award will remain in the 
physical custody of an escrow holder until all restrictions are removed or 
have expired.
 
8.4                               Rights as Stockholder.  Subject to the 
foregoing provisions of this Section 8 and the applicable Award Agreement, 
the Participant shall have all rights of a stockholder with respect to the 
shares granted to the Participant under a Restricted Stock Award, other 
than, pursuant to the terms of the Award Agreement, the right to receive 
dividends and other distributions paid or made with respect thereto.  The 
Committee may provide in an Award Agreement for the payment of cash 
dividends and distributions to the Participant at such times as paid to 
stockholders generally or at the times of vesting of the Restricted Stock 
Award.  Any dividends or distributions with respect to Restricted Stock 
Awards that are subject to performance-based vesting will be subject to the 
same restrictions as the underlying Restricted Stock Award.
 
8.5                               Section 83(b) Election.  If a Participant 
makes an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code with respect to a 
Restricted Stock Award, the Participant shall file, within thirty (30) days 
following the Date of Grant, a copy of such election with the Company and 
with the Internal Revenue Service, in accordance with the regulations under 
Section 83 of the Code.  The Committee may provide in an Award Agreement 
that the Restricted Stock Award is conditioned upon the Participants 
making or refraining from making an election with respect to the Award 
under Section 83(b) of the Code.
 
9.                                      Restricted Stock Units.
 
9.1                               Grant of Restricted Stock Units.  A 
Restricted Stock Unit may be granted to any Eligible Person selected by the 
Committee.  The value of each Restricted Stock Unit is equal to the Fair 
Market Value of the Common Stock on the applicable date or time period of 
determination, as specified by the Committee.  Restricted Stock Units shall 
be subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Committee shall 
determine.  Restricted Stock Units shall be non-transferable, except as 
provided in Section 14.2 hereof.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
9.2                               Vesting of Restricted Stock Units.  On 
the Date of Grant, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine any 
vesting requirements with respect to Restricted Stock Units, which shall be 
set forth in the Award Agreement.  The requirements for vesting of a 
Restricted Stock Unit may be based on the continued Service of the 
Participant with the Company or a Subsidiary for a specified time period 
(or periods) or on such other terms and conditions as approved by the 
Committee in its discretion.  In addition, a Restricted Stock Unit may be 
denominated as a Performance Stock Unit.  The requirements for vesting of 
a Restricted Stock Unit denominated as a Performance Stock Unit may be 
based, in whole or in part, on the attainment of pre-established business 
and/or individual Performance Goal(s) over a specified performance period 
designed to meet the requirements for exemption under Section 162(m) of the 
Code, or otherwise, as approved by the Committee in its discretion.  The 
Committee may accelerate the vesting of a Restricted Stock Unit upon a 
Change in Control or upon termination of Service under certain 
circumstances, as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If the vesting 
requirements of a Restricted Stock Units Award are not satisfied or, if 
applicable, the Performance Goal(s) with respect to such Restricted Stock 
Units Award are not attained, the Award shall be forfeited.
 
9.3                               Payment of Restricted Stock Units.  
Restricted Stock Units shall become payable to a Participant at the time or 
times determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement, 
which may be upon or following the vesting of the Award.  Payment of a 
Restricted Stock Unit may be made, as approved by the Committee and set 
forth in the Award Agreement, in cash or in shares of Common Stock or in a 
combination thereof, subject to applicable tax withholding requirements.  
Any cash payment of a Restricted Stock Unit shall be made based upon the 
Fair Market Value of the Common Stock, determined on such date or over such 
time period as determined by the Committee.
 
9.4                               Dividend Equivalent Rights.  Restricted 
Stock Units may be granted together with a dividend equivalent right with 
respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, which may be 
accumulated and may be deemed reinvested in additional Restricted Stock 
Units or may be accumulated in cash, as determined by the Committee in its 
discretion, and will be paid at the time the underlying Restricted Stock 
Unit is payable.  Dividend equivalent rights shall be subject to forfeiture 
under the same conditions as apply to the underlying Restricted Stock 
Units.
 
9.5                               No Rights as Stockholder.  The 
Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect to the 
shares subject to a Restricted Stock Unit until such time as shares of 
Common Stock are delivered to the Participant pursuant to the terms of the 
Award Agreement.
 
10.                               Cash Performance Awards and Performance 
Criteria.
 
10.1                        Grant of Cash Performance Awards.  A Cash 
Performance Award may be granted to any Eligible Person selected by the 
Committee.  Payment amounts shall be based on the attainment of specified 
levels of attainment with respect to the Performance Goals, including, if 
applicable, specified threshold, target and maximum performance levels.  
The requirements for payment may be also based upon the continued Service 
of the Participant with the Company or a Subsidiary during the respective 
performance period and on such other conditions as determined by the 
Committee and set forth in an Award Agreement.  With respect to Cash 
Performance Awards and other Awards intended to qualify as 
performance-based compensation under
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
162(m) of the Code, before the 90th day of the applicable performance 
period (or, if the performance period is less than one year, no later than 
the number of days which is equal to 25% of such performance period), the 
Committee will determine the duration of the performance period, the 
Performance Criteria, the applicable Performance Goals relating to the 
Performance Criteria, and the amount and terms of payment/vesting upon 
achievement of the Performance Goals.  Cash Performance Awards shall be 
non-transferable, except as provided in Section 14.2 hereof.
 
10.2                        Award Agreements.  Each Cash Performance Award 
shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the performance 
period and such other terms and conditions as the Committee, in its 
discretion, shall determine.  The Committee may accelerate the vesting of a 
Cash Performance Award upon a Change in Control or termination of Service 
under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Award Agreement.
 
10.3                        Performance Criteria.  For purposes of Cash 
Performance Awards and other Awards intended to qualify as 
performance-based compensation under 162(m) of the Code, the Performance 
Criteria shall be one or any combination of the following, for the Company 
or any identified Subsidiary or business unit, as determined by the 
Committee at the time of the Award: (i) total stockholder return; (ii) such 
total stockholder return as compared to total return (on a comparable 
basis) of a publicly available index such as, but not limited to, the 
Standard & Poors 500 Stock Index; (iii) net income; (iv) pretax earnings; 
(v) adjusted earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and 
amortization (EBITDA); (vi) pretax operating earnings after interest 
expense and before bonuses, service fees, and extraordinary or special 
items; (vii) operating margin; (viii) earnings per share; (ix) return on 
equity; (x) return on capital; (xi) return on investment; (xii) operating 
earnings; (xiii) working capital; (xiv) ratio of debt to stockholders 
equity; (xv) revenue; (xvi) free cash flow (i.e., EBITDA, less cash taxes, 
cash interest, net capital expenditures, mandatory payments of principal 
under any credit facility, and payments under collateralized lease 
obligations and financing lease obligations); (xvii) industry attendance 
metrics; (xviii) cash flow from operating activities and (xix) any 
combination of or a specified increase in any of the foregoing.  Each of 
the Performance Criteria shall be applied and interpreted in accordance 
with an objective formula or standard established by the Committee at the 
time the applicable Award is granted including, without limitation, GAAP.
 
10.4                        Performance Goals.  For purposes of Cash 
Performance Awards and other Awards intended to qualify as 
performance-based compensation under 162(m) of the Code, the Performance 
Goals shall be the levels of achievement relating to the Performance 
Criteria selected by the Committee for the Award.  The Performance Goals 
shall be written and shall be expressed as an objective formula or standard 
that precludes discretion to increase the amount of compensation payable 
that would otherwise be due upon attainment of the goal.  The Performance 
Goals may be applied on an absolute basis or relative to an identified 
index, peer group, or one or more competitors or other companies (including 
particular business segments or divisions or such companies), as specified 
by the Committee.  The Performance Goals need not be the same for all 
Participants.
 
10.5                        Adjustments.  At the time that an Award is 
granted, the Committee may provide for the Performance Goals or the manner 
in which performance will be measured against the Performance Goals to be 
adjusted in such objective manner as it deems appropriate, including,
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
without limitation, adjustments to reflect charges for restructurings, 
non-operating income, the impact of corporate transactions or discontinued 
operations, extraordinary and other unusual or non-recurring items and the 
cumulative effects of accounting or tax law changes.  In addition, with 
respect to a Participant hired or promoted following the beginning of a 
performance period, the Committee may determine to prorate the Performance 
Goals and/or the amount of any payment in respect of such Participants 
Cash Performance Awards for the partial performance period.
 
10.6                        Maximum Amount of Cash Performance Awards.  The 
maximum amount that may become payable to any one Participant during any 
one calendar year under all Cash Performance Awards is limited to 
$3,000,000.
 
10.7                        Negative Discretion.  Notwithstanding anything 
else contained in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee shall, to the 
extent provided in an Award Agreement, have the right, in its discretion, 
(i) to reduce or eliminate the amount otherwise payable to any Participant 
under an Award and (ii) to establish rules or procedures that have the 
effect of limiting the amount payable to any Participant to an amount that 
is less than the amount that is otherwise payable under an Award.  The 
Committee may exercise the discretion provided for by the foregoing 
sentence in a non-uniform manner among Participants.  The Committee shall 
not have discretion to increase the amount that is otherwise payable to any 
Participant under a Cash Performance Award or other Award intended to 
qualify as performance-based compensation under 162(m) of the Code.
 
10.8                        Certification.  Following the conclusion of the 
performance period of a Cash Performance Award or other Award intended to 
qualify as performance-based compensation under 162(m) of the Code, the 
Committee shall certify in writing whether the Performance Goals for that 
performance period have been achieved, or certify the degree of 
achievement, if applicable.
 
10.9                        Payment.  Upon certification of the Performance 
Goals for a Cash Performance Award, or other Award intended to qualify as 
performance-based compensation under 162(m) of the Code, the Committee 
shall determine the level of vesting or amount of payment to the 
Participant pursuant to the Award, if any.  All payments under the Plan 
shall generally be paid no later than March 15 of the year following the 
year in which the applicable Performance Period ends.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Cash Performance Awards may be paid, at the discretion of the 
Committee, in any combination of cash or shares of Common Stock, based upon 
the Fair Market Value of such shares at the time of payment.
 
11.                               Stock Awards.
 
11.1                        Grant of Stock Awards.  A Stock Award may be 
granted to any Eligible Person selected by the Committee.  A Stock Award 
may be granted for past Services, in lieu of bonus or other cash 
compensation, as directors compensation or for any other valid purpose as 
determined by the Committee.  The Committee shall determine the terms and 
conditions of such Awards, and such Awards may be made without vesting 
requirements.  In addition, the Committee may, in connection with any Stock 
Award, require the payment of a specified purchase price.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
11.2                        Rights as Stockholder.  Subject to the 
foregoing provisions of this Section 11 and the applicable Award Agreement, 
upon the issuance of the Common Stock under a Stock Award the Participant 
shall have all rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares of Common 
Stock, including the right to vote the shares and receive all dividends and 
other distributions paid or made with respect thereto.
 
12.                               Change in Control.
 
12.1                        Effect on Awards.  Upon the occurrence of a 
Change in Control, unless otherwise specifically prohibited under 
applicable law, or unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, the 
Committee is authorized (but not obligated) to make adjustments in the 
terms and conditions of outstanding Awards, including without limitation 
the following (or any combination thereof):  (a) continuation or assumption 
of such outstanding Awards under the Plan by the Company (if it is the 
surviving company or corporation) or by the surviving company or 
corporation or its parent; (b) substitution by the surviving company or 
corporation or its parent of awards with substantially the same terms for 
outstanding Awards (with appropriate adjustments to the type of 
consideration payable upon settlement of the Awards); (c) accelerated 
exercisability, vesting and/or payment under outstanding Awards immediately 
prior to the occurrence of such event or upon a termination of employment 
following such event; and (d) if all or substantially all of the Companys 
outstanding shares of Common Stock transferred in exchange for cash 
consideration in connection with such Change in Control: (i) upon written 
notice, provide that any outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation 
Rights are exercisable during a reasonable period of time immediately prior 
to the scheduled consummation of the event or such other reasonable period 
as determined by the Committee (contingent upon the consummation of the 
event), and at the end of such period, such Stock Options and Stock 
Appreciation Rights shall terminate to the extent not so exercised within 
the relevant period; and (ii) cancellation of all or any portion of 
outstanding Awards for fair value (in the form of cash, Shares, other 
property or any combination thereof) as determined in the sole discretion 
of the Committee; provided, that, in the case of Stock Options and Stock 
Appreciation Rights, the fair value may equal the excess, if any, of the 
value of the consideration to be paid in the Change in Control transaction 
to holders of the same number of shares of Common Stock subject to such 
Awards (or, if no such consideration is paid, Fair Market Value of the 
shares of Common Stock subject to such outstanding Awards or portion 
thereof being canceled) over the aggregate exercise or base price, as 
applicable, with respect to such Awards or portion thereof being canceled, 
or if no such excess, zero; provided further, that, unless otherwise 
determined by the Committee, a Participant shall not be entitled to a 
payment in respect of any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right in 
connection with a Change in Control that otherwise would be made after the 
fifth (5th) anniversary of consummation of such Change in Control.
 
12.2                        Definition of Change in Control.  Unless 
otherwise defined in an Award Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the 
occurrence of one of the following events:
 
(a)                                 Any Person, other than Wanda Group or 
any of its Subsidiaries, becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or 
indirectly, of more than thirty-five percent (35%) of the combined voting 
power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to 
vote generally in the election of its directors (the Outstanding Company 
Voting Securities) including by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise; 
provided, however, that for purposes of
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
this definition, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change 
in Control: (i) any acquisition of voting securities of the Company 
directly from the Company, including without limitation, a public offering 
of securities or (ii) any acquisition by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries of Outstanding Company Voting Securities, including an 
acquisition by any employee benefit plan or related trust sponsored or 
maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
(b)                                 During any period of two consecutive 
years, individuals who constitute the Board as of the beginning of such 
period (the Incumbent Directors) cease for any reason to constitute at 
least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual 
becoming a director subsequent to the beginning of such period whose 
election to the Board, or nomination for election by the Companys 
stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the 
Incumbent Directors (including directors whose election or nomination was 
previously so approved), shall be considered as though such individual were 
a member of the Board as of the beginning of such two-year period, but 
excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption 
of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest 
relating to the election or removal of any members of the Board or other 
actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of 
a Person other than the Board; provided, further, that any individual 
becoming a member of the Board subsequent to the Effective Date who was 
designated as a Board member by Wanda Group shall be considered as though 
such individual was an Incumbent Director.
 
(c)                                  Consummation of a reorganization, 
merger, or consolidation to which the Company is a party or a sale or other 
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a 
Business Combination), unless, following such Business Combination: (i) 
any individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of Outstanding 
Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination 
are the Beneficial Owners, directly or indirectly, of more than fifty 
percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting 
securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or 
election of members of a comparable governing body) of the entity resulting 
from the Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity 
which as a result of such transaction owns all or substantially all of the 
Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly 
or through one or more Subsidiaries) (the Successor Entity) in 
substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to 
such Business Combination; (ii) no Person (excluding any Successor Entity 
or any employee benefit plan or related trust of the Company, such 
Successor Entity, or any of their Subsidiaries) is the Beneficial Owner, 
directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined 
voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote 
generally in the election of directors (or comparable governing body) of 
the Successor Entity, except to the extent that such ownership existed 
prior to the Business Combination; and (iii) at least a majority of the 
members of the board of directors (or comparable governing body) of the 
Successor Entity were Incumbent Directors (including persons deemed to be 
Incumbent Directors) at the time of the execution of the initial agreement 
or of the action of the Board providing for such Business Combination.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with 
Section 409A of the Code with respect to the payment of nonqualified 
deferred compensation, Change of Control shall be limited to a change 
in control event as defined under Section 409A of the Code.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
13.                               Forfeiture Events.
 
13.1                        General.  The Committee may specify in an Award 
Agreement at the time of the Award that the Participants rights, payments 
and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, 
cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain 
specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or 
performance conditions of an Award.  Such events shall include, but shall 
not be limited to, termination of Service for Cause, violation of material 
Company policies, breach of noncompetition, confidentiality or other 
restrictive covenants that may apply to the Participant or other conduct by 
the Participant that is detrimental to the business or reputation of the 
Company.
 
13.2                        Termination for Cause.
 
(a)                                 Treatment of Awards.  Unless otherwise 
provided by the Committee and set forth in an Award Agreement, if (i) a 
Participants Service with the Company or any Subsidiary shall be 
terminated for Cause or (ii) after termination of Service for any other 
reason, the Committee determines in its discretion either that, (1) during 
the Participants period of Service, the Participant engaged in an act 
which would have warranted termination from Service for Cause or (2) after 
termination, the Participant engaged in conduct that violates any 
continuing obligation or duty of the Participant in respect of the Company 
or any Subsidiary, such Participants rights, payments and benefits with 
respect to an Award shall be subject to cancellation, forfeiture and/or 
recoupment, as provided in Section 13.3 below.  The Company shall have the 
power to determine whether the Participant has been terminated for Cause, 
the date upon which such termination for Cause occurs, whether the 
Participant engaged in an act which would have warranted termination from 
Service for Cause or engaged in conduct that violates any continuing 
obligation or duty of the Participant in respect of the Company or any 
Subsidiary.  Any such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding 
upon the Participant.  In addition, if the Company shall reasonably 
determine that a Participant has committed or may have committed any act 
which could constitute the basis for a termination of such Participants 
employment for Cause or violates any continuing obligation or duty of the 
Participant in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary, the Company may 
suspend the Participants rights to exercise any Stock Option or Stock 
Appreciation Right, receive any payment or vest in any right with respect 
to any Award pending a determination by the Company of whether an act has 
been committed which could constitute the basis for a termination for Cause 
as provided in this Section 13.2.
 
(b)                                 Definition of Cause.  Unless otherwise 
defined in an Award Agreement, Cause shall mean:
 
(i)                                     if a Participant has an effective 
employment agreement, service agreement or other similar agreement with the 
Company or a Subsidiary that defines Cause or a like term, the meaning 
set forth in such agreement at the time of the Participants termination of 
Service; or, in the absence of such definition,
 
(ii)                                  (A) the Participants conviction of, 
or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony, or the Participants 
commission of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company or its 
affiliates; (B) the Participants willful and material breach of any
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
employment agreement between the Company or any Subsidiary and the 
Participant that is economically harmful to the Company; (C) the 
Participants willful misconduct that is economically injurious to the 
Company or its affiliates; (D) the Participants willful failure to follow 
the lawful directives of the Board; or (E) the Participants material 
failure or neglect to carry out his job functions (other than by reason of 
a physical or mental impairment), that continues after the Participant has 
been provided with specific notice of such failure or neglect, and a 
reasonable opportunity to correct the same. For purposes hereof, no act, or 
failure to act, by the Participant shall be considered willful unless 
committed in bad faith and without a reasonable belief that the act or 
omission was in the best interests of the Company or its Subsidiaries.
 
13.3                        Right of Recapture.
 
(a)                                 General.  If at any time within one (1) 
year after the date on which a Participant exercises a Stock Option or 
Stock Appreciation Right or on which a Stock Award, Restricted Stock Award 
or Restricted Stock Units vests or becomes payable or on which a Cash 
Performance Award is paid to a Participant, or on which income otherwise is 
realized by a Participant in connection with an Award, (i) a Participant 
terminates from Service for Cause or (ii) after termination of Service for 
any other reason, the Committee determines in its discretion either that, 
(1) during the Participants period of Service, the Participant engaged in 
an act which would have warranted termination from Service for Cause or (2) 
after termination, the Participant engaged in conduct that violates any 
continuing obligation or duty of the Participant in respect of the Company 
or any Subsidiary, then any gain realized by the Participant from the 
exercise, vesting, payment or other realization of income by the 
Participant in connection with an Award, shall be paid by the Participant 
to the Company upon notice from the Company, subject to applicable state 
law.  Such gain shall be determined as of the date or dates on which the 
gain is realized by the Participant, without regard to any subsequent 
change in the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock.  The Company 
shall have the right to offset such gain against any amounts otherwise owed 
to the Participant by the Company (whether as wages, vacation pay or 
pursuant to any benefit plan or other compensatory arrangement).
 
(b)                                 Accounting Restatement.  If a 
Participant receives compensation pursuant to an Award under the Plan 
(whether a Stock Option, Cash Performance Award or otherwise) based on 
financial statements that are subsequently required to be restated in a way 
that would decrease the value of such compensation, the Participant will, 
upon the written request of the Company, forfeit and repay to the Company 
the difference between what the Participant received and what the 
Participant should have received based on the accounting restatement, in 
accordance with (i) the Companys compensation recovery, clawback or 
similar policy, as may be in effect from time to time and (ii) any 
compensation recovery, clawback or similar policy made applicable by law 
including the provisions of Section 945 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street 
Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules, regulations and 
requirements adopted thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission 
and/or any national securities exchange on which the Companys equity 
securities may be listed (the Policy).  By accepting an Award hereunder, 
the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Policy shall apply to such 
Award, and all incentive-based compensation payable pursuant to such Award 
shall be subject to forfeiture and repayment pursuant to the terms of the 
Policy.  Although not required to give
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
effect to the provisions of this Section 13.3(b), the Committee may, as it 
deems appropriate, amend the Plan to reflect the terms of the Policy.
 
14.                               General Provisions.
 
14.1                        Award Agreement.  To the extent deemed 
necessary by the Committee, an Award under the Plan shall be evidenced by 
an Award Agreement in a written or electronic form approved by the 
Committee setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock or Restricted 
Stock Units subject to the Award, the exercise price, base price or 
purchase price of the Award, the time or times at which an Award will 
become vested, exercisable or payable and the term of the Award.  The Award 
Agreement may also set forth the effect on an Award of a Change in Control 
or a termination of Service under certain circumstances.  The Award 
Agreement shall be subject to and incorporate, by reference or otherwise, 
all of the applicable terms and conditions of the Plan, and may also set 
forth other terms and conditions applicable to the Award as determined by 
the Committee consistent with the limitations of the Plan.  The grant of an 
Award under the Plan shall not confer any rights upon the Participant 
holding such Award other than such terms, and subject to such conditions, 
as are specified in the Plan as being applicable to such type of Award (or 
to all Awards) or as are expressly set forth in the Award Agreement.  The 
Committee need not require the execution of an Award Agreement by a 
Participant, in which case, acceptance of the Award by the Participant 
shall constitute agreement by the Participant to the terms, conditions, 
restrictions and limitations set forth in the Plan and the Award Agreement 
as well as the administrative guidelines of the Company in effect from time 
to time.  In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan 
and any Award Agreement, the provisions of the Plan shall prevail.
 
14.2                        No Assignment or Transfer; Beneficiaries.  
Except as provided in Section 6.6 hereof or as otherwise determined by the 
Committee, Awards under the Plan shall not be assignable or transferable by 
the Participant, and shall not be subject in any manner to assignment, 
alienation, pledge, encumbrance or charge.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
in the event of the death of a Participant, except as otherwise provided by 
the Committee in an Award Agreement, an outstanding Award may be exercised 
by or shall become payable to the Participants beneficiary as designated 
by the Participant in the manner prescribed by the Committee or, in the 
absence of an authorized beneficiary designation, by the a legatee or 
legatees of such Award under the participants last will or by such 
Participants executors, personal representatives or distributees of such 
Award in accordance with the Participants will or the laws of descent and 
distribution.  The Committee may provide in the terms of an Award Agreement 
or in any other manner prescribed by the Committee that the Participant 
shall have the right to designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries who shall 
be entitled to any rights, payments or other benefits specified under an 
Award following the Participants death.
 
14.3                        Deferrals of Payment.  The Committee may in its 
discretion permit a Participant to defer the receipt of payment of cash or 
delivery of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be due to the 
Participant by virtue of the exercise of a right or the satisfaction of 
vesting or other conditions with respect to an Award; provided, however, 
that such discretion shall not apply in the case of a Stock Option or Stock 
Appreciation Right.  If any such deferral is to be permitted by the 
Committee, the Committee shall establish rules and procedures relating to 
such deferral in a manner intended to comply with the requirements of 
Section 409A of the
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Code, including, without limitation, the time when an election to defer may 
be made, the time period of the deferral and the events that would result 
in payment of the deferred amount, the interest or other earnings 
attributable to the deferral and the method of funding, if any, 
attributable to the deferred amount.
 
14.4                        No Right to Employment or Continued Service.  
Nothing in the Plan, in the grant of any Award or in any Award Agreement 
shall confer upon any Eligible Person or any Participant any right to 
continue in the Service of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or 
interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries to terminate the employment or other service relationship of 
an Eligible Person or a Participant for any reason at any time.
 
14.5                        Rights as Stockholder.  A Participant shall 
have no rights as a holder of shares of Common Stock with respect to any 
unissued securities covered by an Award until the date the Participant 
becomes the holder of record of such securities.  Except as provided in 
Section 4.5 hereof, no adjustment or other provision shall be made for 
dividends or other stockholder rights, except to the extent that the Award 
Agreement provides for dividend payments or dividend equivalent rights.  
The Committee may determine in its discretion the manner of delivery of 
Common Stock to be issued under the Plan, which may be by delivery of stock 
certificates, electronic account entry into new or existing accounts or any 
other means as the Committee, in its discretion, deems appropriate.  The 
Committee may require that the stock certificates (if any) be held in 
escrow by the Company for any shares of Common Stock or cause the shares to 
be legended in order to comply with the securities laws or other applicable 
restrictions or should the shares of Common Stock be represented by book or 
electronic account entry rather than a certificate, the Committee may take 
such steps to restrict transfer of the shares of Common Stock as the 
Committee considers necessary or advisable.
 
14.6                        Section 409A Compliance.  To the extent 
applicable, it is intended that the Plan and all Awards hereunder comply 
with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury 
Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, and that the Plan and all 
Award Agreements shall be interpreted and applied by the Committee in a 
manner consistent with this intent in order to avoid the imposition of any 
additional tax under Section 409A of the Code.  In the event that any (i) 
provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement, (ii) Award, payment, 
transaction or (iii) other action or arrangement contemplated by the 
provisions of the Plan is determined by the Committee to not comply with 
the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury 
Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, the Committee shall have 
the authority to take such actions and to make such changes to the Plan or 
an Award Agreement as the Committee deems necessary to comply with such 
requirements; provided, that no such action shall adversely affect any 
outstanding Award without the consent of the affected Participant.  No 
payment that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the 
Code that would otherwise be made under the Plan or an Award Agreement upon 
a termination of Service will be made or provided unless and until such 
termination is also a separation from service, as determined in 
accordance with Section 409A of the Code.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or 
anything elsewhere in the Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, if a 
Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A of the 
Code at the time of termination of Service with respect to an Award, then 
solely to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of any additional 
tax under Section 409A of the Code, the commencement of any
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
payments or benefits under the Award shall be deferred until the date that 
is six months following the Participants termination of Service (or such 
other period as required to comply with Section 409A).  In no event 
whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or 
penalties that may be imposed on a Participant by Section 409A of the Code 
or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code.
 
14.7                        Securities Law Compliance.  No shares of Common 
Stock will be issued or transferred pursuant to an Award unless and until 
all then applicable requirements imposed by Federal and state securities 
and other laws, rules and regulations and by any regulatory agencies having 
jurisdiction, and by any exchanges upon which the shares of Common Stock 
may be listed, have been fully met.  As a condition precedent to the 
issuance of shares pursuant to the grant or exercise of an Award, the 
Company may require the Participant to take any reasonable action to meet 
such requirements.  The Committee may impose such conditions on any shares 
of Common Stock issuable under the Plan as it may deem advisable, 
including, without limitation, restrictions under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, under the requirements of any exchange upon which such 
shares of the same class are then listed, and under any blue sky or other 
securities laws applicable to such shares.  The Committee may also require 
the Participant to represent and warrant at the time of issuance or 
transfer that the shares of Common Stock are being acquired only for 
investment purposes and without any current intention to sell or distribute 
such shares.
 
14.8                        Substitute Awards in Corporate Transactions.  
Nothing contained in the Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the 
Committee to grant Awards under the Plan in connection with the 
acquisition, whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or other corporate 
transaction, of the business or assets of any corporation or other entity.  
Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may grant Awards under the 
Plan to an employee or director of another corporation who becomes an 
Eligible Person by reason of any such corporate transaction in substitution 
for awards previously granted by such corporation or entity to such person. 
 The terms and conditions of the substitute Awards may vary from the terms 
and conditions that would otherwise be required by the Plan solely to the 
extent the Committee deems necessary for such purpose.  Any such substitute 
awards shall not reduce the number of shares of Common Stock available for 
issuance under the Plan.
 
14.9                        Tax Withholding.  The Participant shall be 
responsible for payment of any taxes or similar charges required by law to 
be paid or withheld from an Award or an amount paid in satisfaction of an 
Award.  Any required withholdings shall be paid by the Participant on or 
prior to the payment or other event that results in taxable income in 
respect of an Award.  The Award Agreement may specify the manner in which 
the withholding obligation shall be satisfied with respect to the 
particular type of Award, which may include permitting the Participant to 
elect to satisfy the withholding obligation by tendering shares of Common 
Stock to the Company or having the Company withhold a number of shares of 
Common Stock having a value equal to the minimum statutory tax or similar 
charge required to be paid or withheld.
 
14.10                 Unfunded Plan.  The adoption of the Plan and any 
reservation of shares of Stock or cash amounts by the Company to discharge 
its obligations hereunder shall not be deemed to create a trust or other 
funded arrangement.  Except upon the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to 
an Award, any rights of a Participant under the Plan shall be those of a 
general unsecured
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
creditor of the Company, and neither a Participant nor the Participants 
permitted transferees or estate shall have any other interest in any assets 
of the Company by virtue of the Plan.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Company shall have the right to implement or set aside funds in a grantor 
trust, subject to the claims of the Companys creditors or otherwise, to 
discharge its obligations under the Plan.
 
14.11                 Other Compensation and Benefit Plans.  The adoption 
of the Plan shall not affect any other share incentive or other 
compensation plans in effect for the Company or any Subsidiary, nor shall 
the Plan preclude the Company from establishing any other forms of share 
incentive or other compensation or benefit program for employees of the 
Company or any Subsidiary.  The amount of any compensation deemed to be 
received by a Participant pursuant to an Award shall not constitute 
includable compensation for purposes of determining the amount of benefits 
to which a Participant is entitled under any other compensation or benefit 
plan or program of the Company or a Subsidiary, including, without 
limitation, under any pension or severance benefits plan, except to the 
extent specifically provided by the terms of any such plan.
 
14.12                 Plan Binding on Transferees.  The Plan shall be 
binding upon the Company, its transferees and assigns, and the Participant, 
the Participants executor, administrator and permitted transferees and 
beneficiaries.
 
14.13                 Severability.  If any provision of the Plan or any 
Award Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any 
court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions hereof and 
thereof shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, 
and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction.
 
14.14                 Governing Law.  The Plan and all rights hereunder 
shall be subject to and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Delaware, without reference to the principles of conflicts of 
laws, and to applicable Federal securities laws.
 
14.15                 No Fractional Shares.  No fractional shares of Common 
Stock shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award, and 
the Committee shall determine whether cash, other securities or other 
property shall be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional shares of 
Common Stock or whether such fractional shares or any rights thereto shall 
be canceled, terminated or otherwise eliminated.
 
14.16                 No Guarantees Regarding Tax Treatment.  Neither the 
Company nor the Committee make any guarantees to any person regarding the 
tax treatment of Awards or payments made under the Plan.  Neither the 
Company nor the Committee has any obligation to take any action to prevent 
the assessment of any tax on any person with respect to any Award under 
Section 409A of the Code, Section 4999 of the Code or otherwise and neither 
the Company nor the Committee shall have any liability to a person with 
respect thereto.
 
14.17                 Data Protection.  By participating in the Plan, each 
Participant consents to the collection, processing, transmission and 
storage by the Company, its Subsidiaries and any third party administrators 
of any data of a professional or personal nature for the purposes of 
administering the Plan.
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
14.18                 Awards to Non-U.S. Employees, Non-Employee Directors 
or Consultants.  To comply with the laws in countries other than the United 
States in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates 
operates or has employees, Non-Employee Directors or consultants, the 
Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to:
 
(a)                                 Determine which Subsidiaries or 
affiliates shall be covered by the Plan;
 
(b)                                 Determine which employees, Non-Employee 
Directors or consultants outside the United States are eligible to 
participate in the Plan;
 
(c)                                  Modify the terms and conditions of any 
Award granted to employees, Non-Employee Directors or consultants outside 
the United States to comply with applicable foreign laws;
 
(d)                                 Take any action, before or after an 
Award is made, that it deems advisable to obtain approval or comply with 
any necessary local government regulatory exemptions or approvals; and
 
(e)                                  Establish subplans and modify exercise 
procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent such actions may 
be necessary or advisable.  Any subplans and modifications to Plan terms 
and procedures established under this Section 14.18 by the Committee shall 
be attached to this Plan document as appendices.
 
15.                               Term; Amendment and Termination; 
Stockholder Approval.
 
15.1                        Term.  The Plan shall be effective as of the 
effectiveness of the Form 8-A in connection with the Companys initial 
public offering (the Effective Date).  Subject to Section 15.2 hereof, 
the Plan shall terminate on December 17, 2023.
 
15.2                        Amendment and Termination.  The Board may from 
time to time and in any respect, amend, modify, suspend or terminate the 
Plan; provided, that, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination 
of the Plan shall adversely affect any Award theretofore granted without 
the consent of the Participant or the permitted transferee of the Award.  
The Board may seek the approval of any amendment, modification, suspension 
or termination by the Companys stockholders to the extent it deems 
necessary or advisable in its discretion for purposes of compliance with 
Section 162(m) or Section 422 of the Code, the listing requirements of the 
New York Stock Exchange or other exchange or securities market or for any 
other purpose.
 
15.3                        Re-Approval of Performance Criteria.  At the 
discretion of the Board, for purposes of compliance with Section 162(m) of 
the Code, the Performance Criteria (or other designated performance goals) 
shall again be subject to approval by the Companys stockholders no later 
than the 2018 Annual General Meeting of Stockholders.
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

