 EX-10.3 4 a14-23010_1ex10d3.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3
 
DERMIRA, INC.
 
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
1.                                      PURPOSE.  The purpose of this Plan 
is to provide incentives to attract, retain and motivate eligible persons 
whose present and potential contributions are important to the success of 
the Company, and any Parents and Subsidiaries that exist now or in the 
future, by offering them an opportunity to participate in the Companys 
future performance through the grant of Awards.  Capitalized terms not 
defined elsewhere in the text are defined in Section 28.
 
2.                                      SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.
 
2.1.                            Number of Shares Available.   Subject to 
Sections 2.6 and 21 and any other applicable provisions hereof, the total 
number of Shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to 
this Plan as of the date of adoption of the Plan by the Board, is 
1,896,551(1) Shares plus (a) any reserved shares not issued or subject to 
outstanding grants under the Companys 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the 
Prior Plan) on the Effective Date (as defined below), (b) shares that are 
subject to stock options or other awards granted under the Prior Plan that 
cease to be subject to such stock options or other awards by forfeiture or 
otherwise after the Effective Date, (c) shares issued under the Prior Plan 
before or after the Effective Date pursuant to the exercise of stock 
options that are, after the Effective Date, forfeited, (d) shares issued 
under the Prior Plan that are repurchased by the Company at the original 
issue price, and (e) shares that are subject to stock options or other 
awards under the Prior Plan that are used to pay the exercise price of an 
option or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to 
any award.
 
2.2.                            Lapsed, Returned Awards.  Shares subject to 
Awards, and Shares issued under the Plan under any Award, will again be 
available for grant and issuance in connection with subsequent Awards under 
this Plan to the extent such Shares:  (a) are subject to issuance upon 
exercise of an Option or SAR granted under this Plan but which cease to be 
subject to the Option or SAR for any reason other than exercise of the 
Option or SAR; (b) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that are 
forfeited or are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price; 
(c) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that otherwise terminate 
without such Shares being issued; or (d) are surrendered pursuant to an 
Exchange Program.  To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in 
cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the 
number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan.  Shares used to pay 
the exercise price of an Award or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding 
obligations related to an Award will become available for future grant or 
sale under the Plan.
 
2.3.                            Minimum Share Reserve.  At all times the 
Company shall reserve and keep available a sufficient number of Shares as 
shall be required to satisfy the requirements of all outstanding Awards 
granted under this Plan.
 
2.4.                            Automatic Share Reserve Increase.  The 
number of Shares available for grant and issuance under the Plan shall be 
increased on January 1, of each calendar year, by the lesser of (a) four 
percent (4%) of the number of Shares issued and outstanding on each 
December 31 immediately prior to the date of increase or (b) such number of 
Shares determined by the Board.
 
2.5.                            Limitations.  No more than 43,103,448 
Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs.
 
2.6.                            Adjustment of Shares.  If the number of 
outstanding Shares is changed by a stock dividend, extraordinary dividends 
or distributions (whether in cash, shares or other property, other than a 
regular cash dividend) recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, 
subdivision, combination, reclassification, spin-off or similar change in 
the capital structure of the Company, without consideration,
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  (1)         Share numbers referred to in this 2014 Equity Incentive Plan
  reflect the 5.8-to-1 reverse stock split of the Companys outstanding
  capital stock that was effected on September 18, 2014.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
then (a) the number of Shares reserved for issuance and future grant under 
the Plan set forth in Section 2.1, including shares reserved under 
sub-clauses (a)-(e) of Section 2.1, (b) the Exercise Prices of and number 
of Shares subject to outstanding Options and SARs, (c) the number of Shares 
subject to other outstanding Awards, (d) the maximum number of shares that 
may be issued as ISOs set forth in Section 2.5, (e) the maximum number of 
Shares that may be issued to an individual or to a new Employee in any one 
calendar year set forth in Section 3 and (f) the number of Shares that may 
be granted as Awards to Non-Employee Directors as set forth in Section 12, 
shall be proportionately adjusted, subject to any required action by the 
Board or the stockholders of the Company and in compliance with applicable 
securities laws; provided that fractions of a Share will not be issued.
 
3.                                      ELIGIBILITY.  ISOs may be granted 
only to Employees.  All other Awards may be granted to Employees, 
Consultants, Directors and Non-Employee Directors; provided such 
Consultants, Directors and Non-Employee Directors render bona fide services 
not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a 
capital-raising transaction.  No Participant will be eligible to receive an 
Award or Awards for more than 5,172,413 Shares in any calendar year under 
this Plan except that new Employees of the Company or of a Parent or 
Subsidiary of the Company are eligible to be granted up to a maximum of an 
Award or Awards for 10,344,827 Shares in the calendar year in which they 
commence their employment.
 
4.                                      ADMINISTRATION.
 
4.1.                            Committee Composition; Authority.  This 
Plan will be administered by the Committee or by the Board acting as the 
Committee.  Subject to the general purposes, terms and conditions of this 
Plan, and to the direction of the Board, the Committee will have full power 
to implement and carry out this Plan, except, however, the Board shall 
establish the terms for the grant of an Award to Non-Employee Directors.  
The Committee will have the authority to:
 
(a)                                 construe and interpret this Plan, any 
Award Agreement and any other agreement or document executed pursuant to 
this Plan;
 
(b)                                 prescribe, amend and rescind rules and 
regulations relating to this Plan or any Award;
 
(c)                                  select persons to receive Awards;
 
(d)                                 determine the form and terms and 
conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award 
granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited 
to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may vest and be 
exercised (which may be based on performance criteria) or settled, any 
vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, the method to 
satisfy tax withholding obligations or any other tax liability legally due 
and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares 
relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Committee will 
determine;
 
(e)                                  determine the number of Shares or 
other consideration subject to Awards;
 
(f)                                   determine the Fair Market Value in 
good faith and interpret the applicable provisions of this Plan and the 
definition of Fair Market Value in connection with circumstances that 
impact the Fair Market Value, if necessary;
 
(g)                                  determine whether Awards will be 
granted singly, in combination with, in tandem with, in replacement of, or 
as alternatives to, other Awards under this Plan or any other incentive or 
compensation plan of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the 
Company;
 
(h)                                 grant waivers of Plan or Award 
conditions;
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)                                     determine the vesting, 
exercisability and payment of Awards;
 
(j)                                    correct any defect, supply any 
omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan, any Award or any 
Award Agreement;
 
(k)                                 determine whether an Award has been 
earned;
 
(l)                                     determine the terms and conditions 
of any, and to institute any Exchange Program;
 
(m)                             reduce or waive any criteria with respect 
to Performance Factors;
 
(n)                                 adjust Performance Factors to take into 
account changes in law and accounting or tax rules as the Committee deems 
necessary or appropriate to reflect the impact of extraordinary or unusual 
items, events or circumstances to avoid windfalls or hardships provided 
that such adjustments are consistent with the regulations promulgated under 
Section 162(m) of the Code with respect to persons whose compensation is 
subject to Section 162(m) of the Code;
 
(o)                                 adopt terms and conditions, rules 
and/or procedures (including the adoption of any subplan under this Plan) 
relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to accommodate 
requirements of local law and procedures outside of the United States;
 
(p)                                 make all other determinations necessary 
or advisable for the administration of this Plan; and
 
(q)                                 delegate any of the foregoing to a 
subcommittee consisting of one or more executive officers pursuant to a 
specific delegation as permitted by applicable law, including Section 
157(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
 
4.2.                            Committee Interpretation and Discretion.  
Any determination made by the Committee with respect to any Award shall be 
made in its sole discretion at the time of grant of the Award or, unless in 
contravention of any express term of the Plan or Award, at any later time, 
and such determination shall be final and binding on the Company and all 
persons having an interest in any Award under the Plan.  Any dispute 
regarding the interpretation of the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be 
submitted by the Participant or Company to the Committee for review.  The 
resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on 
the Company and the Participant.  The Committee may delegate to one or more 
executive officers the authority to review and resolve disputes with 
respect to Awards held by Participants who are not Insiders, and such 
resolution shall be final and binding on the Company and the Participant.
 
4.3.                            Section 162(m) of the Code and Section 16 
of the Exchange Act.  When necessary or desirable for an Award to qualify 
as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code the 
Committee shall include at least two persons who are outside directors 
(as defined under Section 162(m) of the Code) and at least two (or a 
majority if more than two then serve on the Committee) such outside 
directors shall approve the grant of such Award and timely determine (as 
applicable) the Performance Period and any Performance Factors upon which 
vesting or settlement of any portion of such Award is to be subject. When 
required by Section 162(m) of the Code, prior to settlement of any such 
Award at least two (or a majority if more than two then serve on the 
Committee) such outside directors then serving on the Committee shall 
determine and certify in writing the extent to which such Performance 
Factors have been timely achieved and the extent to which the Shares 
subject to such Award have thereby been earned. Awards granted to 
Participants who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act must be 
approved by two or more non-employee directors (as defined in the 
regulations promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act).  With 
respect to Participants whose compensation is subject to Section 162(m) of 
the Code, and provided that such adjustments are consistent with the 
regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee may 
adjust the
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
performance goals to account for changes in law and accounting and to make 
such adjustments as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to reflect 
the impact of extraordinary or unusual items, events or circumstances to 
avoid windfalls or hardships, including without limitation (a) 
restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, and other 
unusual or non-recurring charges, (b) an event either not directly related 
to the operations of the Company or not within the reasonable control of 
the Companys management, or (c) a change in accounting standards required 
by generally accepted accounting principles.
 
4.4.                            Documentation.  The Award Agreement for a 
given Award, the Plan and any other documents may be delivered to, and 
accepted by, a Participant or any other person in any manner (including 
electronic distribution or posting) that meets applicable legal 
requirements.
 
4.5.                            Foreign Award Recipients.  Notwithstanding 
any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws 
and practices in other countries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries 
operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the 
Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to:  
(a) determine which Subsidiaries and Affiliates shall be covered by the 
Plan; (b) determine which individuals outside the United States are 
eligible to participate in the Plan, which may include individuals who 
provide services to the Company, Subsidiary or Affiliate under an agreement 
with a foreign nation or agency; (c) modify the terms and conditions of any 
Award granted to individuals outside the United States or foreign nationals 
to comply with applicable foreign laws, policies, customs and practices; 
(d) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and 
procedures, to the extent the Committee determines such actions to be 
necessary or advisable (and such subplans and/or modifications shall be 
attached to this Plan as appendices); provided, however, that no such 
subplans and/or modifications shall increase the share limitations 
contained in Section 2.1 hereof; and (e) take any action, before or after 
an Award is made, that the Committee determines to be necessary or 
advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental 
regulatory exemptions or approvals.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be 
granted, that would violate the Exchange Act or any other applicable United 
States securities law, the Code, or any other applicable United States 
governing statute or law.
 
5.                                      OPTIONS.  An Option is the right 
but not the obligation to purchase a Share, subject to certain conditions, 
if applicable.  The Committee may grant Options to eligible Employees, 
Consultants and Directors and will determine whether such Options will be 
Incentive Stock Options within the meaning of the Code (ISOs) or 
Nonqualified Stock Options (NSOs), the number of Shares subject to the 
Option, the Exercise Price of the Option, the period during which the 
Option may vest and be exercised, and all other terms and conditions of the 
Option, subject to the following terms of this section.
 
5.1.                            Option Grant.  Each Option granted under 
this Plan will identify the Option as an ISO or an NSO.  An Option may be, 
but need not be, awarded upon satisfaction of such Performance Factors 
during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the 
Participants individual Award Agreement.  If the Option is being earned 
upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will: (a) 
determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period 
for each Option; and (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be 
used to measure the performance, if any.  Performance Periods may overlap 
and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Options 
that are subject to different performance goals and other criteria.
 
5.2.                            Date of Grant.  The date of grant of an 
Option will be the date on which the Committee makes the determination to 
grant such Option, or a specified future date.  The Award Agreement and a 
copy of this Plan will be delivered to the Participant within a reasonable 
time after the granting of the Option.
 
5.3.                            Exercise Period.  Options may be vested and 
exercisable within the times or upon the conditions as set forth in the 
Award Agreement governing such Option; provided, however, that no Option 
will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date 
the Option is granted; and
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
provided further that no ISO granted to a person who, at the time the ISO 
is granted, directly or by attribution owns more than ten percent (10%) of 
the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or 
of any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company (Ten Percent Stockholder) will 
be exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the date the ISO 
is granted.  The Committee also may provide for Options to become 
exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise, in 
such number of Shares or percentage of Shares as the Committee determines.
 
5.4.                            Exercise Price.  The Exercise Price of an 
Option will be determined by the Committee when the Option is granted; 
provided that: (a) the Exercise Price of an Option will be not less than 
one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the 
date of grant and (b) the Exercise Price of any ISO granted to a Ten 
Percent Stockholder will not be less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of 
the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant.  Payment for the 
Shares purchased may be made in accordance with Section 11 and the Award 
Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company.
 
5.5.                            Method of Exercise.  Any Option granted 
hereunder will be vested and exercisable according to the terms of the Plan 
and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Committee 
and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a 
fraction of a Share.  An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company 
receives: (a) notice of exercise (in such form as the Committee may specify 
from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option (and/or 
via electronic execution through the authorized third party administrator), 
and (b) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is 
exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may 
consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the 
Committee and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued 
upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant. 
Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the 
books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the 
Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a 
stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the 
exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such 
Shares promptly after the Option is exercised.  No adjustment will be made 
for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the 
date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 2.6 of the Plan. 
Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares 
thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the 
Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.
 
5.6.                            Termination of Service.  If the 
Participants Service terminates for any reason except for Cause or the 
Participants death or Disability, then the Participant may exercise such 
Participants Options only to the extent that such Options would have been 
exercisable by the Participant on the date Participants Service terminates 
no later than three (3) months after the date Participants Service 
terminates (or such shorter or longer time period as may be determined by 
the Committee, with any exercise beyond three (3) months after the date 
Participants Service terminates deemed to be the exercise of an NSO), but 
in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options.
 
(a)                                 Death.  If the Participants Service 
terminates because of the Participants death (or the Participant dies 
within three (3) months after Participants Service terminates other than 
for Cause or because of the Participants Disability), then the 
Participants Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options 
would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participants 
Service terminates and must be exercised by the Participants legal 
representative, or authorized assignee, no later than twelve (12) months 
after the date Participants Service terminates (or such shorter time 
period or longer time periodas may be determined by the Committee), but in 
any event no later than the expiration date of the Options.
 
(b)                                 Disability.  If the Participants 
Service terminates because of the Participants Disability, then the 
Participants Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options 
would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participants 
Service terminates and must be exercised by the Participant (or the 
Participants legal representative or authorized assignee) no later than
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
twelve (12) months after the date Participants Service terminates (or such 
shorter or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, with 
any exercise beyond (a) three (3) months after the date Participants 
Service terminates when the termination of Service is for a Disability that 
is not a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of 
the Code, or (b) twelve (12) months after the date Participants Service 
terminates when the termination of Service is for a Disability that is a 
permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the 
Code, deemed to be exercise of an NSO), but in any event no later than the 
expiration date of the Options.
 
(c)                                  Cause.  If the Participant is 
terminated for Cause, then Participants Options shall expire on such 
Participants date of termination of Service, or at such later time and on 
such conditions as are determined by the Committee, but in any no event 
later than the expiration date of the Options.  Unless otherwise provided 
in the Award Agreement, Cause shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
 
5.7.                            Limitations on Exercise.  The Committee may 
specify a minimum number of Shares that may be purchased on any exercise of 
an Option, provided that such minimum number will not prevent any 
Participant from exercising the Option for the full number of Shares for 
which it is then exercisable.
 
5.8.                            Limitations on ISOs.  With respect to 
Awards granted as ISOs, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value 
of the Shares with respect to which such ISOs are exercisable for the first 
time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the 
Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 
($100,000), such Options will be treated as NSOs. For purposes of this 
Section 5.8, ISOs will be taken into account in the order in which they 
were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of 
the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted.  In the event 
that the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder are amended after 
the Effective Date to provide for a different limit on the Fair Market 
Value of Shares permitted to be subject to ISOs, such different limit will 
be automatically incorporated herein and will apply to any Options granted 
after the effective date of such amendment.
 
5.9.                            Modification, Extension or Renewal.  The 
Committee may modify, extend or renew outstanding Options and authorize the 
grant of new Options in substitution therefor, provided that any such 
action may not, without the written consent of a Participant, impair any of 
such Participants rights under any Option previously granted.  Any 
outstanding ISO that is modified, extended, renewed or otherwise altered 
will be treated in accordance with Section 424(h) of the Code.  Subject to 
Section 18 of this Plan, by written notice to affected Participants, the 
Committee may reduce the Exercise Price of outstanding Options without the 
consent of such Participants; provided, however, that the Exercise Price 
may not be reduced below the Fair Market Value on the date the action is 
taken to reduce the Exercise Price.
 
5.10.                     No Disqualification.  Notwithstanding any other 
provision in this Plan, no term of this Plan relating to ISOs will be 
interpreted, amended or altered, nor will any discretion or authority 
granted under this Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify this Plan under 
Section 422 of the Code or, without the consent of the Participant 
affected, to disqualify any ISO under Section 422 of the Code.
 
6.                                      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS.  A 
Restricted Stock Award is an offer by the Company to sell to an eligible 
Employee, Consultant, or Director Shares that are subject to restrictions 
(Restricted Stock).  The Committee will determine to whom an offer will 
be made, the number of Shares the Participant may purchase, the Purchase 
Price, the restrictions under which the Shares will be subject and all 
other terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award, subject to the 
Plan.
 
6.1.                            Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement.  All 
purchases under a Restricted Stock Award will be evidenced by an Award 
Agreement.  Except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, a 
Participant accepts a Restricted Stock Award by signing and delivering to 
the Company an Award Agreement with full payment of the Purchase Price, 
within thirty (30) days from the date the Award Agreement was delivered to 
the Participant.  If the Participant does not accept such Award within
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
thirty (30) days, then the offer of such Restricted Stock Award will 
terminate, unless the Committee determines otherwise.
 
6.2.                            Purchase Price.  The Purchase Price for a 
Restricted Stock Award will be determined by the Committee and may be less 
than Fair Market Value on the date the Restricted Stock Award is granted.  
Payment of the Purchase Price must be made in accordance with Section 11 of 
the Plan, and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures 
established by the Company.
 
6.3.                            Terms of Restricted Stock Awards.  
Restricted Stock Awards will be subject to such restrictions as the 
Committee may impose or are required by law.  These restrictions may be 
based on completion of a specified number of years of service with the 
Company or upon completion of Performance Factors, if any, during any 
Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participants Award 
Agreement.  Prior to the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Committee 
shall: (a) determine the nature, length and starting date of any 
Performance Period for the Restricted Stock Award; (b) select from among 
the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals, if any; 
and (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the 
Participant.  Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may 
participate simultaneously with respect to Restricted Stock Awards that are 
subject to different Performance Periods and having different performance 
goals and other criteria.
 
6.4.                            Termination of Service.  Except as may be 
set forth in the Participants Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date 
Participants Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the 
Committee).
 
7.                                      STOCK BONUS AWARDS.  A Stock Bonus 
Award is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director of 
Shares for Services to be rendered or for past Services already rendered to 
the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary.  All Stock Bonus Awards shall be 
made pursuant to an Award Agreement.  No payment from the Participant will 
be required for Shares awarded pursuant to a Stock Bonus Award.
 
7.1.                            Terms of Stock Bonus Awards.  The Committee 
will determine the number of Shares to be awarded to the Participant under 
a Stock Bonus Award and any restrictions thereon.  These restrictions may 
be based upon completion of a specified number of years of service with the 
Company or upon satisfaction of performance goals based on Performance 
Factors during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the 
Participants Stock Bonus Agreement.  Prior to the grant of any Stock Bonus 
Award the Committee shall: (a) determine the nature, length and starting 
date of any Performance Period for the Stock Bonus Award; (b) select from 
among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals; and 
(c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the Participant.  
Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate 
simultaneously with respect to Stock Bonus Awards that are subject to 
different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other 
criteria.
 
7.2.                            Form of Payment to Participant.  Payment 
may be made in the form of cash, whole Shares, or a combination thereof, 
based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares earned under a Stock Bonus 
Award on the date of payment, as determined in the sole discretion of the 
Committee.
 
7.3.                            Termination of Service.  Except as may be 
set forth in the Participants Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date 
Participants Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the 
Committee).
 
8.                                      STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS.  A Stock 
Appreciation Right (SAR) is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, 
or Director that may be settled in cash, or Shares (which may consist of 
Restricted Stock), having a value equal to (a) the difference between the 
Fair Market Value on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price 
multiplied by (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
being settled (subject to any maximum number of Shares that may be issuable 
as specified in an Award Agreement).  All SARs shall be made pursuant to an 
Award Agreement.
 
8.1.                            Terms of SARs.  The Committee will 
determine the terms of each SAR including, without limitation: (a) the 
number of Shares subject to the SAR; (b) the Exercise Price and the time or 
times during which the SAR may be settled; (c) the consideration to be 
distributed on settlement of the SAR; and (d) the effect of the 
Participants termination of Service on each SAR.  The Exercise Price of 
the SAR will be determined by the Committee when the SAR is granted, and 
may not be less than Fair Market Value.  A SAR may be awarded upon 
satisfaction of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period 
as are set out in advance in the Participants individual Award Agreement.  
If the SAR is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, 
then the Committee will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date 
of any Performance Period for each SAR; and (y) select from among the 
Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any.  
Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate 
simultaneously with respect to SARs that are subject to different 
Performance Factors and other criteria.
 
8.2.                            Exercise Period and Expiration Date.  A SAR 
will be exercisable within the times or upon the occurrence of events 
determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement governing 
such SAR.  The SAR Agreement shall set forth the expiration date; provided 
that no SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from 
the date the SAR is granted.  The Committee may also provide for SARs to 
become exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or 
otherwise (including, without limitation, upon the attainment during a 
Performance Period of performance goals based on Performance Factors), in 
such number of Shares or percentage of the Shares subject to the SAR as the 
Committee determines.  Except as may be set forth in the Participants 
Award Agreement, vesting ceases on the date Participants Service 
terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee).  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the rules of Section 5.6 also will apply to SARs.
 
8.3.                            Form of Settlement.  Upon exercise of a 
SAR, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in 
an amount determined by multiplying (a) the difference between the Fair 
Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price; 
times (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. 
At the discretion of the Committee, the payment from the Company for the 
SAR exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some 
combination thereof.  The portion of a SAR being settled may be paid 
currently or on a deferred basis with such interest or dividend equivalent, 
if any, as the Committee determines, provided that the terms of the SAR and 
any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.
 
8.4.                            Termination of Service.  Except as may be 
set forth in the Participants Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date 
Participants Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the 
Committee).
 
9.                                      RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  A 
Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) is an award to an eligible Employee, 
Consultant, or Director covering a number of Shares that may be settled in 
cash, or by issuance of those Shares (which may consist of Restricted 
Stock).  All RSUs shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement.
 
9.1.                            Terms of RSUs.  The Committee will 
determine the terms of an RSU including, without limitation: (a) the number 
of Shares subject to the RSU; (b) the time or times during which the RSU 
may be settled; (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement; and 
(d) the effect of the Participants termination of Service on each RSU.  An 
RSU may be awarded upon satisfaction of such performance goals based on 
Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance 
in the Participants Award Agreement.  If the RSU is being earned upon 
satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will: (x) determine 
the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the RSU; 
(y) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the 
performance, if any; and (z) determine the number of Shares deemed subject 
to the RSU.  Performance Periods may overlap
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and participants may participate simultaneously with respect to RSUs that 
are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance 
goals and other criteria.
 
9.2.                            Form and Timing of Settlement.  Payment of 
earned RSUs shall be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) 
determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. The 
Committee, in its sole discretion, may settle earned RSUs in cash, Shares, 
or a combination of both.  The Committee may also permit a Participant to 
defer payment under a RSU to a date or dates after the RSU is earned 
provided that the terms of the RSU and any deferral satisfy the 
requirements of Section 409A of the Code.
 
9.3.                            Termination of Service.  Except as may be 
set forth in the Participants Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date 
Participants Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the 
Committee).
 
10.                               PERFORMANCE AWARDS.  A Performance Award 
is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director of a cash 
bonus or an award of Performance Shares denominated in Shares that may be 
settled in cash, or by issuance of those Shares (which may consist of 
Restricted Stock).  Grants of Performance Awards shall be made pursuant to 
an Award Agreement.
 
10.1.                     Terms of Performance Shares.  The Committee will 
determine, and each Award Agreement shall set forth, the terms of each 
Performance Award including, without limitation: (a) the amount of any cash 
bonus, (b) the number of Shares deemed subject to an award of Performance 
Shares; (c) the Performance Factors and Performance Period that shall 
determine the time and extent to which each award of Performance Shares 
shall be settled; (d) the consideration to be distributed on settlement, 
and (e) the effect of the Participants termination of Service on each 
Performance Award.  In establishing Performance Factors and the Performance 
Period the Committee will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting 
date of any Performance Period; (y) select from among the Performance 
Factors to be used; and (z) determine the number of Shares deemed subject 
to the award of Performance Shares.  Prior to settlement the Committee 
shall determine the extent to which Performance Awards have been earned.  
Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate 
simultaneously with respect to Performance Awards that are subject to 
different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other 
criteria.  No Participant will be eligible to receive more than $10,000,000 
in Performance Awards in any calendar year under this Plan.
 
10.2.                     Value, Earning and Timing of Performance Shares.  
Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market 
Value of a Share on the date of grant.  After the applicable Performance 
Period has ended, the holder of Performance Shares will be entitled to 
receive a payout of the number of Performance Shares earned by the 
Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of 
the extent to which the corresponding Performance Factors or other vesting 
provisions have been achieved. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may 
pay earned Performance Shares in the form of cash, in Shares (which have an 
aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of the earned Performance 
Shares at the close of the applicable Performance Period) or in a 
combination thereof.
 
10.3.                     Termination of Service.  Except as may be set 
forth in the Participants Award Agreement, vesting ceases on the date 
Participants Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the 
Committee).
 
11.                               PAYMENT FOR SHARE PURCHASES.  Payment 
from a Participant for Shares purchased pursuant to this Plan may be made 
in cash or by check or, where expressly approved for the Participant by the 
Committee and where permitted by law (and to the extent not otherwise set 
forth in the applicable Award Agreement):
 
(a)                                 by cancellation of indebtedness of the 
Company to the Participant;
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 by surrender of shares of the Company 
held by the Participant that have a Fair Market Value on the date of 
surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which 
said Award will be exercised or settled;
 
(c)                                  by waiver of compensation due or 
accrued to the Participant for services rendered or to be rendered to the 
Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company;
 
(d)                                 by consideration received by the 
Company pursuant to a broker-assisted or other form of cashless exercise 
program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan;
 
(e)                                  by any combination of the foregoing; 
or
 
(f)                                   by any other method of payment as is 
permitted by applicable law.
 
12.                               GRANTS TO NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS. 
Non-Employee Directors are eligible to receive any type of Award offered 
under this Plan except ISOs.  Awards pursuant to this Section 12 may be 
automatically made pursuant to policy adopted by the Board, or made from 
time to time as determined in the discretion of the Board.  The aggregate 
number of Shares subject to Awards granted to a Non-Employee Director 
pursuant to this Section 12 in any calendar year shall not exceed 172,413; 
provided, however, that this maximum number can later be increased by the 
Board effective for the calendar year next commencing thereafter without 
further stockholder approval.
 
12.1.                     Eligibility.  Awards pursuant to this Section 12 
shall be granted only to Non-Employee Directors.  A Non-Employee Director 
who is elected or re-elected as a member of the Board will be eligible to 
receive an Award under this Section 12.
 
12.2.                     Vesting, Exercisability and Settlement.  Except 
as set forth in Section 21, Awards shall vest, become exercisable and be 
settled as determined by the Board.  With respect to Options and SARs, the 
exercise price granted to Non-Employee Directors shall not be less than the 
Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time that such Option or SAR is 
granted.
 
12.3.                     Election to receive Awards in Lieu of Cash.  A 
Non-Employee Director may elect to receive his or her annual retainer 
payments and/or meeting fees from the Company in the form of cash or Awards 
or a combination thereof, as determined by the Committee.  Such Awards 
shall be issued under the Plan.  An election under this Section 12.3 shall 
be filed with the Company on the form prescribed by the Company.
 
13.                               WITHHOLDING TAXES.
 
13.1.                     Withholding Generally.  Whenever Shares are to be 
issued in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan or the applicable 
tax event occurs, the Company may require the Participant to remit to the 
Company, or to the Parent or Subsidiary employing the Participant, an 
amount sufficient to satisfy applicable U.S. federal, state, local and 
international withholding tax requirements or any other tax or social 
insurance liability legally due from the Participant prior to the delivery 
of Shares pursuant to exercise or settlement of any Award.  Whenever 
payments in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan are to be made 
in cash, such payment will be net of an amount sufficient to satisfy 
applicable U.S. federal, state, local and international withholding tax or 
social insurance requirements or any other tax liability legally due from 
the Participant.  The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as 
of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld and such Shares will 
be valued based on the value of the actual trade or, if there is none, the 
Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the previous trading day.
 
13.2.                     Stock Withholding.  The Committee, or its 
delegate(s), as permitted by applicable law, in its sole discretion and 
pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time and to 
limitations of local law, may require or permit a Participant to satisfy 
such tax withholding obligation or any other
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
tax liability legally due from the Participant, in whole or in part by 
(without limitation) (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the Company 
withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair Market Value 
equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld, (c) 
delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair Market Value 
equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld or (d) withholding from 
the proceeds of the sale of otherwise deliverable Shares acquired pursuant 
to an Award either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale 
arranged by the Company.
 
14.                               TRANSFERABILITY.
 
14.1.                     Transfer Generally.  Unless determined otherwise 
by the Committee or pursuant to Section 14.2, an Award may not be sold, 
pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner 
other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution.  If the 
Committee makes an Award transferable, including, without limitation, by 
instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in which the Awards are 
to be passed to beneficiaries upon the death of the trustor (settlor) or by 
gift or by domestic relations order to a Permitted Transferee, such Award 
will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Committee deems 
appropriate.  All Awards shall be exercisable: (a) during the Participants 
lifetime only by (i) the Participant, or (ii) the Participants guardian or 
legal representative; (b) after the Participants death, by the legal 
representative of the Participants heirs or legatees; and (c) in the case 
of all awards except ISOs, by a Permitted Transferee.
 
14.2.                     Award Transfer Program.  Notwithstanding any 
contrary provision of the Plan, the Committee shall have all discretion and 
authority to determine and implement the terms and conditions of any Award 
Transfer Program instituted pursuant to this Section 14.2 and shall have 
the authority to amend the terms of any Award participating, or otherwise 
eligible to participate in, the Award Transfer Program, including (but not 
limited to) the authority to (a) amend (including to extend) the expiration 
date, post-termination exercise period and/or forfeiture conditions of any 
such Award, (b) amend or remove any provisions of the Award relating to the 
Award holders continued service to the Company or its Parent or any 
Subsidiary, (c) amend the permissible payment methods with respect to the 
exercise or purchase of any such Award, (d) amend the adjustments to be 
implemented in the event of changes in the capitalization and other similar 
events with respect to such Award, and (e) make such other changes to the 
terms of such Award as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate in its 
sole discretion.
 
15.                               PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP; 
RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES.
 
15.1.                     Voting and Dividends.  No Participant will have 
any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the 
Shares are issued to the Participant, except for any Dividend Equivalent 
Rights permitted by an applicable Award Agreement. Any Dividend Equivalent 
Rights shall be subject to the same vesting or performance conditions as 
the underlying Award.  In addition, the Committee may provide that any 
Dividend Equivalent Rights permitted by an applicable Award Agreement shall 
be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or otherwise 
reinvested. After Shares are issued to the Participant, the Participant 
will be a stockholder and have all the rights of a stockholder with respect 
to such Shares, including the right to vote and receive all dividends or 
other distributions made or paid with respect to such Shares; provided, 
that if such Shares are Restricted Stock, then any new, additional or 
different securities the Participant may become entitled to receive with 
respect to such Shares by virtue of a stock dividend, stock split or any 
other change in the corporate or capital structure of the Company will be 
subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock; provided, 
further, that the Participant will have no right to retain such stock 
dividends or stock distributions with respect to Shares that are 
repurchased at the Participants Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the 
case may be, pursuant to Section 15.2.
 
15.2.                     Restrictions on Shares.  At the discretion of the 
Committee, the Company may reserve to itself and/or its assignee(s) a right 
to repurchase (a Right of Repurchase) a portion of any or all Unvested 
Shares held by a Participant following such Participants termination of 
Service at any time within ninety (90) days (or such longer or shorter time 
determined by the Committee) after the later of the date Participants 
Service terminates and the date the Participant purchases Shares under this 
Plan, for
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
cash and/or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness, at the 
Participants Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the case may be.
 
16.                               CERTIFICATES.  All Shares or other 
securities whether or not certificated, delivered under this Plan will be 
subject to such stock transfer orders, legends and other restrictions as 
the Committee may deem necessary or advisable, including restrictions under 
any applicable U.S. federal, state or foreign securities law, or any rules, 
regulations and other requirements of the SEC or any stock exchange or 
automated quotation system upon which the Shares may be listed or quoted 
and any non-U.S. exchange controls or securities law restrictions to which 
the Shares are subject.
 
17.                               ESCROW; PLEDGE OF SHARES.  To enforce any 
restrictions on a Participants Shares, the Committee may require the 
Participant to deposit all certificates representing Shares, together with 
stock powers or other instruments of transfer approved by the Committee, 
appropriately endorsed in blank, with the Company or an agent designated by 
the Company to hold in escrow until such restrictions have lapsed or 
terminated, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends referencing 
such restrictions to be placed on the certificates.  Any Participant who is 
permitted to execute a promissory note as partial or full consideration for 
the purchase of Shares under this Plan will be required to pledge and 
deposit with the Company all or part of the Shares so purchased as 
collateral to secure the payment of the Participants obligation to the 
Company under the promissory note; provided, however, that the Committee 
may require or accept other or additional forms of collateral to secure the 
payment of such obligation and, in any event, the Company will have full 
recourse against the Participant under the promissory note notwithstanding 
any pledge of the Participants Shares or other collateral.  In connection 
with any pledge of the Shares, the Participant will be required to execute 
and deliver a written pledge agreement in such form as the Committee will 
from time to time approve.  The Shares purchased with the promissory note 
may be released from the pledge on a pro rata basis as the promissory note 
is paid.
 
18.                               REPRICING; EXCHANGE AND BUYOUT OF AWARDS
.  Without prior stockholder approval the Committee may (a) reprice Options 
or SARs (and where such repricing is a reduction in the Exercise Price of 
outstanding Options or SARs, the consent of the affected Participants is 
not required provided written notice is provided to them, notwithstanding 
any adverse tax consequences to them arising from the repricing), and (b) 
with the consent of the respective Participants (unless not required 
pursuant to Section 5.9 of the Plan), pay cash or issue new Awards in 
exchange for the surrender and cancellation of any, or all, outstanding 
Awards.
 
19.                               SECURITIES LAW AND OTHER REGULATORY 
COMPLIANCE.  An Award will not be effective unless such Award is in 
compliance with all applicable U.S. and foreign federal and state 
securities and exchange control laws, rules and regulations of any 
governmental body, and the requirements of any stock exchange or automated 
quotation system upon which the Shares may then be listed or quoted, as 
they are in effect on the date of grant of the Award and also on the date 
of exercise or other issuance.  Notwithstanding any other provision in this 
Plan, the Company will have no obligation to issue or deliver certificates 
for Shares under this Plan prior to: (a) obtaining any approvals from 
governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary or 
advisable; and/or (b) completion of any registration or other qualification 
of such Shares under any state or federal or foreign law or ruling of any 
governmental body that the Company determines to be necessary or advisable. 
 The Company will be under no obligation to register the Shares with the 
SEC or to effect compliance with the registration, qualification or listing 
requirements of any foreign or state securities laws, exchange control 
laws, stock exchange or automated quotation system, and the Company will 
have no liability for any inability or failure to do so.
 
20.                               NO OBLIGATION TO EMPLOY.  Nothing in this 
Plan or any Award granted under this Plan will confer or be deemed to 
confer on any Participant any right to continue in the employ of, or to 
continue any other relationship with, the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary 
or Affiliate or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Parent, 
Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate Participants employment or other 
relationship at any time.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
21.                               CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS.
 
21.1.                     Assumption or Replacement of Awards by Successor
.  In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any or all outstanding Awards 
may be assumed or replaced by the successor corporation, which assumption 
or replacement shall be binding on all Participants.  In the alternative, 
the successor corporation may substitute equivalent Awards or provide 
substantially similar consideration to Participants as was provided to 
stockholders (after taking into account the existing provisions of the 
Awards).  The successor corporation may also issue, in place of outstanding 
Shares of the Company held by the Participant, substantially similar shares 
or other property subject to repurchase restrictions no less favorable to 
the Participant.  In the event such successor or acquiring corporation (if 
any) refuses to assume, convert, replace or substitute Awards, as provided 
above, pursuant to a Corporate Transaction, then notwithstanding any other 
provision in this Plan to the contrary, such Awards shall have their 
vesting accelerate as to all shares subject to such Award (and any 
applicable right of repurchase fully lapse) immediately prior to the 
Corporate Transaction.  In addition, in the event such successor or 
acquiring corporation (if any) refuses to assume, convert, replace or 
substitute Awards, as provided above, pursuant to a Corporate Transaction, 
the Committee will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that 
such Award will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the 
Committee in its sole discretion, and such Award will terminate upon the 
expiration of such period.  Awards need not be treated similarly in a 
Corporate Transaction.
 
21.2.                     Assumption of Awards by the Company.  The 
Company, from time to time, also may substitute or assume outstanding 
awards granted by another company, whether in connection with an 
acquisition of such other company or otherwise, by either; (a) granting an 
Award under this Plan in substitution of such other companys award; or (b) 
assuming such award as if it had been granted under this Plan if the terms 
of such assumed award could be applied to an Award granted under this Plan. 
 Such substitution or assumption will be permissible if the holder of the 
substituted or assumed award would have been eligible to be granted an 
Award under this Plan if the other company had applied the rules of this 
Plan to such grant.  In the event the Company assumes an award granted by 
another company, the terms and conditions of such award will remain 
unchanged (except that the Purchase Price or the Exercise Price, as the 
case may be, and the number and nature of Shares issuable upon exercise or 
settlement of any such Award will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to 
Section 424(a) of the Code).  In the event the Company elects to grant a 
new Option in substitution rather than assuming an existing option, such 
new Option may be granted with a similarly adjusted Exercise Price.
 
21.3.                     Non-Employee Directors Awards.  Notwithstanding 
any provision to the contrary herein, in the event of a Corporate 
Transaction, the vesting of all Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors 
shall accelerate and such Awards shall become exercisable (as applicable) 
in full prior to the consummation of such event at such times and on such 
conditions as the Committee determines.
 
22.                               ADOPTION AND STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL.  This 
Plan shall be submitted for the approval of the Companys stockholders, 
consistent with applicable laws, within twelve (12) months before or after 
the date this Plan is adopted by the Board.
 
23.                               TERM OF PLAN/GOVERNING LAW.  Unless 
earlier terminated as provided herein, this Plan will become effective on 
the Effective Date and will terminate ten (10) years from the date this 
Plan is adopted by the Board.  This Plan and all Awards granted hereunder 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of California (excluding its conflict of law rules).
 
24.                               AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN.  The 
Board may at any time terminate or amend this Plan in any respect, 
including, without limitation, amendment of any form of Award Agreement or 
instrument to be executed pursuant to this Plan; provided, however, that 
the Board will not, without the approval of the stockholders of the 
Company, amend this Plan in any manner that requires
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
such stockholder approval; provided further, that a Participants Award 
shall be governed by the version of this Plan then in effect at the time 
such Award was granted.
 
25.                               NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN.  Neither the 
adoption of this Plan by the Board, the submission of this Plan to the 
stockholders of the Company for approval, nor any provision of this Plan 
will be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to 
adopt such additional compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable, 
including, without limitation, the granting of stock awards and bonuses 
otherwise than under this Plan, and such arrangements may be either 
generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases.
 
26.                               INSIDER TRADING POLICY.  Each Participant 
who receives an Award shall comply with any policy adopted by the Company 
from time to time covering transactions in the Companys securities by 
Employees, officers and/or directors of the Company.
 
27.                               ALL AWARDS SUBJECT TO COMPANY CLAWBACK OR 
RECOUPMENT POLICY.   All Awards, subject to applicable law, shall be 
subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or 
recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term 
of Participants employment or other service with the Company that is 
applicable to executive officers, employees, directors or other service 
providers of the Company, and in addition to any other remedies available 
under such policy and applicable law, may require the cancellation of 
outstanding Awards and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to 
Awards.
 
28.                               DEFINITIONS.  As used in this Plan, and 
except as elsewhere defined herein, the following terms will have the 
following meanings:
 
28.1.                     Affiliate means (i) any entity that, directly 
or indirectly, is controlled by, controls or is under common control with, 
the Company and (ii) any entity in which the Company has a significant 
equity interest, in either case as determined by the Committee, whether now 
or hereafter existing.
 
28.2.                     Award means any award under the Plan, including 
any Option, Restricted Stock, Stock Bonus, Stock Appreciation Right, 
Restricted Stock Unit or award of Performance Shares.
 
28.3.                     Award Agreement means, with respect to each 
Award, the written or electronic agreement between the Company and the 
Participant setting forth the terms and conditions of the Award, and 
country-specific appendix thereto for grants to non-U.S. Participants, 
which shall be in substantially a form (which need not be the same for each 
Participant) that the Committee (or in the case of Award agreements that 
are not used for Insiders, the Committees delegate(s)) has from time to 
time approved, and will comply with and be subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Plan.
 
28.4.                     Award Transfer Program means any program 
instituted by the Committee which would permit Participants the opportunity 
to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other 
person or entity approved by the Committee.
 
28.5.                     Board means the Board of Directors of the 
Company.
 
28.6.                     Cause means termination of Service because of 
(a) any willful, material violation by the Participant of any law or 
regulation applicable to the business of the Company or a Parent, 
Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, the Participants conviction for, 
or guilty plea to, a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, or any 
willful perpetration by the Participant of a common law fraud, (b) the 
Participants commission of an act of personal dishonesty which involves 
personal profit in connection with the Company or any other entity having a 
business relationship with the Company, (c) any material breach by the 
Participant of any provision of any agreement or understanding between the 
Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company and the 
Participant regarding the terms of the Participants Service, including 
without limitation, the willful and continued failure or refusal of the
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Participant to perform the material duties required of such Participant as 
an Employee, Officer, Director, Non-Employee Director or Consultant of the 
Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, other than as 
a result of having a Disability, or a breach of any applicable invention 
assignment and confidentiality agreement or similar agreement between the 
Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company and the 
Participant, (d) Participants disregard of the policies of the Company or 
any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company so as to cause loss, 
damage or injury to the property, reputation or employees of the Company or 
a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, or (e) any other 
misconduct by the Participant which is materially injurious to the 
financial condition or business reputation of, or is otherwise materially 
injurious to, the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the 
Company. The determination as to whether a Participant is being terminated 
for Cause shall be made in good faith by the Company and shall be final and 
binding on the Participant.  The foregoing definition does not in any way 
limit the Companys ability to terminate a Participants employment or 
consulting relationship at any time as provided in Section 20 above, and 
the term Company will be interpreted to include any Affiliate, Subsidiary 
or Parent, as appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the foregoing 
definition of Cause may, in part or in whole, be modified or replaced in 
each individual employment agreement or Award Agreement with any 
Participant, provided that such document supersedes the definition provided 
in this Section 28.6.
 
28.7.                     Code means the United States Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
28.8.                     Committee means the Compensation Committee of 
the Board or those persons to whom administration of the Plan, or part of 
the Plan, has been delegated as permitted by law.
 
28.9.                     Common Stock means the common stock of the 
Company.
 
28.10.              Company means Dermira, Inc., or any successor 
corporation.
 
28.11.              Consultant means any natural person, including an 
advisor or independent contractor, engaged by the Company or a Parent, 
Subsidiary or Affiliate to render services to such entity.
 
28.12.              Corporate Transaction means the occurrence of any of 
the following events: (a) any Person (as such term is used in Sections 
13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as 
defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 
securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
total voting power represented by the Companys then-outstanding voting 
securities; provided, however, that for purposes of this subclause (a) the 
acquisition of additional securities by any one Person who is considered to 
own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the 
securities of the Company will not be considered a Corporate Transaction; 
(b) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or 
substantially all of the Companys assets; (c) the consummation of a merger 
or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a 
merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the 
Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent 
(either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting 
securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent 
(50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the 
Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately 
after such merger or consolidation; (d) any other transaction which 
qualifies as a corporate transaction under Section 424(a) of the Code 
wherein the stockholders of the Company give up all of their equity 
interest in the Company (except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of 
all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of the Company) or (e) a 
change in the effective control of the Company that occurs on the date that 
a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month 
period by member of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed 
by as majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the 
appointment or election.  For purpose of this subclause (e), if any Person 
is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of 
additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered 
a Corporate Transaction.  For purposes of this definition, Persons will be 
considered to be acting as a
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, 
consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business 
transaction with the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent 
that any amount constituting deferred compensation (as defined in Section 
409A of the Code) would become payable under this Plan by reason of a 
Corporate Transaction, such amount shall become payable only if the event 
constituting a Corporate Transaction would also qualify as a change in 
ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership 
of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, each as defined 
within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended 
from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and IRS 
guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from 
time to time.
 
28.13.              Director means a member of the Board.
 
28.14.              Disability means in the case of incentive stock 
options, total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of 
the Code and in the case of other Awards, that the Participant is unable to 
engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically 
determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result 
in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less 
than 12 months.
 
28.15.              Dividend Equivalent Right means the right of a 
Participant, granted at the discretion of the Committee or as otherwise 
provided by the Plan, to receive a credit for the account of such 
Participant in an amount equal to the cash, stock or other property 
dividends in amounts equal equivalent to cash, stock or other property 
dividends for each Share represented by an Award held by such Participant.
 
28.16.              Effective Date means the day immediately prior to the 
date of the IPO.
 
28.17.              Employee means any person, including Officers and 
Directors, providing services as an employee to the Company or any Parent, 
Subsidiary or Affiliate. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a 
directors fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute employment 
by the Company.
 
28.18.              Exchange Act means the United States Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
28.19.              Exchange Program means a program pursuant to which 
(a) outstanding Awards are surrendered, cancelled or exchanged for cash, 
the same type of Award or a different Award (or combination thereof) or (b) 
the exercise price of an outstanding Award is increased or reduced.
 
28.20.              Exercise Price means, with respect to an Option, the 
price at which a holder may purchase the Shares issuable upon exercise of 
an Option and with respect to a SAR, the price at which the SAR is granted 
to the holder thereof.
 
28.21.              Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of 
a share of the Companys Common Stock determined as follows:
 
(a)                                 if such Common Stock is publicly traded 
and is then listed on a national securities exchange, its closing price on 
the date of determination on the principal national securities exchange on 
which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as reported in The 
Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable;
 
(b)                                 if such Common Stock is publicly traded 
but is neither listed nor admitted to trading on a national securities 
exchange, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on the date of 
determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source 
as the Committee deems reliable;
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)                                  in the case of an Option or SAR grant 
made on the Effective Date, the price per share at which shares of the 
Companys Common Stock are initially offered for sale to the public by the 
Companys underwriters in the initial public offering of the Companys 
Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC under 
the Securities Act; or
 
(d)                                 if none of the foregoing is applicable, 
by the Board or the Committee in good faith.
 
28.22.              Insider means an officer or director of the Company 
or any other person whose transactions in the Companys Common Stock are 
subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
 
28.23.              IPO means the underwritten initial public offering of 
the Companys Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement that is 
declared effective by the SEC
 
28.24.              IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
 
28.25.              Non-Employee Director means a Director who is not an 
Employee of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary.
 
28.26.              Option means an award of an option to purchase Shares 
pursuant to Section 5.
 
28.27.              Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) 
in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of 
such corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing fifty 
percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of 
stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.
 
28.28.              Participant means a person who holds an Award under 
this Plan.
 
28.29.              Performance Award means cash or stock granted 
pursuant to Section 10 or Section 12 of the Plan.
 
28.30.              Performance Factors means any of the factors selected 
by the Committee and specified in an Award Agreement, from among the 
following objective measures, either individually, alternatively or in any 
combination, applied to the Company as a whole or any business unit or 
Subsidiary, either individually, alternatively, or in any combination, on a 
GAAP or non-GAAP basis, and measured, to the extent applicable on an 
absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to determine 
whether the performance goals established by the Committee with respect to 
applicable Awards have been satisfied:
 
(a)                                 Profit before tax;
 
(b)                                 Billings;
 
(c)                                  Revenue;
 
(d)                                 Net revenue;
 
(e)                                  Earnings (which may include earnings 
before interest and taxes, earnings before taxes, and net earnings);
 
(f)                                   Operating income;
 
(g)                                  Operating margin;
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(h)                                 Operating profit;
 
(i)                                     Controllable operating profit, or 
net operating profit;
 
(j)                                    Net profit;
 
(k)                                 Gross margin;
 
(l)                                     Operating expenses or operating 
expenses as a percentage of revenue;
 
(m)                             Net income;
 
(n)                                 Earnings per share;
 
(o)                                 Total stockholder return;
 
(p)                                 Market share;
 
(q)                                 Return on assets or net assets;
 
(r)                                    The Companys stock price;
 
(s)                                   Growth in stockholder value relative 
to a pre-determined index;
 
(t)                                    Return on equity;
 
(u)                                 Return on invested capital;
 
(v)                                 Cash Flow (including free cash flow or 
operating cash flows)
 
(w)                               Cash conversion cycle;
 
(x)                                 Economic value added;
 
(y)                                 Individual confidential business 
objectives;
 
(z)                                  Contract awards or backlog;
 
(aa)                          Overhead or other expense reduction;
 
(bb)                          Credit rating;
 
(cc)                            Strategic plan development and 
implementation;
 
(dd)                          Succession plan development and 
implementation;
 
(ee)                            Improvement in workforce diversity;
 
(ff)                              Customer indicators;
 
(gg)                            New product invention or innovation;
 
(hh)                          Attainment of research and development 
milestones;
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(ii)                                  Improvements in productivity;
 
(jj)                                Bookings;
 
(kk)                          Attainment of objective operating goals and 
employee metrics; and
 
(ll)                                  (Any other metric that is capable of 
measurement as determined by the Committee.
 
The Committee may, in recognition of unusual or non-recurring items such as 
acquisition-related activities or changes in applicable accounting rules, 
provide for one or more equitable adjustments (based on objective 
standards) to the Performance Factors to preserve the Committees original 
intent regarding the Performance Factors at the time of the initial award 
grant. It is within the sole discretion of the Committee to make or not 
make any such equitable adjustments.
 
28.31.              Performance Period means the period of service 
determined by the Committee, not to exceed five (5) years, during which 
years of service or performance is to be measured for the Award.
 
28.32.              Performance Share means an Award granted pursuant to 
Section 10 or Section 12 of the Plan.
 
28.33.              Permitted Transferee means any child, stepchild, 
grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, 
sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, 
daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law (including adoptive 
relationships) of the Employee, any person sharing the Employees household 
(other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons (or the 
Employee) have more than 50% of the beneficial interest, a foundation in 
which these persons (or the Employee) control the management of assets, and 
any other entity in which these persons (or the Employee) own more than 50% 
of the voting interests.
 
28.34.              Plan means this Dermira, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive 
Plan.
 
28.35.              Purchase Price means the price to be paid for Shares 
acquired under the Plan, other than Shares acquired upon exercise of an 
Option or SAR.
 
28.36.              Restricted Stock Award means an award of Shares 
pursuant to Section 6 or Section 12 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the 
early exercise of an Option.
 
28.37.              Restricted Stock Unit means an Award granted pursuant 
to Section 9 or Section 12 of the Plan.
 
28.38.              SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
 
28.39.              Securities Act means the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended.
 
28.40.              Service shall mean service as an Employee, 
Consultant, Director or Non-Employee Director, to the Company or a Parent, 
Subsidiary or Affiliate, subject to such further limitations as may be set 
forth in the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement.  An Employee will not 
be deemed to have ceased to provide Service in the case of (a) sick leave, 
(b) military leave, or (c) any other leave of absence approved by the 
Company; provided, that such leave is for a period of not more than 90 days 
(x) unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by 
contract or statute, or (y) unless provided otherwise pursuant to formal 
policy adopted from time to time by the Company and issued and promulgated 
to employees in writing.  In the case of any Employee on an approved leave 
of absence or a reduction in hours worked (for illustrative purposes only, 
a change in schedule from that of full-time to
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
part-time), the Committee may make such provisions respecting suspension of 
or modification of vesting of the Award while on leave from the employ of 
the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate or during such change in 
working hours as it may deem appropriate, except that in no event may an 
Award be exercised after the expiration of the term set forth in the 
applicable Award Agreement.  In the event of military leave, if required by 
applicable laws, vesting shall continue for the longest period that vesting 
continues under any other statutory or Company approved leave of absence 
and, upon a Participants returning from military leave (under conditions 
that would entitle him or her to protection upon such return under the 
Uniform Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act), he or she shall 
be given vesting credit with respect to Awards to the same extent as would 
have applied had the Participant continued to provide services to the 
Company throughout the leave on the same terms as he or she was providing 
services immediately prior to such leave.  An employee shall have 
terminated employment as of the date he or she ceases provide services 
(regardless of whether the termination is in breach of local employment 
laws or is later found to be invalid) and employment shall not be extended 
by any notice period or garden leave mandated by local law, provided 
however, that a change in status from an employee to a consultant or 
advisor shall not terminate the service providers Service, unless 
determined by the Committee, in its discretion.  The Committee will have 
sole discretion to determine whether a Participant has ceased to provide 
Services and the effective date on which the Participant ceased to provide 
Services.
 
28.41.              Shares means shares of the Companys Common Stock and 
the common stock of any successor entity.
 
28.42.              Stock Appreciation Right means an Award granted 
pursuant to Section 8 or Section 12 of the Plan.
 
28.43.              Stock Bonus means an Award granted pursuant to 
Section 7 or Section 12 of the Plan.
 
28.44.              Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the 
Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if 
each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken 
chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other 
corporations in such chain.
 
28.45.              Treasury Regulations means regulations promulgated by 
the United States Treasury Department.
 
28.46.              Unvested Shares means Shares that have not yet vested 
or are subject to a right of repurchase in favor of the Company (or any 
successor thereto).
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Dermira, Inc. 
(the Company) 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) shall have the same 
meanings in this Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice of Grant) and 
the attached Stock Option Agreement (the Option Agreement). You have been 
granted an Option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company under 
the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice of 
Grant and the attached Option Agreement.
 
Name:
 
Address:
 
 
 Date of Grant:
  
 Vesting Commencement Date:
  
 Exercise price per Share:
  
 Total Number of Shares:
  
 Type of Option:
o Non-Qualified Stock Option
  
 
  
o Incentive Stock Option
  
 
 Expiration Date:
                    , 20    ; This Option expires earlier if your Service 
terminates earlier, as described in the Stock Option Agreement.
  
 
 Vesting Schedule:
[INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE].
  
 
 Additional Terms:
¨      If this box is checked, the additional terms and conditions set 
forth on Attachment 1 hereto (as executed by the Company) are applicable 
and are incorporated herein by reference. No document need be attached as 
Attachment 1 if the box is not checked.
                
By accepting this Option, you and the Company agree that this Option is 
granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the 
Notice of Grant and the Option Agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that 
the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event that your 
Service status changes between full and part-time status in accordance with 
Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of awards.  You 
further acknowledge that the grant of this Option by the Company is at the 
Companys sole discretion, and does not entitle you to further grant(s) of 
Option(s) or any other award(s) under the Plan or any other plan or program 
maintained by the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the 
Company.  By accepting this Option, you consent to electronic delivery as 
set forth in the Option Agreement.
 
 PARTICIPANT:
DERMIRA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Print Name:
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
 
DERMIRA, INC. 2014
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
You have been granted an Option by Dermira, Inc. (the Company) under the 
2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) to purchase Shares (the Option), 
subject to the terms, restrictions and conditions of the Plan, the Notice 
of Stock Option Grant (the Notice of Grant) and this Stock Option 
Agreement (the Agreement).
 
1.                                      Grant of Option.  You have been 
granted an Option for the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant 
at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the 
exercise price).  In the event of a conflict between the terms and 
conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the 
terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.  If designated in the 
Notice of Grant as an Incentive Stock Option (ISO), this Option is 
intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the 
Code.  However, if this Option is intended to be an ISO, to the extent that 
it exceeds the $100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d), it shall be treated as 
a Nonqualified Stock Option (NSO).
 
2.                                      Termination Period.
 
(a)                                 General Rule.  If your Service 
terminates for any reason except death or Disability, and other than for 
Cause, then this Option will expire at the close of business at Company 
headquarters on the date three (3) months after your termination of Service 
(subject to the expiration detailed in Section 6).  If your Service is 
terminated for Cause, this Option will expire upon the date of such 
termination. The Company determines when your Service terminates for all 
purposes under this Agreement.
 
(b)                                 Death; Disability.  If you die before 
your Service terminates (or you die within three months of your termination 
of Service other than for Cause), then this Option will expire at the close 
of business at Company headquarters on the date twelve (12) months after 
the date of death (subject to the expiration detailed in Section 6).  If 
your Service terminates because of your Disability, then this Option will 
expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date twelve 
(12) months after your termination date (subject to the expiration detailed 
in Section 6).
 
(c)                                  No Notice.  You are responsible for 
keeping track of these exercise periods following your termination of 
Service for any reason.  The Company will not provide further notice of 
such periods.  In no event shall this Option be exercised later than the 
Expiration Date set forth in the Notice of Grant.
 
3.                                      Exercise of Option.
 
(a)                                 Right to Exercise.  This Option is 
exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set 
forth in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and 
this Agreement.  In the event of your death, Disability, or other cessation 
of Service, the exercisability of the Option is governed by the applicable 
provisions of the Plan, the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.  This 
Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.
 
(b)                                 Method of Exercise.  This Option is 
exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice in a form specified by the 
Company (the Exercise Notice), which shall state the election to exercise 
the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being 
exercised (the Exercised Shares), and such other representations and 
agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of 
the Plan.  The Exercise Notice shall be delivered in person, by mail, via 
electronic mail or facsimile or by other authorized method to the Secretary 
of the Company or other person designated by the Company.  The Exercise 
Notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate exercise price as
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
to all Exercised Shares.  This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon 
receipt by the Company of a fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by 
the aggregate exercise price and any applicable tax withholding due upon 
exercise of the Option.
 
(c)                                  Exercise by Another.  If another 
person wants to exercise this Option after it has been transferred to him 
or her in compliance with this Agreement, that person must prove to the 
Companys satisfaction that he or she is entitled to exercise this Option.  
That person must also complete the proper Exercise Notice form (as 
described above) and pay the exercise price (as described below) and any 
applicable tax withholding due upon exercise of the Option (as described 
below).
 
4.                                      Method of Payment.  Payment of the 
aggregate exercise price shall be by any of the following, or a combination 
thereof, at your election:
 
(a)                                 your personal check, wire transfer, or 
a cashiers check;
 
(b)                                 certificates for shares of Company 
stock that you own, along with any forms needed to effect a transfer of 
those shares to the Company; the value of the shares, determined as of the 
effective date of the Option exercise, will be applied to the Option 
exercise price.  Instead of surrendering shares of Company stock, you may 
attest to the ownership of those shares on a form provided by the Company 
and have the same number of shares subtracted from the Option shares issued 
to you.  However, you may not surrender, or attest to the ownership of, 
shares of Company stock in payment of the exercise price of your Option if 
your action would cause the Company to recognize compensation expense (or 
additional compensation expense) with respect to this Option for financial 
reporting purposes;
 
(c)                                  waiver of compensation due or accrued 
to you for your services rendered or to be rendered to the Company or a 
Parent or Subsidiary of the Company;
 
(d)                                 cashless exercise through irrevocable 
directions to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell all or 
part of the Shares covered by this Option and to deliver to the Company 
from the sale proceeds an amount sufficient to pay the Option exercise 
price and any withholding taxes.  The balance of the sale proceeds, if any, 
will be delivered to you.  The directions must be given by signing a 
special notice of exercise form provided by the Company; or
 
(e)                                  other method authorized by the 
Company.
 
5.                                      Non-Transferability of Option.  In 
general, except as provided below, only you may exercise this Option prior 
to your death.  You may not transfer or assign this Option, except as 
provided below.  For instance, you may not sell this Option or use it as 
security for a loan.  If you attempt to do any of these things, this Option 
will immediately become invalid.  You may, however, dispose of this Option 
in your will or in a beneficiary designation.  However, if this Option is 
designated as a NSO in the Notice of Grant, then the Committee (as defined 
in the Plan) may, in its sole discretion, allow you to transfer this Option 
as a gift to one or more family members.  For purposes of this Agreement, 
family member means a child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, 
grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, 
father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law 
(including adoptive relationships), any individual sharing your household 
(other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which one or more of these 
individuals have more than 50% of the beneficial interest, a foundation in 
which you or one or more of these persons control the management of assets, 
and any entity in which you or one or more of these persons own more than 
50% of the voting interest.  In addition, if this Option is designated as a 
NSO in the Notice of Grant, then the Committee may, in its sole discretion, 
allow you to transfer this Option to your spouse or former spouse pursuant 
to a domestic relations order in settlement of marital property rights.  
The Committee will allow you to transfer this Option only if both you and 
the transferee(s) execute the forms prescribed by the Committee, which 
include the consent of the transferee(s) to be bound by this Agreement.  
This Option may not be transferred in any manner other than by will or by 
the laws of descent or distribution or court order and may be exercised 
during the lifetime of you only by you, your guardian, or legal 
representative, as
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
permitted in the Plan. The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be 
binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns 
of you.
 
6.                                      Term of Option.  This Option shall 
in any event expire on the expiration date set forth in the Notice of 
Grant, which date is ten (10) years after the grant date (five years after 
the grant date if this Option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of 
Grant and Section 5.3 of the Plan applies).
 
7.                                      Tax Consequences.  You should 
consult a tax adviser for tax consequences relating to this Option in the 
jurisdiction in which you are subject to tax.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT A TAX 
ADVISER BEFORE EXERCISING THIS OPTION OR DISPOSING OF THE SHARES.
 
(a)                                 Exercising the Option.  You will not be 
allowed to exercise this Option unless you make arrangements acceptable to 
the Company to pay any withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the 
Option exercise.
 
(b)                                 Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of 
ISO Shares.  If you sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Shares acquired 
pursuant to an ISO on or before the later of (i) two years after the grant 
date, or (ii) one year after the exercise date, you shall immediately 
notify the Company in writing of such disposition.  You agree that you may 
be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation 
income recognized from such early disposition of ISO Shares by payment in 
cash or out of the current compensation paid to you.
 
8.                                      Withholding Taxes and Stock 
Withholding.  Regardless of any action the Company or your actual employer 
(the Employer) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social 
insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding 
(Tax-Related Items), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all 
Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and 
that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or 
undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection 
with any aspect of the Option grant, including the grant, vesting or 
exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to 
such exercise and the receipt of any dividends; and (2) do not commit to 
structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or 
eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items.  You acknowledge that if 
you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the 
Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for 
Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
 
Prior to exercise of the Option, you shall pay or make adequate 
arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all 
withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the 
Employer.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer to 
withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your 
wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the 
Employer.  With the Companys consent, these arrangements may also include, 
if permissible under local law, (a) withholding Shares that otherwise would 
be issued to you when you exercise this Option, provided that the Company 
only withholds the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum 
statutory withholding amount, (b) having the Company withhold taxes from 
the proceeds of the sale of the Shares, either through a voluntary sale or 
through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf and you 
hereby authorize such sales by this authorization), (c) your payment of a 
cash amount, or (d) any other arrangement approved by the Company; all 
under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance 
with the Companys Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, 
if applicable; provided however, that if you are a Section 16 officer of 
the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as constituted in 
accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall establish the 
method of withholding from alternatives (a)-(d) above, and the Committee 
shall establish the method prior to the Tax-Related Items withholding 
event.  The Fair Market Value of these Shares, determined as of the 
effective date of the Option exercise, will be applied as a credit against 
the withholding taxes. You shall pay to the Company or the Employer any 
amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be 
required to withhold as a result of your participation in the Plan or your 
purchase of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously 
described.  Finally, you acknowledge that the Company has no obligation to 
deliver Shares to
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
you until you have satisfied the obligations in connection with the 
Tax-Related Items as described in this Section.
 
9.                                      Acknowledgement.  The Company and 
you agree that the Option is granted under and governed by the Notice of 
Grant, this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan (incorporated herein 
by reference).  You: (a) acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan and the 
Plan prospectus, (b) represent that you have carefully read and are 
familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accept the Option subject to 
all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the 
Plan and the Notice of Grant.  You hereby agree to accept as binding, 
conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon 
any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice of Grant and the Agreement.
 
10.                               Consent to Electronic Delivery of All 
Plan Documents and Disclosures.  By your acceptance of this Option, you 
consent to the electronic delivery of the Notice of Grant, this Agreement, 
the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the Securities 
and Exchange Commission, U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all 
other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security 
holders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy 
statements) or other communications or information related to the Option. 
Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to a Company 
intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering 
the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other delivery 
determined at the Companys discretion.  You acknowledge that you may 
receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered 
electronically at no cost if you contact the Company by telephone, through 
a postal service or electronic mail at [insert email]. You further 
acknowledge that you will be provided with a paper copy of any documents 
delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails; similarly, you 
understand that you must provide on request to the Company or any 
designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered 
electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, you understand that your 
consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic 
mail address to which documents are delivered (if you have provided an 
electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such 
revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service or electronic mail 
at [insert email]. Finally, you understand that you are not required to 
consent to electronic delivery.
 
11.                               Compliance with Laws and Regulations.  
The exercise of this Option will be subject to and conditioned upon 
compliance by the Company and you with all applicable state, federal and 
foreign laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any 
stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Companys Common 
Stock may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer.  
The Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be endorsed with 
appropriate legends, if any, determined by the Company.
 
12.                               Governing Law; Severability.  If one or 
more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under 
applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good 
faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and 
enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision shall 
be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of this Agreement shall be 
interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of 
this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.  This 
Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and 
obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without 
giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.  For purposes of 
litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from the Plan, 
the Notice and this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to 
litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and 
agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of 
California in San Mateo County or the federal courts of the United States 
for the Northern District of California and no other courts.
 
13.                               No Rights as Employee, Director or 
Consultant.  Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner 
whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent, Subsidiary or 
Affiliate of the Company, to terminate your Service, for any reason, with 
or without Cause.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
14.                               Adjustment.  In the event of a stock 
split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of 
Shares covered by this Option and the exercise price per Share may be 
adjusted pursuant to the Plan.
 
15.                               Lock-Up Agreement.  In connection with 
the initial public offering of the Companys securities and upon request of 
the Company or the underwriters managing any underwritten offering of the 
Companys securities, you hereby agree not to sell, make any short sale of, 
loan, grant any Option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any 
securities of the Company however and whenever acquired (other than those 
included in the registration) without the prior written consent of the 
Company or such underwriters, as the case may be, for such period of time 
(not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days) from the effective date of 
such registration as may be requested by the Company or such managing 
underwriters and to execute an agreement reflecting the foregoing as may be 
requested by the underwriters at the time of the public offering; provided 
however that, if during the last seventeen (17) days of the restricted 
period the Company issues an earnings release or material news or a 
material event relating to the Company occurs, or prior to the expiration 
of the restricted period the Company announces that it will release 
earnings results during the sixteen (16)-day period beginning on the last 
day of the restricted period, then, upon the request of the managing 
underwriter, to the extent required by any FINRA rules, the restrictions 
imposed by this Section shall continue to apply until the end of the third 
trading day following the expiration of the fifteen (15)-day period 
beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of the 
material news or material event.  In no event will the restricted period 
extend beyond two hundred sixteen (216) days after the effective date of 
the registration statement.
 
16.                               Award Subject to Company Clawback or 
Recoupment.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Option shall be 
subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or 
recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term 
of your employment or other Service that is applicable to you.  In addition 
to any other remedies available under such policy, applicable law may 
require the cancellation of your Option (whether vested or unvested) and 
the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to your Option.
 
17.                               Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights.  
This Agreement, the Plan and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and 
supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, 
commitments or negotiations concerning this Option are superseded. No 
modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any 
rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and 
signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to 
enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver 
of any rights of such party.
 
BY ACCEPTING THIS OPTION, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Dermira, Inc. 
(the Company) 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) shall have the same 
meanings in this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice) and 
the attached Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the RSU Agreement).  You 
have been granted an award of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) under the 
Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the 
attached RSU Agreement.
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
Address:
 
 
 
 
 
Number of RSUs:
 
 
 
 
 
Date of Grant:
 
 
 
 
 
Vesting Commencement Date:
 
 
 
 
 
Expiration Date:
 
The date on which settlement of all RSUs granted hereunder occurs. This RSU 
expires earlier if your Service terminates earlier, as described in the RSU 
Agreement.
 
 
 
Vesting Schedule:
 
[INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE].
 
 
 
Additional Terms:
 
¨     If this box is checked, the additional terms and conditions set forth 
on Attachment 1 hereto (as executed by the Company) are applicable and are 
incorporated herein by reference. No document need be attached as 
Attachment 1 if the box is not checked.
                    
You acknowledge that the vesting of the RSUs pursuant to this Notice is 
earned only by continuing Service.  By accepting this award, you and the 
Company agree that this award is granted under and governed by the terms 
and conditions of the Plan, the Notice and the RSU Agreement.  You 
acknowledge and agree that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in 
the event that your Service status changes between full and part-time 
status in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and 
vesting of awards.  You further acknowledge that the grant of this RSU by 
the Company is at the Companys sole discretion, and does not entitle you 
to further grant(s) of RSU(s) or any other award(s) under the Plan or any 
other plan or program maintained by the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary 
or Affiliate of the Company. By accepting this RSU, you consent to 
electronic delivery as set forth in the RSU Agreement.
 
PARTICIPANT
DERMIRA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Print Name:
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
You have been granted Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) by Dermira, Inc. (the 
Company) subject to the terms, restrictions and conditions of the Plan, 
the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice) and this 
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this RSU Agreement).
 
1.                                      Settlement.  Settlement of RSUs 
shall be made in the same calendar year as the applicable date of vesting 
under the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice; provided, however, that 
if the vesting date under the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice is 
in December, then settlement of any RSUs that vest in December shall be 
within 30 days of vesting.  Settlement of RSUs shall be in Shares.  
Settlement means the delivery of the Shares vested under an RSU. No 
fractional RSUs or rights for fractional Shares shall be created pursuant 
to this RSU Agreement.
 
2.                                      No Stockholder Rights.  Unless and 
until such time as Shares are issued in settlement of vested RSUs, you 
shall have no ownership of the Shares allocated to the RSUs and shall have 
no right to dividends or to vote such Shares.
 
3.                                      Dividend Equivalents.  Dividends, 
if any (whether in cash or Shares), shall not be credited to you.
 
4.                                      No Transfer.  RSUs may not be sold, 
assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of in 
any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution or 
court order or unless otherwise permitted by the Committee on a 
case-by-case basis.
 
5.                                      Termination.  If your Service 
terminates for any reason, all unvested RSUs shall be forfeited to the 
Company forthwith, and all rights you have to such RSUs shall immediately 
terminate.  In case of any dispute as to whether your termination of 
Service has occurred, the Committee shall have sole discretion to determine 
whether such termination has occurred and the effective date of such 
termination.
 
6.                                      Construction.  This RSU Agreement 
is the result of negotiations between and has been reviewed by each of the 
parties hereto and their respective counsel, if any; accordingly, this RSU 
Agreement shall be deemed to be the product of all of the parties hereto, 
and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor of or against any one of the 
parties hereto.
 
7.                                      Notices.  Any notice to be given 
under the terms of the Plan shall be addressed to the Company in care of 
its principal office, and any notice to be given to you shall be addressed 
to you at the address maintained by the Company for such person or at such 
other address as you may specify in writing to the Company.
 
8.                                      Counterparts.  This RSU Agreement 
may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall he deemed 
an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.
 
9.                                      Tax Consequences.  You acknowledge 
that you will recognize tax consequences in connection with the RSUs. You 
should consult a tax adviser regarding your tax obligations in the 
jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(a)                                 U.S. Tax Consequences.  You will not 
recognize taxable income when you are granted or vest in the RSUs.  In 
general, the RSUs will be taxed when they are settled and you will 
recognize ordinary income equal to the value of the Shares that you receive 
from the Company.
 
10.                               Withholding Taxes and Stock Withholding.  
Regardless of any action the Company or your actual employer (the 
Employer) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, 
payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding (
Tax-Related Items), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all 
Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and 
that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or 
undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection 
with any aspect of the award, including the grant, vesting or settlement of 
the RSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such 
settlement and the receipt of any dividends; and (2) do not commit to 
structure the terms of the award or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or 
eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items.  You acknowledge that if 
you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the 
Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for 
Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
 
Prior to the settlement of your RSUs, you shall pay or make adequate 
arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all 
withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the 
Employer.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer to 
withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your 
wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the 
Employer. With the Companys consent, these arrangements may also include, 
if permissible under local law, (a) withholding Shares that otherwise would 
be issued to you when your RSUs are settled, provided that the Company only 
withholds the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum statutory 
withholding amount, (b) having the Company withhold taxes from the proceeds 
of the sale of the Shares, either through a voluntary sale or through a 
mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf and you hereby 
authorize such sales by this authorization), (c) your payment of a cash 
amount, or (d) any other arrangement approved by the Company; all under 
such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance with 
the Companys Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, if 
applicable; provided however, that if you are a Section 16 officer of the 
Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as constituted in 
accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall establish the 
method of withholding from alternatives (a)-(d) above, and the Committee 
shall establish the method prior to the Tax-Related Items withholding 
event. The Fair Market Value of these Shares, determined as of the 
effective date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, will 
be applied as a credit against the withholding taxes.  You shall pay to the 
Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or 
the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your participation 
in the Plan or your purchase of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the 
means previously described.  Finally, you acknowledge that the Company has 
no obligation to deliver Shares to you until you have satisfied the 
obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this 
Section.
 
11.                               Acknowledgement.  The Company and you 
agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the Notice, this RSU 
Agreement and the provisions of the Plan (incorporated herein by 
reference).  You: (a) acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan and the 
Plan prospectus, (b) represent that you have carefully read and are 
familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accept the RSUs subject to 
all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the 
Plan and the Notice.  You hereby agree to accept as binding, conclusive and 
final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions 
relating to the Plan, the Notice and this RSU Agreement.
 
12.                               Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights.  
This RSU Agreement, the Plan and the Notice constitute the entire agreement 
and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and 
supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, 
commitments or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder 
are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this RSU Agreement, nor 
any waiver of any rights under this RSU Agreement, shall be effective 
unless in writing and signed by the parties to this RSU
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Agreement.  The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this 
RSU Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such 
party.
 
13.                               Compliance with Laws and Regulations.  
The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance 
by the Company and you with all applicable state, federal and foreign laws 
and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange 
or automated quotation system on which the Companys Common Stock may be 
listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer.  The Shares 
issued pursuant to this RSU Agreement shall be endorsed with appropriate 
legends, if any, determined by the Company.
 
14.                               Governing Law; Severability.  If one or 
more provisions of this RSU Agreement are held to be unenforceable under 
applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good 
faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and 
enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision shall 
be excluded from this RSU Agreement, (b) the balance of this RSU Agreement 
shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the 
balance of this RSU Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its 
terms.  This RSU Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto 
and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, 
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.  For 
purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly 
from the Plan, the Notice and this RSU Agreement, the parties hereby submit 
and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of 
California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in 
the courts of California in Santa Mateo County or the federal courts of the 
United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts.
 
11.                               No Rights as Employee, Director or 
Consultant.  Nothing in this RSU Agreement shall affect in any manner 
whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent, Subsidiary or 
Affiliate of the Company, to terminate your Service, for any reason, with 
or without Cause.
 
12.                               Consent to Electronic Delivery of All 
Plan Documents and Disclosures.  By your acceptance of this RSU, you 
consent to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this RSU Agreement, the 
Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other 
documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders 
(including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements) or 
other communications or information related to the RSU. Electronic delivery 
may include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the internet 
site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of 
the document via e-mail or such other delivery determined at the Companys 
discretion. You acknowledge that you may receive from the Company a paper 
copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if you contact 
the Company by telephone, through a postal service or electronic mail at 
[insert email].  You further acknowledge that you will be provided with a 
paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery 
fails; similarly, you understand that you must provide on request to the 
Company or any designated third party a paper copy of any documents 
delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, you understand 
that your consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the 
electronic mail address to which documents are delivered (if you have 
provided an electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company 
of such revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service or 
electronic mail at [insert email]. Finally, you understand that you are not 
required to consent to electronic delivery.
 
13.                               Code Section 409A.  For purposes of this 
RSU Agreement, a termination of employment will be determined consistent 
with the rules relating to a separation from service as defined in 
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder (
Section 409A).  Notwithstanding anything else provided herein, to the 
extent any payments provided under this RSU Agreement in connection with 
your termination of employment constitute deferred compensation subject to 
Section 409A, and you are deemed at the time of such termination of 
employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A, then such 
payment shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (a) the 
expiration of the six-month period measured from your separation from 
service or (b) the date of your death following such a separation from 
service; provided, however, that such deferral shall only be effected to 
the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
to you including, without limitation, the additional tax for which you 
would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) in the absence of 
such a deferral.  To the extent any payment under this RSU Agreement may be 
classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, 
such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also 
qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of 
Section 409A.  Payments pursuant to this Section are intended to constitute 
separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury 
Regulations.
 
14.                               Adjustment.  In the event of a stock 
split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of 
Shares covered by the RSUs may be adjusted pursuant to the Plan.
 
15.                               Lock-Up Agreement.  In connection with 
the initial public offering of the Companys securities and upon request of 
the Company or the underwriters managing any underwritten offering of the 
Companys securities, you hereby agree not to sell, make any short sale of, 
loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any 
securities of the Company however and whenever acquired (other than those 
included in the registration) without the prior written consent of the 
Company or such underwriters, as the case may be, for such period of time 
(not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days) from the effective date of 
such registration as may be requested by the Company or such managing 
underwriters and to execute an agreement reflecting the foregoing as may be 
requested by the underwriters at the time of the public offering; provided 
however that, if during the last seventeen (17) days of the restricted 
period the Company issues an earnings release or material news or a 
material event relating to the Company occurs, or prior to the expiration 
of the restricted period the Company announces that it will release 
earnings results during the sixteen (16)-day period beginning on the last 
day of the restricted period, then, upon the request of the managing 
underwriter, to the extent required by any FINRA rules, the restrictions 
imposed by this Section shall continue to apply until the end of the third 
trading day following the expiration of the fifteen (15)-day period 
beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of the 
material news or material event.  In no event will the restricted period 
extend beyond two hundred sixteen (216) days after the effective date of 
the registration statement.
 
16.                               Award Subject to Company Clawback or 
Recoupment.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the RSUs shall be 
subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or 
recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term 
of your employment or other Service that is applicable to you. In addition 
to any other remedies available under such policy, applicable law may 
require the cancellation of your RSUs (whether vested or unvested) and the 
recoupment of any gains realized with respect to your RSUs.
 
BY ACCEPTING THIS RSU, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
NOTICE OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHT AWARD
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Dermira, Inc. 
(the Company) 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) shall have the same 
meanings in this Notice of Stock Appreciation Right Award (the Notice of 
Grant) and the attached Stock Appreciation Right Agreement (the SAR 
Agreement).  You have been granted an award of Stock Appreciation Rights 
(the SAR) of the Company under the Plan subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Plan, this Notice of Grant and the SAR Agreement.
 
Name:
 
Address:
 
 
 Date of Grant:
  
 Vesting Commencement Date:
  
 Fair Market Value on Date of Grant:
  
 Total Number of Shares:
  
 Expiration Date:
  
               Vesting Schedule:               [INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE].
                
You acknowledge that the vesting of the SAR pursuant to this Notice of 
Grant is earned only by continuing Service.  By accepting the SAR, you and 
the Company agree that the SAR is granted under and governed by the terms 
and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Grant and the SAR Agreement.  You 
acknowledge and agree that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in 
the event that your Service status changes between full and part-time 
status in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and 
vesting of awards.  You further acknowledge that the grant of this SAR by 
the Company is at the Companys sole discretion, and does not entitle you 
to further grant(s) of SAR(s) or any other award(s) under the Plan or any 
other plan or program maintained by the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary 
or Affiliate of the Company.  By accepting the SAR, you consent to 
electronic delivery as set forth in the SAR Agreement.
 
PARTICIPANT:
DERMIRA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Print Name:
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHT AWARD AGREEMENT
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
You have been granted an award of Stock Appreciation Rights (the SAR) by 
Dermira, Inc. (the Company) under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 
Plan), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of 
Stock Appreciation Right Award (the Notice of Grant) and this Stock 
Appreciation Right Agreement (the Agreement).
 
1.                                      Grant of SAR.  You have been 
granted a SAR for the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant at 
the fair market value set forth in the Notice of Grant.  In the event of a 
conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall 
prevail.
 
2.                                      Termination Period.
 
(a)                                 General Rule.  If your Service 
terminates for any reason except death or Disability, and other than for 
Cause, then this SAR will expire at the close of business at Company 
headquarters on the date three (3) months after your termination of Service 
(subject to the expiration detailed in Section 6).  In no event shall this 
SAR be exercised later than the Expiration Date set forth in the Notice of 
Grant. If your Service is terminated for Cause, this SAR will expire upon 
the date of such termination. The Company determines when your Service 
terminates for all purposes under this Agreement.
 
(b)                                 Death; Disability.  If you die before 
your Service terminates (or you die within three (3) months of your 
termination of Service to the Company other than for Cause), then this SAR 
will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date 
twelve (12) months after the date of death (subject to the expiration 
detailed in Section 6).  If your Service terminates because of your 
Disability, then this SAR will expire at the close of business at Company 
headquarters on the date twelve (12) months after your termination date 
(subject to the expiration detailed in Section 6).
 
(c)                                  No Notice.  You are responsible for 
keeping track of these exercise periods following your termination of 
Service for any reason.  The Company will not provide further notice of 
such periods.  In no event shall this SAR be exercised later than the 
Expiration Date set forth in the Notice of Grant.
 
3.                                      Vesting Rights.  Subject to the 
applicable provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, this SAR may be 
exercised, in whole or in part, in accordance with the schedule set forth 
in the Notice of Grant.
 
4.                                      Exercise of SAR.
 
(a)                                 Right to Exercise.  This SAR is 
exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set 
forth in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and 
this Agreement.  In the event of your death, Disability, or other cessation 
of Service, the exercisability of the SAR is governed by the applicable 
provisions of the Plan, the Notice of Grant and this Agreement.  This SAR 
may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.
 
(b)                                 Method of Exercise.  This SAR is 
exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice in a form specified by the 
Company (the Exercise Notice), which shall state the election to exercise 
the SAR, the number of Shares in respect of which the SAR is being 
exercised (the Exercised Shares), and such other representations and 
agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of 
the Plan.  The Exercise Notice shall be delivered in person, by mail, via 
electronic mail or facsimile or by other authorized method to the Secretary 
of the Company or other person designated by the Company.  This SAR shall 
be
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of a fully executed 
Exercise Notice and any applicable tax withholding due upon exercise of the 
SAR.
 
(c)                                  No Shares shall be issued pursuant to 
the exercise of this SAR unless such issuance and exercise complies with 
all relevant provisions of law and the requirements of any stock exchange 
or quotation service upon which the Shares are then listed.  Assuming such 
compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares shall be 
considered transferred to you on the date the SAR is exercised with respect 
to such Exercised Shares.
 
5.                                      Non-Transferability of SAR.  This 
SAR may not be transferred in any manner other than by will or by the laws 
of descent or distribution or court order and may be exercised during your 
lifetime only by you unless otherwise permitted by the Committee on a 
case-by-case basis.  The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be 
binding upon your executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assign.
 
6.                                      Term of SAR.  This SAR shall in any 
event expire on the expiration date set forth in the Notice of Grant, which 
date is ten (10) years after the Date of Grant.
 
7.                                      Tax Consequences.  You should 
consult a tax adviser for tax consequences relating to this SAR in the 
jurisdiction in which you are subject to tax.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT A TAX 
ADVISER BEFORE EXERCISING THIS SAR OR DISPOSING OF THE SHARES.  If you are 
an Employee or a former Employee, the Company may be required to withhold 
from your compensation an amount equal to the minimum amount the Company is 
required to withhold for income and employment taxes or collect from you 
and pay to the applicable taxing authorities an amount in cash equal to a 
percentage of this compensation income at the time of exercise.
 
8.                                      Withholding Taxes and Stock 
Withholding.  Regardless of any action the Company or your actual employer 
(the Employer) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social 
insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding 
(Tax-Related Items), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all 
Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and 
that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or 
undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection 
with any aspect of the SAR, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the 
SAR, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and 
the receipt of any dividends; and (2) do not commit to structure the terms 
of the grant or any aspect of the SAR to reduce or eliminate your liability 
for Tax-Related Items.  You acknowledge that if you are subject to 
Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Company and/or the 
Employer may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in 
more than one jurisdiction.
 
Prior to exercise of the SAR, you shall pay or make adequate arrangements 
satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all withholding 
and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the Employer.  In 
this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer to withhold all 
applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or 
other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the Employer.  
With the Companys consent, these arrangements may also include, if 
permissible under local law, (a) withholding Shares that otherwise would be 
issued to you when you exercise this SAR, provided that the Company only 
withholds the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum statutory 
withholding amount, (b) having the Company withhold taxes from the proceeds 
of the sale of the Shares, either through a voluntary sale or through a 
mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf and you hereby 
authorize such sales by this authorization), (c) your payment of a cash 
amount, or (d) any other arrangement approved by the Company; all under 
such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance with 
the Companys Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, if 
applicable; provided however, that if you are a Section 16 officer of the 
Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as constituted in 
accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall establish the 
method of withholding from alternatives (a)-(d) above, and the Committee 
shall establish the method prior to the Tax-Related Items withholding 
event. The Fair Market Value of these Shares, determined as of the 
effective date of the SAR
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
exercise, will be applied as a credit against the withholding taxes. You 
shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items 
that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of 
your participation in the Plan or your purchase of Shares that cannot be 
satisfied by the means previously described.  Finally, you acknowledge that 
the Company has no obligation to honor the exercise or deliver Shares to 
you until you have satisfied the obligations in connection with the 
Tax-Related Items as described in this Section.
 
9.                                      Acknowledgement.  The Company and 
you agree that the SAR is granted under and governed by the Notice of 
Grant, this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan (incorporated herein 
by reference).  You: (a) acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan and the 
Plan prospectus, (b) represent that you have carefully read and are 
familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accept the SAR subject to 
all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the 
Plan and the Notice of Grant. You hereby agree to accept as binding, 
conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon 
any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice of Grant and the SAR 
Agreement.
 
10.                               Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights.  
This Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of Grant constitute the entire 
agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter 
herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior 
agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the purchase of the 
Shares hereunder are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this 
Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be 
effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. 
The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement 
shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party.
 
11.                               Compliance with Laws and Regulations.  
The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance 
by the Company and you with all applicable state, federal and foreign laws 
and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange 
or automated quotation system on which the Companys Common Stock may be 
listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. The Shares 
issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be endorsed with appropriate 
legends, if any, determined by the Company.
 
12.                               Governing Law; Severability.  If one or 
more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under 
applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good 
faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and 
enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision shall 
be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of this Agreement shall be 
interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of 
this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. This 
Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and 
obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without 
giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating 
any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from the Plan, the Notice 
of Grant and this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to 
litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and 
agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of 
California in San Mateo County or the federal courts of the United States 
for the Northern District of California and no other courts.
 
13.                               No Rights as Employee, Director or 
Consultant.  Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner 
whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent, Subsidiary or 
Affiliate of the Company, to terminate your Service, for any reason, with 
or without Cause.
 
14.                               Consent to Electronic Delivery of All 
Plan Documents and Disclosures. By your acceptance of this SAR, you consent 
to the electronic delivery of the Notice of Grant, this Agreement, the 
Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other 
documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders 
(including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements) or 
other communications or information related to the SAR. Electronic delivery 
may include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the internet 
site of a third
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via 
e-mail or such other delivery determined at the Companys discretion.  You 
acknowledge that you may receive from the Company a paper copy of any 
documents delivered electronically at no cost if you contact the Company by 
telephone, through a postal service or electronic mail at [insert email]. 
You further acknowledge that you will be provided with a paper copy of any 
documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails; similarly, 
you understand that you must provide on request to the Company or any 
designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered 
electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, you understand that your 
consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic 
mail address to which documents are delivered (if you have provided an 
electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such 
revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service or electronic mail 
at [insert email]. Finally, you understand that you are not required to 
consent to electronic delivery.
 
15.                               Adjustment.  In the event of a stock 
split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of 
Shares covered by this SAR and the exercise price per Share may be adjusted 
pursuant to the Plan.
 
16.                               Lock-Up Agreement.  In connection with 
the initial public offering of the Companys securities and upon request of 
the Company or the underwriters managing any underwritten offering of the 
Companys securities, you hereby agree not to sell, make any short sale of, 
loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any 
securities of the Company however and whenever acquired (other than those 
included in the registration) without the prior written consent of the 
Company or such underwriters, as the case may be, for such period of time 
(not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days) from the effective date of 
such registration as may be requested by the Company or such managing 
underwriters and to execute an agreement reflecting the foregoing as may be 
requested by the underwriters at the time of the public offering; provided 
however that, if during the last seventeen (17) days of the restricted 
period the Company issues an earnings release or material news or a 
material event relating to the Company occurs, or prior to the expiration 
of the restricted period the Company announces that it will release 
earnings results during the sixteen (16)-day period beginning on the last 
day of the restricted period, then, upon the request of the managing 
underwriter, to the extent required by any FINRA rules, the restrictions 
imposed by this Section shall continue to apply until the end of the third 
trading day following the expiration of the fifteen (15)-day period 
beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of the 
material news or material event.  In no event will the restricted period 
extend beyond two hundred sixteen (216) days after the effective date of 
the registration statement.
 
17.                               Award Subject to Company Clawback or 
Recoupment.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the SAR shall be 
subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or 
recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term 
of your employment or other Service that is applicable to you. In addition 
to any other remedies available under such policy, applicable law may 
require the cancellation of your SAR (whether vested or unvested) and the 
recoupment of any gains realized with respect to your SAR.
 
BY ACCEPTING THIS SAR, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Dermira, Inc. 
(the Company) 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) shall have the same 
meanings in this Notice of Restricted Stock Award (the Notice) and the 
attached Restricted Stock Agreement (the Restricted Stock Agreement).  
You have been granted the opportunity to purchase Shares of the Company 
that are subject to restrictions (the Restricted Shares) and the terms 
and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the attached Restricted Stock 
Agreement.
 
 Name:
 
  
 
 Address:
 
  
 
 Total Number of Restricted Shares Awarded:
 
  
 
 Fair Market Value per Restricted Share:
$
  
 
 Total Fair Market Value of Award:
$
  
 
 Purchase Price per Restricted Share:
$
  
 
 Total Purchase Price for all Restricted Shares:
$
  
 
 Date of Grant:
 
  
 
 Vesting Commencement Date:
 
  
 
 Vesting Schedule:
[INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE].
  
 
  Additional Terms:
¨  If this box is checked, the additional terms and conditions set forth on 
Attachment 1 hereto (as executed by the Company) are applicable and are 
incorporated herein by reference. No document need be attached as 
Attachment 1 if the box is not checked.
                           
You acknowledge that the vesting of the Restricted Shares pursuant to this 
Notice is earned only by continuing Service.  By accepting the Restricted 
Shares, you and the Company agree that the Restricted Shares are granted 
under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice and 
the Restricted Stock Agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that the Vesting 
Schedule may change prospectively in the event that your Service status 
changes between full and part-time status in accordance with Company 
policies relating to work schedules and vesting of awards.  You further 
acknowledge that the grant of the Restricted Shares by the Company is at 
the Companys sole discretion, and does not entitle you to further grant(s) 
of Restricted Shares or any other award(s) under the Plan or any other plan 
or program maintained by the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate 
of the Company.  By accepting the Restricted Shares, you consent to 
electronic delivery as set forth in the Restricted Stock Agreement.  If the 
Restricted Stock Agreement is not executed by you within thirty (30) days 
of the Companys delivery of this Agreement to you, then this grant shall 
be void.
 
 
PARTICIPANT:
 
DERMIRA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Signature
  
  
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print Name
  
  
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of            
                         , 2014 by and between Dermira, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the Company), and                                            
                            (you) pursuant to the Companys 2014 Equity 
Incentive Plan (the Plan).  Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms 
defined in the Plan shall have the same meanings in this Agreement.
 
1.                                      Sale of Stock.  Subject to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Purchase Date (as defined 
below) the Company will issue and sell to you, and you agree to purchase 
from the Company, the number of Shares shown on the Notice of Restricted 
Stock Award (the Notice) at a purchase price of $                 per 
Share. The term Shares refers to the purchased Shares and all securities 
received in replacement of or in connection with the Shares pursuant to 
stock dividends or splits, all securities received in replacement of the 
Shares in a recapitalization, merger, reorganization, exchange or the like, 
and all new, substituted or additional securities or other properties to 
which you are entitled by reason of your ownership of the Shares.
 
2.                                      Time and Place of Purchase.  The 
purchase and sale of the Shares under this Agreement shall occur at the 
principal office of the Company simultaneously with the execution of this 
Agreement by the parties, or on such other date as the Company and you 
shall agree (the Purchase Date). On the Purchase Date, the Company will 
issue uncertificated shares designated for you in book entry form on the 
records of the Companys transfer agent, representing the Shares to be 
purchased by you against payment of the purchase price therefor by you by 
(a) check made payable to the Company, (b) cancellation of indebtedness of 
the Company to you, (c) your personal Services that the Committee has 
determined have already been rendered to the Company, or (d) a combination 
of the foregoing.
 
3.                                      Restrictions on Resale.  By signing 
this Agreement, you agree not to sell any Shares acquired pursuant to the 
Plan and this Agreement at a time when applicable laws, regulations or 
Company or underwriter trading policies prohibit exercise or sale. This 
restriction will apply as long as you are providing Service to the Company 
or a Subsidiary of the Company.
 
3.1                               Repurchase Right on Termination Other 
Than for Cause.  For the purposes of this Agreement, a Repurchase Event 
shall mean an occurrence of one of the following:
 
(i)                                    termination of your Service, whether 
voluntary or involuntary and with or without cause;
 
(ii)                                your resignation, retirement or death; 
or
 
(iii)                            any attempted transfer by you of the 
Shares, or any interest therein, in violation of this Agreement.
 
Upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, the Company shall have the right 
(but not an obligation) to purchase your Shares at a price equal to the 
Purchase Price per Share (the Repurchase Right).  The Repurchase Right 
shall lapse in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice 
of Restricted Stock Award.  For purposes of this Agreement, Unvested 
Shares means Stock pursuant to which the Companys Repurchase Right has 
not lapsed.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
3.2                               Exercise of Repurchase Right.  Unless the 
Company provides written notice to you within 90 days from the date of 
termination of your Service to the Company that the Company does not intend 
to exercise its Repurchase Right with respect to some or all of the 
Unvested Shares, the Repurchase Right shall be deemed automatically 
exercised by the Company as of the 90th day following such termination, 
provided that the Company may notify you that it is exercising its 
Repurchase Right as of a date prior to such 90th day.  Unless you are 
otherwise notified by the Company pursuant to the preceding sentence that 
the Company does not intend to exercise its Repurchase Right as to some or 
all of the Unvested Shares, execution of this Agreement by you constitutes 
written notice to you of the Companys intention to exercise its Repurchase 
Right with respect to all Unvested Shares to which such Repurchase Right 
applies at the time of your termination of Service.  The Company, at its 
choice, may satisfy its payment obligation to you with respect to exercise 
of the Repurchase Right by either (A) delivering a check to you in the 
amount of the purchase price for the Unvested Shares being repurchased, or 
(B) in the event you are indebted to the Company, canceling an amount of 
such indebtedness equal to the purchase price for the Unvested Shares being 
repurchased, or (C) by a combination of (A) and (B) so that the combined 
payment and cancellation of indebtedness equals such purchase price.  In 
the event of any deemed automatic exercise of the Repurchase Right by 
canceling an amount of such indebtedness equal to the purchase price for 
the Unvested Shares being repurchased, such cancellation of indebtedness 
shall be deemed automatically to occur as of the 90th day following 
termination of your Service unless the Company otherwise satisfies its 
payment obligations.  As a result of any repurchase of Unvested Shares 
pursuant to the Repurchase Right, the Company shall become the legal and 
beneficial owner of the Unvested Shares being repurchased and shall have 
all rights and interest therein or related thereto, and the Company shall 
have the right to transfer to its own name the number of Unvested Shares 
being repurchased by the Company, without further action by you.
 
3.3                               Acceptance of Restrictions.  Acceptance 
of the Shares shall constitute your agreement to such restrictions and the 
notation in the Companys direct registration system for stock issuance and 
transfer of such restrictions set forth in Section 4.1 with respect 
thereto.  Notwithstanding such restrictions, however, so long as you are 
the holder of the Shares, or any portion thereof, he or she shall be 
entitled to receive all dividends declared on and to vote the Shares and to 
all other rights of a stockholder with respect thereto.
 
3.4                               Non-Transferability of Unvested Shares.  
In addition to any other limitation on transfer created by applicable 
securities laws or any other agreement between the Company and you, you may 
not transfer any Unvested Shares, or any interest therein, unless consented 
to in writing by a duly authorized representative of the Company.  Any 
purported transfer is void and of no effect, and no purported transferee 
thereof will be recognized as a holder of the Unvested Shares for any 
purpose whatsoever.  Should such a transfer purport to occur, the Company 
may refuse to carry out the transfer on its books, set aside the transfer, 
or exercise any other legal or equitable remedy.  In the event the Company 
consents to a transfer of Unvested Shares, all transferees of Shares or any 
interest therein will receive and hold such Shares or interest subject to 
the provisions of this Agreement, including, insofar as applicable, the 
Repurchase Right.  In the event of any purchase by the Company hereunder 
where the Shares or interest are held by a transferee, the transferee shall 
be obligated, if requested by the Company, to transfer the Shares or 
interest you for consideration equal to the amount to be paid by the 
Company hereunder.  In the event the Repurchase Right is deemed exercised 
by the Company, the Company may deem any transferee to have transferred the 
Shares or interest to you prior to their purchase by the Company, and 
payment of the purchase price by the Company to such transferee shall be 
deemed to satisfy your obligation to pay such transferee for such Shares or 
interest, and also to satisfy the Companys obligation to pay you for such 
Shares or interest.
 
3.5                               Assignment.  The Repurchase Right may be 
assigned by the Company in whole or in part to any persons or organization.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
4.                                      Stop Transfer Orders.
 
4.1                               Stop-Transfer Notices.  You agree that, 
in order to ensure compliance with the restrictions referred to herein, the 
Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its transfer 
agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it 
may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records.
 
4.2                               Refusal to Transfer.  The Company shall 
not be required (a) to transfer on its books any Shares that have been sold 
or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this 
Agreement or (b) to treat as the owner or to accord the right to vote or 
pay dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares 
shall have been so transferred.
 
5.                                      No Rights as Employee, Director or 
Consultant.  Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner 
whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent, Subsidiary or 
Affiliate of the Company, to terminate your Service, for any reason, with 
or without Cause.
 
6.                                      Miscellaneous.
 
6.1                               Acknowledgement.  The Company and you 
agree that the Restricted Shares are granted under and governed by the 
Notice, this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan (incorporated herein 
by reference).  You: (a) acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan and the 
Plan prospectus, (b) represent that you have carefully read and are 
familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accept the Restricted Shares 
subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set 
forth in the Plan and the Notice. You hereby agree to accept as binding, 
conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon 
any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice and the Restricted Stock 
Agreement.
 
6.2                               Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights.  
This Agreement, the Plan and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and 
supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, 
commitments or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder 
are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any 
waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in 
writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either 
party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as 
a waiver of any rights of such party.
 
6.3                               Compliance with Laws and Regulations.  
The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance 
by the Company and you with all applicable state, federal and foreign laws 
and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange 
or automated quotation system on which the Companys Common Stock may be 
listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. The Shares 
issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be endorsed with appropriate 
legends, if any, determined by the Company.
 
6.4                               Governing Law; Severability.  If one or 
more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under 
applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good 
faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and 
enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision shall 
be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of this Agreement shall be 
interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of 
this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. This 
Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and 
obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without 
giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating 
any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from the Plan, the Notice 
and this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in 
the
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such 
litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California in San Mateo 
County or the federal courts of the United States for the Northern District 
of California and no other courts.
 
6.5                               Construction.  This Agreement is the 
result of negotiations between and has been reviewed by each of the parties 
hereto and their respective counsel, if any; accordingly, this Agreement 
shall be deemed to be the product of all of the parties hereto, and no 
ambiguity shall be construed in favor of or against any one of the parties 
hereto.
 
6.6                               Notices.  Any notice to be given under 
the terms of the Plan shall be addressed to the Company in care of its 
principal office, and any notice to be given to you shall be addressed to 
you at the address maintained by the Company for such person or at such 
other address as you may specify in writing to the Company.
 
6.7                               Counterparts.  This Agreement may be 
executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall he deemed an 
original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.
 
6.8                               U.S. Tax Consequences.  Unless an 
Election (defined below) is made, upon vesting of Shares, you will include 
in taxable income the difference between the fair market value of the 
vesting Shares, as determined on the date of their vesting, and the price 
paid for the Shares.  This will be treated as ordinary income by you and 
will be subject to withholding by the Company when required by applicable 
law.  In the absence of an Election, the Company shall satisfy the 
withholding requirements as set forth in Section 7 below. If you make an 
Election, then you must, prior to making the Election, pay in cash (or 
check) to the Company an amount equal to the amount the Company is required 
to withhold for income and employment taxes.
 
7.                                      Withholding Taxes and Stock 
Withholding.  Regardless of any action the Company or your actual employer 
(the Employer) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social 
insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding 
(Tax-Related Items), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all 
Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and 
that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or 
undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection 
with any aspect of the Shares received under this award, including the 
award or vesting of such Shares, the subsequent sale of Shares under this 
award and the receipt of any dividends; and (2) do not commit to structure 
the terms of the award or any aspect of the Restricted Shares to reduce or 
eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. You acknowledge that if you 
are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Company 
and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related 
Items in more than one jurisdiction.
 
The Company will only recognize you as a record holder of Shares if you 
have paid or made adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or 
the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations 
of the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the 
Company and/or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items 
legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation paid to 
you by the Company and/or the Employer.  With the Companys consent, these 
arrangements may also include, if permissible under local law, (a) 
withholding Shares that otherwise would be released from the Repurchase 
Right when they vest, provided that the Company only withholds the amount 
of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding amount, 
(b) having the Company withhold taxes from the proceeds of the sale of the 
Shares, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale 
arranged by the Company (on your behalf and you hereby authorize such sales 
by this authorization), (c) your payment of a cash amount, or (d) any other 
arrangement approved by the Company; all under such rules as may be 
established by the Committee and
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
in compliance with the Companys Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading 
Plan Policy, if applicable; provided however, that if you are a Section 16 
officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as 
constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall 
establish the method of withholding from alternatives (a)-(d) above, and 
the Committee shall establish the method prior to the Tax-Related Items 
withholding event.  The Fair Market Value of these Shares, determined as of 
the effective date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, 
will be applied as a credit against the withholding taxes. You shall pay to 
the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the 
Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your 
participation in the Plan or your purchase of Shares that cannot be 
satisfied by the means previously described.  Finally, you acknowledge that 
the Company has no obligation to deliver Shares to you until you have 
satisfied the obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as 
described in this Section.
 
8.                                      Section 83(b) Election.  You hereby 
acknowledges that he or she has been informed that, with respect to the 
purchase of the Shares, an election may be filed by you with the Internal 
Revenue Service, within 30 days of the purchase of the Shares, electing 
pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed currently on any 
difference between the purchase price of the Shares and their Fair Market 
Value on the date of purchase (the Election).  Making the Election will 
result in recognition of taxable income to you on the date of purchase, 
measured by the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of the Shares over 
the purchase price for the Shares.  Absent such an Election, taxable income 
will be measured and recognized by you at the time or times on which the 
Companys Repurchase Right lapses.  You are strongly encouraged to seek the 
advice of his or her own tax consultants in connection with the purchase of 
the Shares and the advisability of filing of the Election.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE 
THAT IT IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY, AND NOT THE COMPANYS 
RESPONSIBILITY, TO TIMELY FILE THE ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b) OF THE 
CODE, EVEN IF YOU REQUEST THE COMPANY, OR ITS REPRESENTATIVE, TO MAKE THIS 
FILING ON YOUR BEHALF.
 
9.                                      Consent to Electronic Delivery of 
All Plan Documents and Disclosures. By acceptance of this Restricted Stock 
Award, you consent to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this 
Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, U.S. financial reports of the Company, 
and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its 
security holders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy 
statements) or other communications or information related to the 
Restricted Stock Award. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a 
link to a Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved 
in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such 
other delivery determined at the Companys discretion. You acknowledge that 
you may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered 
electronically at no cost if you contact the Company by telephone, through 
a postal service or electronic mail at [insert email]. You further 
acknowledge that you will be provided with a paper copy of any documents 
delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails; similarly, you 
understand that you must provide on request to the Company or any 
designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered 
electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, you understand that your 
consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic 
mail address to which documents are delivered (if you have provided an 
electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such 
revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service or electronic mail 
at [insert email]. Finally, you understand that you are not required to 
consent to electronic delivery.
 
10.                               Adjustment.  In the event of a stock 
split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of 
Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Award and the purchase price per 
share may be adjusted pursuant to the Plan.
 
11.                               Award Subject to Company Clawback or 
Recoupment.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Shares shall be 
subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law 
during the term of your employment or other Service with the Company that 
is applicable to you. In addition to any other remedies available under 
such policy, applicable law may require the cancellation of your Shares 
(whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of any gains realized with 
respect to your Shares.
 
BY ACCEPTING THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN.
 
The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth 
above.
 
 
DERMIRA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
 
 
 
 
RECIPIENT:
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
 
 
 
Print Name:
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
RECEIPT
 
Dermira, Inc. hereby acknowledges receipt of (check as applicable):
 
o A check or wire transfer in the amount of $
 
o The cancellation of indebtedness in the amount of $
 
o Given by                                            as consideration for 
the book entry in your name for                          shares of Common 
Stock of Dermira, Inc.
 
o Other method as permitted by the Plan and specifically approved by the 
Board or Committee, and described here:
 
 
Dated:
 
 
 
 
 
 
DERMIRA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
Print Name:
 
 
 
 
Its:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
NOTICE OF PERFORMANCE SHARES AWARD
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Dermira, Inc. 
(the Company) 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) shall have the same 
meanings in this Notice of Performance Shares Award (the Notice) and the 
attached Performance Shares Award Agreement (the Performance Shares 
Agreement). You have been granted an award of Performance Shares (the 
Performance Shares Award) under the Plan subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the attached Performance Shares 
Agreement.
 
Name:
 
Address:
 
Number of Shares:
 
Date of Grant:
 
Fair Market Value on Date of Grant:
 
Vesting Commencement Date:
 
 
 
Vesting Schedule:
 
Subject to the limitations set forth in this Notice, the Plan and the 
Performance Shares Agreement, the Shares will vest in accordance with the 
following schedule: [INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE].
                       
                       
You acknowledge that the vesting of the Performance Shares Award pursuant 
to this Notice is earned only by continuing Service.  By accepting the 
Performance Shares Award, you and the Company agree that the Performance 
Shares Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of 
the Plan, the Notice and the Performance Shares Agreement.  You acknowledge 
and agree that the Vesting Schedule may change prospectively in the event 
that your service status changes between full and part-time status in 
accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of 
awards.  You further acknowledge that the grant of this Performance Shares 
Award by the Company is at the Companys sole discretion, and does not 
entitle you to further grant(s) of Performance Share Award(s) or any other 
award(s) under the Plan or any other plan or program maintained by the 
Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company. By accepting 
the Performance Shares Award, you consent to electronic delivery as set 
forth in the Performance Shares Agreement.
 
 
PARTICIPANT
DERMIRA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Print Name:
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
PERFORMANCE SHARES AGREEMENT
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
You have been granted a Performance Shares Award (Performance Shares Award
) by Dermira, Inc. (the Company), subject to the terms, restrictions and 
conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Performance Shares Award (Notice) 
and this Performance Shares Agreement (this Agreement).
 
1.                                      Settlement. Your Performance Shares 
Award shall be settled in Shares and the Companys transfer agent shall 
record ownership of such Shares in your name as soon as reasonably 
practicable after achievement of the Performance Factors enumerated in the 
Notice.
 
2.                                      No Stockholder Rights.  Unless and 
until you are recorded as the holder of such Shares on the stock records of 
the Company and its transfer agent, you shall have no right to dividends or 
to vote Shares.
 
3.                                      No-Transfer.  Your interest in this 
Performance Shares Award shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, 
hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of.
 
4.                                      Termination.  If your Service 
terminates for any reason, all of your rights under the Plan, this 
Agreement and the Notice in respect of this Award shall immediately 
terminate.  In case of any dispute as to whether a termination of Service 
has occurred, the Committee shall have sole discretion to determine whether 
such termination has occurred and the effective date of such termination.
 
5.                                      Construction.  This Agreement is 
the result of negotiations between and has been reviewed by each of the 
parties hereto and their respective counsel, if any; accordingly, this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be the product of all of the parties hereto, 
and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor of or against any one of the 
parties hereto.
 
6.                                      Notices.  Any notice to be given 
under the terms of the Plan shall be addressed to the Company in care of 
its principal office, and any notice to be given to you shall be addressed 
to you at the address maintained by the Company for such person or at such 
other address as you may specify in writing to the Company.
 
7.                                      Counterparts.  This Agreement may 
be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall he deemed an 
original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.
 
8.                                      Tax Consequences. YOU SHOULD 
CONSULT A TAX ADVISER BEFORE ACQUIRING THE SHARES IN THE JURISDICTION IN 
WHICH HE OR SHE IS SUBJECT TO TAX.  Shares shall not be issued under this 
Agreement unless you make arrangements acceptable to the Company to pay any 
withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the acquisition or vesting 
of Shares.
 
(a)                                 U.S. Tax Consequences.  Upon vesting of 
Shares, you will include in taxable income the difference between the fair 
market value of the vesting Shares, as determined on the date of their 
vesting.  This will be treated as ordinary income by you and will be 
subject to withholding by the Company when required by applicable law.  The 
Company shall satisfy the withholding requirements as set forth in Section 
9 below.
 
9.                                      Withholding Taxes and Stock 
Withholding.  Regardless of any action the Company or your actual employer 
(the Employer) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social 
insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding 
(Tax-Related Items), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all 
Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and 
that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or 
undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection 
with any aspect of the award, including the award or vesting of such 
Shares, the subsequent sale of Shares under this award and the receipt of 
any dividends; and (2) do not commit to structure the terms of the
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. You 
acknowledge that if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one 
jurisdiction, the Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold 
or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
 
The Company will only recognize you as a record holder of Shares if you 
have paid or made adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or 
the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations 
of the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the 
Company and/or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items 
legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation paid to 
you by the Company and/or the Employer.  With the Companys consent, these 
arrangements may also include, if permissible under local law, (a) 
withholding Shares that otherwise would be issued to you when they vest, 
provided that the Company only withholds the amount of Shares necessary to 
satisfy the minimum statutory withholding amount, (b) having the Company 
withhold taxes from the proceeds of the sale of the Shares, either through 
a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on 
your behalf and you hereby authorize such sales by this authorization), (c) 
your payment of a cash amount, or (d) any other arrangement approved by the 
Company; all under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in 
compliance with the Companys Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading 
Plan Policy, if applicable; provided however, that if you are a Section 16 
officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as 
constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall 
establish the method of withholding from alternatives (a)-(d) above, and 
the Committee shall establish the method prior to the Tax-Related Items 
withholding event.  The Fair Market Value of these Shares, determined as of 
the effective date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, 
will be applied as a credit against the withholding taxes. You shall pay to 
the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the 
Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your 
participation in the Plan or your purchase of Shares that cannot be 
satisfied by the means previously described.  Finally, you acknowledge that 
the Company has no obligation to deliver Shares to you until you have 
satisfied the obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as 
described in this Section.
 
10.                               Acknowledgement.  The Company and you 
agree that the Performance Shares Award is granted under and governed by 
the Notice, this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan (incorporated 
herein by reference).  You: (a) acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan 
and the Plan prospectus, (b) represent that you have carefully read and are 
familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accept the Performance 
Shares Award subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein 
and those set forth in the Plan and the Notice. You hereby agree to accept 
as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the 
Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice and this 
Agreement.
 
11.                               Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights. 
This Agreement, the Plan and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and 
supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, 
commitments or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder 
are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any 
waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in 
writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either 
party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as 
a waiver of any rights of such party.
 
12.                               Compliance with Laws and Regulations.  
The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance 
by the Company and you with all applicable state, federal and foreign laws 
and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange 
or automated quotation system on which the Companys Common Stock may be 
listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. The Shares 
issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be endorsed with appropriate 
legends, if any, determined by the Company.
 
13.                               Governing Law; Severability. If one or 
more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under 
applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good 
faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and 
enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision shall 
be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of this Agreement shall be 
interpreted as if
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of this Agreement shall 
be enforceable in accordance with its terms. This Agreement and all acts 
and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the 
parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance 
with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles 
of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise 
directly or indirectly from the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement, the 
parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation 
shall be conducted only in the courts of California in San Mateo County or 
the federal courts of the United States for the Northern District of 
California and no other courts.
 
14.                               No Rights as Employee, Director or 
Consultant.  Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner 
whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent, Subsidiary or 
Affiliate of the Company, to terminate your Service, for any reason, with 
or without Cause.
 
15.                               Consent to Electronic Delivery of All 
Plan Documents and Disclosures. By acceptance of this Performance Shares 
Award, you consent to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this 
Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, U.S. financial reports of the Company, 
and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its 
security holders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy 
statements) or other communications or information related to the 
Performance Shares Award. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a 
link to a Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved 
in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such 
other delivery determined at the Companys discretion. You acknowledge that 
you may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered 
electronically at no cost if you contact the Company by telephone, through 
a postal service or electronic mail at [insert email].  You further 
acknowledge that you will be provided with a paper copy of any documents 
delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails; similarly, you 
understand that you must provide on request to the Company or any 
designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered 
electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, you understand that your 
consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic 
mail address to which documents are delivered (if you have provided an 
electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such 
revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service or electronic mail 
at [insert email]. Finally, you understand that you are not required to 
consent to electronic delivery.
 
16.                               Adjustment.  In the event of a stock 
split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of 
Shares covered by the Performance Shares Award may be adjusted pursuant to 
the Plan.
 
17.                               Award Subject to Company Clawback or 
Recoupment.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, Performance Shares 
Award shall be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any 
compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required 
by law during the term of your employment or other Service with the Company 
that is applicable to you. In addition to any other remedies available 
under such policy, applicable law may require the cancellation of your 
Performance Shares Award (whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of 
any gains realized with respect to your Performance Shares Award.
 
BY ACCEPTING THE PERFORMANCE SHARES AWARD, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
NOTICE OF STOCK BONUS AWARD
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Dermira, Inc. 
(the Company) 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) shall have the same 
meanings in this Notice of Stock Bonus Award (the Notice) and the 
attached Stock Bonus Award Agreement (the Stock Bonus Agreement). You 
have been granted an award of Shares under the Plan (the Stock Bonus Award
) subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the 
attached Stock Bonus Agreement.
 
Name:
 
 
 
Address:
 
 
 
Number of Shares:
 
 
 
Date of Grant:
 
 
 
Vesting Commencement Date:
[INSERT DATE HERE].
 
 
Vesting Schedule:
[INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE HERE].
                    
You acknowledge that the vesting of the Shares pursuant to this Notice is 
earned only by continuing Service.  By accepting this Stock Bonus Award, 
you and the Company agree that this Stock Bonus Award is granted under and 
governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice and the Stock 
Bonus Agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that the Vesting Schedule may 
change prospectively in the event that your Service status changes between 
full and part-time status in accordance with Company policies relating to 
work schedules and vesting of awards.  You further acknowledge that the 
grant of this Stock Bonus Award by the Company is at the Companys sole 
discretion, and does not entitle you to further grant(s) of Stock Bonus 
Award(s) or any other award(s) under the Plan or any other plan or program 
maintained by the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate of the 
Company.  By accepting this Stock Bonus Award, you consent to electronic 
delivery as set forth in the Stock Bonus Agreement.
 
PARTICIPANT
DERMIRA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Print Name:
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
STOCK BONUS AWARD AGREEMENT
 
DERMIRA, INC.
2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
You have been granted a Stock Bonus Award (Stock Bonus Award) by Dermira, 
Inc. (the Company), subject to the terms, restrictions and conditions of 
the Plan, the Notice of Stock Bonus Award (the Notice) and this Stock 
Bonus Award Agreement (this Agreement).
 
1.                                      Issuance.  Your Stock Bonus Award 
shall be issued in Shares, and the Companys transfer agent shall record 
ownership of such Shares in your name as soon as reasonably practicable.
 
2.                                      No Stockholder Rights.  Unless and 
until you are recorded as the holder of such Shares on the stock records of 
the Company and its transfer agent, you shall have no right to dividends or 
to vote Shares.
 
3.                                      No Transfer.  In addition to any 
other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities laws or any 
other agreement between the Company and you, you may not transfer any 
Unvested Shares, or any interest therein, unless consented to in writing by 
a duly authorized representative of the Company.  Any purported transfer is 
void and of no effect, and no purported transferee thereof will be 
recognized as a holder of the Unvested Shares for any purpose whatsoever.  
Should such a transfer purport to occur, the Company may refuse to carry 
out the transfer on its books, set aside the transfer, or exercise any 
other legal or equitable remedy.  In the event the Company consents to a 
transfer of Unvested Shares, all transferees of Shares or any interest 
therein will receive and hold such Shares or interest subject to the 
provisions of this Agreement.  Unvested Shares are Shares that have not 
yet vested pursuant to the terms of the vesting schedule set forth in the 
Notice.
 
4.                                      Termination.  If your Service 
terminates for any reason, all Unvested Shares shall immediately be 
forfeited to the Company, and all rights you have to such Unvested Shares 
shall immediately terminate.  In case of any dispute as to whether a 
termination of Service has occurred, the Committee shall have sole 
discretion to determine whether such termination has occurred and the 
effective date of such termination.
 
5.                                      Construction.  This Agreement is 
the result of negotiations between and has been reviewed by each of the 
parties hereto and their respective counsel, if any; accordingly, this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be the product of all of the parties hereto, 
and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor of or against any one of the 
parties hereto.
 
6.                                      Notices.  Any notice to be given 
under the terms of the Plan shall be addressed to the Company in care of 
its principal office, and any notice to be given to you shall be addressed 
to you at the address maintained by the Company for such person or at such 
other address as you may specify in writing to the Company.
 
7.                                      Counterparts.  This Agreement may 
be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall he deemed an 
original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.
 
8.                                      Tax Consequences. YOU SHOULD 
CONSULT A TAX ADVISER BEFORE ACQUIRING THE SHARES IN THE JURISDICTION IN 
WHICH YOU ARE SUBJECT TO TAX.  Shares shall not be issued under this 
Agreement unless you make arrangements acceptable to the Company to pay any 
withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the acquisition or vesting 
of Shares.
 
(a)                                 U.S. Tax Consequences.  Upon vesting of 
Shares, you will include in taxable income the difference between the fair 
market value of the vesting Shares, as determined on the date of their 
vesting.  This will be treated as ordinary income by you and will be 
subject to withholding by the Company when required by applicable law.  The 
Company shall satisfy the withholding requirements as set forth in Section 
9 below.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
9.                                      Withholding Taxes and Stock 
Withholding.  Regardless of any action the Company or your actual employer 
(the Employer) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social 
insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding 
(Tax-Related Items), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all 
Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and 
that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or 
undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection 
with any aspect of the award, including the award or vesting of such 
Shares, the subsequent sale of Shares under this award and the receipt of 
any dividends; and (2) do not commit to structure the terms of the award to 
reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. You acknowledge 
that if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, 
the Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for 
Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
 
The Company will only recognize you as a record holder of Shares if you 
have paid or made adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or 
the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations 
of the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the 
Company and/or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items 
legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation paid to 
you by the Company and/or the Employer.  With the Companys consent, these 
arrangements may also include, if permissible under local law, (a) 
withholding Shares that otherwise would be released when they vest, 
provided that the Company only withholds the amount of Shares necessary to 
satisfy the minimum statutory withholding amount, (b) having the Company 
withhold taxes from the proceeds of the sale of the Shares, either through 
a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on 
your behalf and you hereby authorize such sales by this authorization), (c) 
your payment of a cash amount, or (d) any other arrangement approved by the 
Company; all under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in 
compliance with the Companys Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading 
Plan Policy, if applicable; provided however, that if you are a Section 16 
officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as 
constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall 
establish the method of withholding from alternatives (a)-(d) above, and 
the Committee shall establish the method prior to the Tax-Related Items 
withholding event.  The Fair Market Value of these Shares, determined as of 
the effective date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, 
will be applied as a credit against the withholding taxes. You shall pay to 
the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the 
Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your 
participation in the Plan or your purchase of Shares that cannot be 
satisfied by the means previously described.  Finally, you acknowledge that 
the Company has no obligation to deliver Shares to you until you have 
satisfied the obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as 
described in this Section.
 
10.                               Acknowledgement.  The Company and you 
agree that the Stock Bonus Award is granted under and governed by the 
Notice, this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan (incorporated herein 
by reference).  You: (a) acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan and the 
Plan prospectus, (b) represent that you have carefully read and are 
familiar with their provisions, and (c) hereby accept the Stock Bonus Award 
subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set 
forth in the Plan and the Notice. You hereby agree to accept as binding, 
conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon 
any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice and the Stock Bonus Award.
 
11.                               Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights.  
This Agreement, the Plan and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and 
supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, 
commitments or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder 
are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any 
waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in 
writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either 
party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as 
a waiver of any rights of such party.
 
12.                               Compliance with Laws and Regulations.  
The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance 
by the Company and you with all applicable state, federal and foreign laws 
and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange 
or automated quotation system on which the Companys
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Common Stock may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or 
transfer. The Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be endorsed 
with appropriate legends, if any, determined by the Company.
 
13.                               Governing Law; Severability. If one or 
more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under 
applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good 
faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and 
enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision shall 
be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of this Agreement shall be 
interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (c) the balance of 
this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. This 
Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and 
obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without 
giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.  For purposes of 
litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from the Plan, 
the Notice and this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to 
litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and 
agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of 
California in San Mateo County or the federal courts of the United States 
for the Northern District of California and no other courts.
 
14.                               No Rights as Employee, Director or 
Consultant.  Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner 
whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent, Subsidiary or 
Affiliate of the Company, to terminate your Service, for any reason, with 
or without Cause.
 
15.                               Consent to Electronic Delivery of All 
Plan Documents and Disclosures.  By acceptance of this Stock Bonus Award, 
you consent to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this Agreement, the 
Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other 
documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders 
(including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements) or 
other communications or information related to the Stock Bonus Award. 
Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to a Company 
intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering 
the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other delivery 
determined at the Companys discretion. You acknowledge that you may 
receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered 
electronically at no cost if you contact the Company by telephone, through 
a postal service or electronic mail at [insert email].  You further 
acknowledge that you will be provided with a paper copy of any documents 
delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails; similarly, you 
understand that you must provide on request to the Company or any 
designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered 
electronically if electronic delivery fails. Also, you understand that your 
consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic 
mail address to which documents are delivered (if you have provided an 
electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such 
revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service or electronic mail 
at [insert email]. Finally, you understand that you are not required to 
consent to electronic delivery.
 
16.                               Adjustment.  In the event of a stock 
split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of 
Shares covered by the Stock Bonus Award may be adjusted pursuant to the 
Plan.
 
17.                               Award Subject to Company Clawback or 
Recoupment.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Stock Bonus 
Award shall be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any 
compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required 
by law during the term of your employment or other Service with the Company 
that is applicable to you. In addition to any other remedies available 
under such policy, applicable law may require the cancellation of your 
Stock Bonus Award (whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of any 
gains realized with respect to your Stock Bonus Award.
 
BY ACCEPTING THE STOCK BONUS AWARD, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 