 EX-10.2 9 exh10-2.htm ASSIGNMENT OF PATENT NO. 8,169,115 FROM EDWARD R. 
MONFORT TO THE COMPANY
Exhibit 10.2

IN THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE

APPLICANT
:
EDWARD RIGGS MONFORT
  	  	  	  	 
SERIAL NO.   :   12/291,720
  	
FILED
:
Nov. 13, 2008
  	  	  	  	 
PATENT NO.   :     8,169,115
  	
ISSUED
:
May 1, 2012
  	  	  	  	 
FOR
:
MOTOR DISTRIBUTOR SYSTEM
  	  	 
ATTY DOCKET NO
:
MJ 10/01

ASSIGNMENT

IN CONSIDERATION OF good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is 
hereby acknowledged I, EDWARD RIGGS MONFORT, do hereby sell, transfer, set 
over and assign unto

Adomani, Inc.
36181 Eastlake Rd., #141
Palm Harbor, FL 34685

and its successors, assigns, nominees, or other legal representatives, all 
of my entire right, title and interest in and to the improvements in a

MOTOR DISTRIBUTOR SYSTEM

invented by me, EDWARD RIGGS MONFORT, and the application for United States 
patent filed Nov. 13, 2008, Serial No. 12/291,720 issued May 1, 2012 as 
U.S. Patent Number 8,169,115,  and continuations, divisions and reissues 
thereof, and the right to apply for and obtain patents in countries foreign 
to the United States, and in and to any Letters Patent which may be granted 
thereon in such foreign countries, and authorize and request the 
Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks of the United States, and any 
official of any country or countries foreign to the United States whose 
duty it is to issue patents on applications as aforesaid, to successors, 
assigns, nominees or other legal representatives, as assignees and owners 
of the said entire interest and covenant, that I assigned and that I have 
not executed and will not execute any agreement in conflict herewith, and 
agree that I will communicate to said assignee, its successors, assigns, 
nominees or other legal representatives, all facts known to me respecting 
said invention whenever requested, and testify in any legal proceedings, 
sign all lawful papers, execute and deliver all divisional, continuing or 
reissue applications, make all rightful oaths and do all lawful acts 
requisite for the application for such divisional, continuing or reissue 
applications, or the procuring thereof, and that if and when said assignee, 
its successors, assigns, nominees or other legal representatives desire to 
file

ERM
Initial
Page 1 of 2


------------------------------------------------------------------------



a disclaimer relating thereto, I will, upon request, sign and deliver all 
lawful papers requisite for the filing of such a disclaimer, and I further 
covenant and agree that I will, at any time upon request, do everything 
legally possible to aid said assignee, its successors, assigns, nominees or 
other legal representatives, either in my own or its own name, to apply 
for, obtain and enforce proper patent protection for said improvements  in 
all countries, including priority rights granted to patents in foreign 
countries according to the International Convention of 1883 and all the 
laws and treaties in force, all without further consideration but at the 
expense of said assignee, its successors, assigns, nominees or other legal 
representatives.

The undersigned  declares further that all statements made herein of his 
own knowledge  are true and that all statements on information and belief 
are believed to be true; that he has read this assignment and understands 
the contents hereof; and, further, that these statements were made with the 
knowledge that willful false statements and the like so made are punishable 
by fine or imprisonment, or both, under Section 1001 of Title 18 of the 
United States Code and that such willful false statements may jeopardize 
the validity of the application or any patent issuing thereon.

Witness:
  	 
  	  	 
  	  	
EDWARD RIGGS MONFORT
  	  	
EDWARD RIGGS MONFORT
  	  	
36181 Eastlake Road, #141
  	  	
Palm Harbor, FL  34685
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	
Date:
9-21-12





















ERM
Initial
Page 2 of 2

