 EX-10.21 6 d638429dex1021.htm EX-10.21
Exhibit 10.21


SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

This SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE dated and effective as of December 20, 2013 (as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, 
this Guaranty) by and among each Subsidiary listed on the signature page 
hereof and each other Subsidiary that becomes a party hereto after the date 
hereof (each a Subsidiary Guarantor and, collectively, the Subsidiary 
Guarantors) and CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., as collateral agent 
(together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the 
Agent) for the Secured Parties (as defined below).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of the date 
hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the Credit Agreement), among AP Gaming Holdings, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (Holdings), AP Gaming I, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company and a Subsidiary of Holdings (the Borrower), 
the Lenders party thereto from time to time, the Agent, as administrative 
agent, and the other parties thereto, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks 
have agreed to extend credit to the Borrower upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth therein;

WHEREAS, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks have agreed to extend credit to 
the Borrower subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit 
Agreement. The obligations of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks to extend 
such credit are conditioned upon, among other things, the execution and 
delivery of this Guaranty. The Subsidiary Guarantors, as affiliates of the 
Borrower, will derive substantial benefits from the extension of credit to 
the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The Subsidiary Guarantors 
are willing to execute and deliver this Guaranty in order to induce the 
Lenders and the Issuing Banks to extend such credit under the Credit 
Agreement.

Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

(a) Credit Agreement.

(i) Capitalized terms used in this Guaranty and not otherwise defined 
herein have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Credit 
Agreement.

(ii) The rules of construction specified in Section 1.02 of the Credit 
Agreement also apply to this Guaranty.

(b) Other Defined Terms. As used in this Guaranty, the following terms have 
the meanings specified below:

Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statement 
of this Guaranty.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory 
paragraph of this Guaranty.

Claiming Guarantor has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(b).

Contributing Guarantor has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6(b).

Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary 
statement of this Guaranty.

Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2(a).

Holdings has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary 
statement of this Guaranty.

Subsidiary Guarantor has the meaning assigned to such term in the 
preliminary statement of this Guaranty.


2. THE GUARANTY

(a) Guaranty of Guaranteed Obligations. Each Subsidiary Guarantor 
unconditionally guarantees to the Agent, jointly and severally with the 
other Guarantors, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, the due 
and punctual payment and performance of the Obligations (the Guaranteed 
Obligations) for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Each Subsidiary 
Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or 
renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, 
and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any 
extension or renewal of any Guaranteed Obligation. Each Subsidiary 
Guarantor waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to the 
Borrower or any other Loan Party of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and 
also waives notice of acceptance of its guarantee and notice of protest for 
nonpayment.

(b) Guaranty of Payment. Each Subsidiary Guarantor further agrees that its 
guarantee hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due and not of 
collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by the 
Agent or any other Secured Party to any security held for the payment of 
the Guaranteed Obligations or to any balance of any deposit account or 
credit on the books of the Agent or any other Secured Party in favor of the 
Borrower or any other person.

(c) No Limitations. Except for termination or release of a Subsidiary 
Guarantors obligations hereunder as expressly provided for in Section 
5(g)(i), the obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder shall not 
be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any 
reason, including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or 
compromise, and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, 
counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the 
invalidity,
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
illegality or unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise 
(other than defense of payment or performance). Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor 
hereunder, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be 
discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of the 
Agent or any other Secured Party to assert any claim or demand or to 
exercise or enforce any right or remedy under the provisions of any Loan 
Document or otherwise; (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or 
modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of, any 
Loan Document or any other agreement, including with respect to any other 
Subsidiary Guarantor under this Guaranty; (iii) the failure to perfect any 
security interest in, or the exchange, substitution, release or any 
impairment of, any security held by the Agent or any other Secured Party 
for the Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any default, failure or delay, willful 
or otherwise, in the performance of the Guaranteed Obligations; (v) any 
other act or omission that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary 
the risk of any Guarantor or otherwise operate as a discharge of any 
Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the payment in full in 
cash in immediately available funds of all the Guaranteed Obligations); 
(vi) any illegality, lack of validity or enforceability of any Guaranteed 
Obligation; (vii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or 
ownership of the Borrower, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or 
other similar proceeding affecting the Borrower or its assets or any 
resulting release or discharge of any Guaranteed Obligation (other than the 
payment in full in cash in immediately available funds of all the 
Guaranteed Obligations); (viii) the existence of any claim, set-off or 
other rights that such Subsidiary Guarantor may have at any time against 
the Borrower, the Agent, or any other corporation or person, whether in 
connection herewith or any unrelated transactions; provided, that nothing 
herein will prevent the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or 
compulsory counterclaim; and (ix) any other circumstance (including, 
without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or 
reliance on any representation by the Agent that might otherwise constitute 
a defense to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, the Borrower or any 
other Loan Party or any other guarantor or surety (other than defense of 
payment or performance). Each Subsidiary Guarantor expressly authorizes the 
Secured Parties (or the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties) to take and 
hold security for the payment and performance of the Guaranteed 
Obligations, to exchange, waive or release any or all such security (with 
or without consideration), to enforce or apply such security and direct the 
order and manner of any sale thereof in their sole discretion or to release 
or substitute any one or more other guarantors or obligors upon or in 
respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, all without affecting the 
obligations of any Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder. To the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, each Subsidiary Guarantor waives any defense 
based on or arising out of any defense of any other Guarantor or the 
unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof from any 
cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any other 
Guarantor, other than the payment in full in cash in immediately available 
funds of all the Guaranteed Obligations. The Agent and the other Secured 
Parties may, at their election, foreclose on any security held by one or 
more of them by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an 
assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure, compromise or 
adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation 
with the Borrower or any other Loan Party or exercise any other right or
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
remedy available to them against the Borrower or any other Loan Party, 
without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Subsidiary 
Guarantor hereunder except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have 
been paid in full in cash in immediately available funds. To the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, each Subsidiary Guarantor waives any 
defense arising out of any such election even though such election 
operates, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or to extinguish any right 
of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Subsidiary 
Guarantor against any other Guarantor, as the case may be, or any security.

(d) Reinstatement. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5(g), each 
Subsidiary Guarantor agrees that its guarantee hereunder shall continue to 
be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, 
or any part thereof, of any Guaranteed Obligation is rescinded or must 
otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or any other Secured Party 
upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization 
of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or upon or as a result of the 
appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or 
similar officer for, the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any 
substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment 
had not been made.

(e) Agreement To Pay; Subrogation. In furtherance of the foregoing and not 
in limitation of any other right that the Agent or any other Secured Party 
has at law or in equity against any Subsidiary Guarantor by virtue hereof, 
upon the failure of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to pay any 
Guaranteed Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at 
maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, each 
Subsidiary Guarantor hereby promises to and will forthwith pay, or cause to 
be paid, to the Agent for distribution to the applicable Secured Party in 
cash in immediately available funds the amount of such unpaid Guaranteed 
Obligation. Upon payment by any Subsidiary Guarantor of any sums to the 
Agent as provided above, all rights of such Subsidiary Guarantor against 
the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising as a result thereof by way of 
right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise 
shall in all respects be subject to Section 6.

(f) Information. Each Subsidiary Guarantor assumes all responsibility for 
being and keeping itself informed of the Borrowers and each other Loan 
Partys financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances 
bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the 
nature, scope and extent of the risks that such Subsidiary Guarantor 
assumes and incurs hereunder, and agrees that neither the Agent nor any 
other Secured Party will have any duty to advise such Subsidiary Guarantor 
of information known to it or any of them regarding such circumstances or 
risks.

(g) Maximum Liability. Each Subsidiary Guarantor, and by its acceptance of 
this Guaranty, the Agent and each Secured Party hereby confirms that it is 
the intention of all such persons that this Guaranty and the Guaranteed 
Obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder not constitute a 
fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code 
or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership 
or similar law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the 
extent applicable to this Guaranty and the Guaranteed Obligations of each 
Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the 
Agent, the Secured Parties and the Subsidiary Guarantors hereby irrevocably 
agree that the Guaranty Obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under this 
Guaranty at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result 
in the Guaranteed Obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor under this 
Guaranty not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

(h) Representations and Warranties. Each Subsidiary Guarantor acknowledges 
and agrees that it is familiar with the Credit Agreement and the 
representations and warranties applicable to it thereunder. Each Subsidiary 
Guarantor also agrees that the representations and warranties contained in 
Article III of the Credit Agreement, insofar as the representations and 
warranties contained therein are applicable to any Subsidiary Guarantor and 
its properties, are true and correct in all material respects on each date 
on which such representations and warranties are repeated in accordance 
with the Loan Documents (except to the extent they relate to any earlier 
date in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects 
as of such earlier date), each representation and warranty set forth in 
Article III of the Credit Agreement (insofar as applicable as aforesaid) 
and all other terms of the Credit Agreement to which reference is made 
therein, together with all related definitions and ancillary provisions, 
being hereby incorporated into this Guaranty by this reference as though 
specifically set forth in this Section 2(h).

(i) Covenants. Each Subsidiary Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it is 
familiar with the Credit Agreement and the covenants applicable to it 
thereunder. Each Subsidiary Guarantor covenants and agrees that, at all 
times prior to the termination of this Guaranty in accordance with Section 
5(g), it will be bound by all of the agreements, covenants and obligations 
contained in Articles V and VI of the Credit Agreement, to the extent 
applicable to such Subsidiary Guarantor, each such agreement, covenant and 
obligation contained in Articles V and VI of the Credit Agreement, together 
with all related definitions and ancillary provisions, being hereby 
incorporated into this Guaranty by this reference as though specifically 
set forth in this Section 2(i).


3. FURTHER ASSURANCES

Each Subsidiary Guarantor agrees, upon the written request of the Agent, to 
execute and deliver to the Agent, from time to time, any additional 
instruments or documents reasonably considered necessary by the Agent to 
cause this Guaranty to be, become or remain valid and effective in 
accordance with its terms.


4. PAYMENTS FREE AND CLEAR OF TAXES

Each Subsidiary Guarantor agrees that it will perform or observe all of the 
terms, covenants and agreements that Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement 
requires such Subsidiary Guarantor to perform or observe, subject to the 
qualifications set forth therein.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. OTHER TERMS

(a) Entire Agreement. This Guaranty, together with the other Loan 
Documents, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements 
relating to a guaranty of the Loans under the Loan Documents.

(b) Headings. The headings in this Guaranty are for convenience of 
reference only, are not part of this Guaranty and are not to affect the 
construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this 
Guaranty.

(c) Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained 
in this Guaranty should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired 
thereby. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace 
the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the 
economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable provisions.

(d) Notices. All communications and notices hereunder shall (except as 
otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing and given as provided 
in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement. All communications and notices 
hereunder to any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be given to it in care of the 
Borrower, with such notice to be given as provided in Section 9.01 of the 
Credit Agreement.

(e) Successors and Assigns. Whenever in this Guaranty any Guarantor is 
referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the permitted 
successors and assigns of such party in accordance with the terms of the 
Credit Agreement; and all covenants, promises and agreements by any 
Subsidiary Guarantor that are contained in this Guaranty shall bind and 
inure to the benefit of its permitted successors and assigns.

(f) Waivers; Amendment; Extension of Time.

(i) No failure or delay by the Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any 
other Secured Party in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder 
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise 
of any such right, power or remedy, or any abandonment or discontinuance of 
steps to enforce such a right, power or remedy, preclude any other or 
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or 
remedy. The rights, powers and remedies of the Agent, any Issuing Bank, the 
Lenders or any other Secured Party hereunder are cumulative and are not 
exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies that they would otherwise have. 
No waiver of any provision of this Guaranty or consent to any departure by 
any Subsidiary Guarantor therefrom shall in any event be effective unless 
the same shall be permitted by paragraph (ii) of this Section 5(f), and 
then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific 
instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or the issuance of a 
Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event 
of Default, regardless of whether the Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank 
or any other Secured Party may have had notice or knowledge of such Default 
or Event of Default at the time. No notice or
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
demand on any Guarantor in any case shall entitle any Subsidiary Guarantor 
to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 
When making any demand hereunder against any of the Guarantors, the Agent 
or any other Secured Party may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a 
similar demand on the Borrower or any other Guarantor or guarantor, and any 
failure by the Agent or any other Secured Party to make any such demand or 
to collect any payments from the Borrower or any other Guarantor or 
guarantor or any release of the Borrower or any other Guarantor or 
guarantor shall not relieve any of the Subsidiary Guarantors in respect of 
which a demand or collection is not made or any of the Subsidiary 
Guarantors not so released of their several obligations or liabilities 
hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, express 
or implied, or as a matter of law, of the Agent or any other Secured Party 
against any of the Subsidiary Guarantors. For the purposes hereof demand 
shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings.

(ii) Neither this Guaranty nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended 
or modified (other than termination or release of this Guaranty pursuant to 
Section 5(g)) except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing 
entered into by the Agent and the Subsidiary Guarantor or Subsidiary 
Guarantors with respect to which such waiver, amendment or modification is 
to apply, subject to any consent required in accordance with Section 9.08 
of the Credit Agreement.

(g) Termination or Release.

(i) This Guaranty and each Subsidiary Guarantors obligations hereunder 
shall automatically terminate and/or be released (x) upon the occurrence of 
the Termination Date, or (y) otherwise in accordance with Section 9.18 of 
the Credit Agreement.

(ii) In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section 
5(g), the Agent shall execute and deliver to the Borrower, at the 
Borrowers expense, all documents that the Borrower shall reasonably 
request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery 
of documents pursuant to this Section 5(g) shall be made without recourse 
to or warranty by the Agent. The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable and 
documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent (and its 
representatives and counsel) in connection with the execution and delivery 
of such release documents or instruments.

(h) Counterparts. This Guaranty may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which, 
when taken together, shall constitute but one contract. Delivery of an 
executed counterpart to this Guaranty by facsimile or other electronic 
transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed 
original.

(i) Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and 
warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document shall survive the 
execution and delivery of this Guaranty and the other Loan Documents and 
any increase in Commitments under the Credit Agreement.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. INDEMNITY; SUBROGATION AND SUBORDINATION

(a) Indemnity and Subrogation. In addition to all such rights of indemnity 
and subrogation as the Subsidiary Guarantors may have under applicable law 
(but subject to Section 6(c)), the Borrower agrees that (i) in the event a 
payment shall be made by any Subsidiary Guarantor under this Guaranty in 
respect of any Guaranteed Obligation of the Borrower, the Borrower shall 
indemnify such Subsidiary Guarantor for the full amount of such payment and 
such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be subrogated to the rights of the person 
to whom such payment shall have been made to the extent of such payment and 
(ii) in the event any assets of any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be sold 
pursuant to any Security Document to satisfy in whole or in part a 
Guaranteed Obligation of the Borrower, the Borrower shall indemnify such 
Subsidiary Guarantor in an amount equal to the greater of the book value or 
the fair market value of the assets so sold.

(b) Contribution and Subrogation. Each Subsidiary Guarantor (a 
Contributing Guarantor) agrees (subject to Section 6(c)) that, in the 
event a payment shall be made by any other Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder 
in respect of any Guaranteed Obligation or assets of any other Subsidiary 
Guarantor shall be sold pursuant to any Security Document to satisfy any 
Guaranteed Obligation owed to any Secured Party and such other Subsidiary 
Guarantor (the Claiming Guarantor) shall not have been fully indemnified 
by the Borrower as provided in Section 6(a) hereof, the Contributing 
Guarantor shall indemnify the Claiming Guarantor in an amount equal to the 
amount of such payment or the greater of the book value or the fair market 
value of such assets, as applicable, in each case multiplied by a fraction 
of which the numerator shall be the net worth of such Contributing 
Guarantor on the date hereof and the denominator shall be the aggregate net 
worth of all the Subsidiary Guarantors on the date hereof (or, in the case 
of any Subsidiary Guarantor becoming a party hereto pursuant to Section 
5.10 of the First Lien Credit Agreement, the date of the supplement hereto 
executed and delivered by such Subsidiary Guarantor). Any Contributing 
Guarantor making any payment to a Claiming Guarantor pursuant to this 
Section 6(b) shall be subrogated to the rights of such Claiming Guarantor 
under Section 6(a) hereof to the extent of such payment. The provisions of 
this Section 6(b) shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities 
of any Subsidiary Guarantor to the Agent and the other Secured Parties, and 
each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable to the Agent and the other 
Secured Parties for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor 
hereunder.

(c) Subordination. Notwithstanding any provision of this Guaranty to the 
contrary, all rights of the Subsidiary Guarantors under Sections 6(a) and 
6(b) and all other rights of indemnity, contribution or subrogation of any 
Subsidiary Guarantor under applicable law or otherwise shall be fully 
subordinated to the Guaranteed Obligations until the occurrence of the 
Termination Date. Notwithstanding any payment or payments made by any of 
the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder or any set-off or appropriation or 
application of funds of any of the Subsidiary Guarantors by any Secured 
Party, no Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of 
the rights of the Agent or any other Secured Party against the Borrower or 
any other Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right of 
set-off held by any Secured Party for the payment of the Guaranteed 
Obligations until the Termination Date shall have occurred, nor shall any
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subsidiary Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or 
reimbursement from the Borrower or any other Guarantor in respect of 
payments made by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder until the Termination 
Date shall have occurred. If any amount shall be paid to any Subsidiary 
Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time prior to the 
Termination Date of the Guaranteed Obligations, such amount shall be held 
by such Subsidiary Guarantor in trust for the Agent and the other Secured 
Parties, segregated from other funds of such Subsidiary Guarantor, and 
shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Subsidiary Guarantor, be paid to the 
Agent to be credited and applied against the Guaranteed Obligations, 
whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the First 
Lien Credit Agreement. No failure on the part of the Borrower or any 
Subsidiary Guarantor to make the payments required by Sections 6(a) and 
6(b) (or any other payments required under applicable law or otherwise) 
shall in any respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any 
Subsidiary Guarantor with respect to its obligations hereunder, and each 
Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable for the full amount of the 
obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder.


7. GOVERNING LAW

THIS GUARANTY AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS 
GUARANTY SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK.


8. JURISDICTION; CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS

(a) Each Subsidiary Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that 
it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or 
description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or 
otherwise, against the Agent, any other Secured Party, or any Affiliate of 
the foregoing, in any way relating to this Guaranty or the transactions 
relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State 
of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District 
Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from 
any thereof, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that 
all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be 
heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. Each of the parties 
hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or 
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions 
by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in 
this Guaranty shall affect any right that the Agent or any other Secured 
Party may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this 
Guaranty against any Subsidiary Guarantor or its properties in the courts 
of any jurisdiction.

(b) Each party to this Guaranty hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any 
objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any 
suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guaranty in 
any New York State or federal court. Each of the parties hereto hereby 
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of 
an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in 
any such court.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Each party to this Guaranty irrevocably consents to service of process 
in the manner provided for notices in Section 5(d). Nothing in this 
Guaranty will affect the right of any party to this Guaranty to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law.


9. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY 
LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS GUARANTY. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, 
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR 
OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, 
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE 
OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS GUARANTY BY, 
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 
9.


10. RIGHT OF SET-OFF

If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender 
is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all 
deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any 
time held and other Indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender to or for 
the credit or the account of any Subsidiary Guarantor against any of and 
all the obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor now or hereafter existing 
under this Guaranty owed to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not 
such Lender shall have made any demand under this Guaranty and although 
such obligations may be unmatured; provided, however, that any Defaulting 
Lenders set-off right hereunder shall be subject to Section 9.06 of the 
Credit Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, no Lender or any of its respective Affiliates shall have a right to 
set off and apply any deposits held by, or other Indebtedness owing by, 
such Lender or any of its Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of 
any subsidiary of a Loan Party that (i) is not a United States person 
within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or (ii) is a 
subsidiary of a person described in clause (i), unless (in either case) 
such subsidiary is not a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Agent after any 
such set off and application made by such Lender; provided, that the 
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set off 
and application. The rights of each Lender under this Section 10 are in 
addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set off) 
that such Lender may have.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11. ADDITIONAL SUBSIDIARIES

Upon execution and delivery by any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is 
required or permitted to become a party hereto by Section 5.10(c) of the 
Credit Agreement (or that is referred to in clause (ii) of the definition 
of Subsidiary Loan Party) of an instrument substantially in the form of 
Exhibit A hereto (or another instrument reasonably satisfactory to the 
Agent and the Borrower), subject to the applicable Requirements of Law 
(including Gaming Laws), such Subsidiary shall become a Subsidiary 
Guarantor hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named 
as a Subsidiary Guarantor herein. The execution and delivery of any such 
instrument shall not require the consent of any other party to this 
Guaranty. The rights and obligations of each party to this Guaranty shall 
remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new 
party to this Guaranty. Each reference to Subsidiary Guarantor or 
Guarantor in this Guaranty shall be deemed to include such Subsidiary.


12. AGENCY OF BORROWER FOR SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS

Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereby appoints the Borrower as its agent 
for all purposes relevant to this Guaranty and the other Loan Documents, 
including the giving and receipt of notices and the execution and delivery 
of all documents, instruments and certificates contemplated herein and 
therein and all modifications hereto and thereto.


[remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature pages follow]
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Guaranty to be executed 
and delivered as of the date first above written.
 
AP GAMING II, INC.
AP GAMING ACQUISITION, LLC
each as a Subsidiary Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Robert Miodunski
  	Name: Robert Miodunski
  	Title: Authorized Signatory
AGS CAPITAL, LLC
AGS, LLC
AGS PARTNERS, LLC
AGS ILLINOIS, LLLP
AP GAMING NV, LLC
each as a Subsidiary Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Robert Miodunski
  	Name: Robert Miodunski
  	Title: Chief Executive Officer
 
[Signature Page to Subsidiary Guarantee]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accepted and Agreed to:
CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC.,
as Collateral Agent
By: 	  	
/s/ Matthew Burke
  	Name: Matthew Burke
  	Title: Vice President
 
[Signature Page to Subsidiary Guarantee]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A
to the Subsidiary Guarantee


SUPPLEMENT NO. [    ]
TO SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

SUPPLEMENT NO. [    ], dated as of [], 20[] (as amended, restated, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Supplement), 
to the Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of December 20, 2013 (as amended, 
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the 
Guaranty), among each Subsidiary listed on the signature pages thereof 
(each a Existing Subsidiary Guarantor and collectively, the Existing 
Subsidiary Guarantors) and CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., as collateral 
agent (in such capacity, the Agent) for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties.

A. Reference is made to the First Lien Credit Agreement dated as of 
December 20, 2013 (as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among AP Gaming 
Holdings, LLC, a Delaware corporation (Holdings), AP Gaming I, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower), the Lenders party 
thereto from time to time and the Agent, in its capacity as the 
administrative agent.

B. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall 
have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

C. Each Existing Subsidiary Guarantor has entered into the Guaranty in 
order to induce the Lenders to make Loans. Section 11 of the Guaranty 
provides that additional Subsidiaries may become Subsidiary Guarantors (as 
defined in the Guaranty) under the Guaranty by execution and delivery of an 
instrument in the form of this Supplement. The undersigned Subsidiary of 
the Borrower (the New Subsidiary) is executing this Supplement in 
accordance with the requirements of the Credit Agreement to become a 
Subsidiary Guarantor under the Guaranty in order to induce the Lenders to 
maintain and/or make additional Loans, and as consideration for Loans 
previously made.

Accordingly, the New Subsidiary agrees as follows:

SECTION 1. In accordance with Section 11 of the Guaranty, the New 
Subsidiary by its signature below becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor under the 
Guaranty with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a 
Subsidiary Guarantor and the New Subsidiary hereby agrees to all the terms 
and provisions of the Guaranty applicable to it as a Subsidiary Guarantor 
thereunder. In furtherance of the foregoing, the New Subsidiary does hereby 
guarantee to the Agent the due and punctual payment of the Guaranteed 
Obligations (as defined in the Guaranty) as set forth in the Guaranty. Each 
reference to a Subsidiary Guarantor or a Guarantor in the Guaranty and 
in this Supplement shall be deemed to include the New Subsidiary. The 
Guaranty is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2. The New Subsidiary represents and warrants to the Agent and the 
other Secured Parties that this Supplement has been duly authorized, 
executed and delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid and binding 
obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to 
(i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, 
fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting creditors rights 
generally, (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such 
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii) 
implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing.

SECTION 3. This Supplement may be executed in two or more counterparts, 
each of which shall constitute an original but all of which, when taken 
together, shall constitute but one contract. This Supplement shall become 
effective when the Agent shall have received a counterpart of this 
Supplement that bears the signature of the New Subsidiary. Delivery of an 
executed counterpart to this Supplement by facsimile or other electronic 
transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed 
original.

SECTION 4. Except as expressly supplemented hereby, the Guaranty shall 
remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 5. THIS SUPPLEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND 
GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

SECTION 6. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this 
Supplement should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein and in the Guaranty shall not in any way be affected or 
impaired thereby. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to 
replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid 
provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that 
of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

SECTION 7. All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing and 
given as provided in Section 5(d) of the Guaranty.

SECTION 8. The New Subsidiary agrees to reimburse the Agent for its 
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this 
Supplement, including the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and 
other charges of counsel to the Agent.


[remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Subsidiary has duly executed this Supplement to 
the Guaranty as of the day and year first above written.
 
[Name of New Subsidiary]
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
[Signature Page to Supplement to Subsidiary Guarantee]