 EX-10.1 2 abio-ex101_20140930370.htm EX-10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1

[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked 
by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant 
to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
 

Change Order Form

Change Order No.: 1 (R4)

Change Order Submission Date: 03 November 2014

Sponsor: ARCA biopharma Inc. (“Sponsor”)

Study Drug/Protocol No.: BUC-CLIN-303

Study Title: GENETIC-AF (“Study”)

EPM#: 5969

SPS#: 200267

Sponsor Contact:
[*]

DCRI Contacts:
[*]

Sponsor and Duke University (“Duke” or “DCRI”) entered in a Clinical 
Research Agreement (the “Agreement”), effective 05 November 2013, to 
conduct the above-referenced Project. This Change Order No. 1 serves as an 
amendment to the Agreement and provides details related to scope changes 
and associated budget adjustments.

Description of Scope Changes: The budget for this Change Order 1 is 
detailed in Attachment 1: “DCRI Detailed Fees and Pass-through Cost 
Estimate,” and an explanation of the change is referenced in the column 
called “Justification for Revised Scope”. Unless otherwise noted, the unit 
costs remain the same.


Study Timeline

The contracted scope of work included the enrollment of [*] patients at [*] 
North American (NA) sites beginning in [*] and ending in [*]. [*] The table 
below details these changes to the general timeline milestones.
 
Study Timeline
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


Description of Budget Change Summary:
 
Type
 
Contract Value
 
Change Order
No. 1 Value
 
Revised Total
DCRI Direct Fees
  
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
Pass-through Costs
  
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]
Total
  
[*]
  
[*]
  
[*]

See attached budget file.

The DCRI will invoice completed units on a monthly basis. All payments 
remain as agreed upon as in the Agreement unless otherwise stated.


Revised Upfront Payment

Per the original contract, ARCA paid an upfront payment of [*] of the total 
study budget or [*]. The DCRI applied [*] of this upfront payment, or [*], 
towards initial project invoices and retained the remaining [*], or [*], to 
be applied to the final project invoices.

With this Change Order No. 1, the total contract value has been revised to 
[*]. Assuming [*] of this study budget, the upfront payment would be 
revised to be [*]. The variance between the amount retained from the 
initial upfront payment [*] and the revised [*] upfront payment [*] is [*]. 
This amount will either be a credit to outstanding invoices or we will 
apply to future invoices until the monies are spent down.

Additionally, the DCRI has agreed to apply [*] of the revised upfront 
payment, or [*], towards project invoices and retain the remaining [*], or 
[*], to be applied to the final project invoices.

In summary, [*] plus [*] for a total of [*] will be credited to outstanding 
invoices and/or applied to future invoices until these monies spent down. 
The DCRI will retain [*] to be applied to the final project invoices.
 
 
 

[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked 
by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant 
to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Approval Signature:
 
Sponsor:
 
 
 Duke University:
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 /s/Christopher Ozeroff 
 
 
 By:
/s/ Michael Sledge
Title:
 SVP and General Counsel
 
 
 Title:
CFO / DCRI
 
 
 
Date: November 12, 2014
 
 
 Date: November 5, 2014
 
 
 

[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked 
by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant 
to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Attachment 1

DCRI Detailed Fees and Pass-through Cost Estimate

[* 4 pages of text omitted]
 
 

[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked 
by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant 
to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended