 EX-10.2 4 banner8kex102_1110.htm
November 5, 2014

Banner Corporation
10 South First Avenue
Walla Walla, Washington 99362
Attention: Mark J. Grescovich, Chief Executive Officer
Facsimile: (509) 526-8891

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date 
hereof, by and among SKBHC Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (“Holdings”), Starbuck Bancshares, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (“
Silicon”), and Banner Corporation, a Washington corporation (“Boron”) (such 
agreement, the “Merger Agreement”). Certain capitalized terms used in this 
investor letter agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in 
Section 7.

The undersigned, collectively a Major Silicon Member (the “Subject Seller
”), will receive at the Effective Time cash and shares of Boron Common 
Stock as part of the Merger Consideration (such shares, the “Merger 
Consideration Shares”). In order to induce Boron to enter into the Merger 
Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the Subject Seller 
and Boron have entered into this investor letter agreement (this 
“Agreement”). Boron has provided to the Subject Seller true and complete 
copies of the investor letter agreements to be entered contemporaneously 
herewith by the other Major Silicon Members and Boron.

1.                  Commitment to Comply with Requirements of Regulatory 
Agencies and Governmental Entities. The Subject Seller shall, and shall 
cause its Subsidiaries and other Affiliates (collectively with the Subject 
Seller, the “Subject Seller Group”) to (a) if required by the staff of the 
Federal Reserve Board in connection with obtaining the Requisite Regulatory 
Approvals, promptly deliver to the Federal Reserve Board executed passivity 
and anti-association commitments substantially in the form attached hereto 
as Annex A (or in such other form as may be reasonably required by the 
Federal Reserve Board that is no less favorable in any material respect to 
the Subject Seller Group than the commitments attached hereto as Annex A) 
and (b) if required by the staff of the Federal Reserve Board or FDIC, use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly provide directly to the 
Federal Reserve Board or FDIC, as applicable, such information about the 
Subject Seller Group as is reasonable and customary in connection with 
obtaining the Requisite Regulatory Approvals. The Subject Seller shall not 
be required to provide any information specified in the foregoing clause 
(b) directly to Silicon, Boron or any other Silicon Shareholder. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except as set forth in the 
first sentence of this Section 1, the Subject Seller and its Affiliates 
(other than, to avoid doubt, Holdings and its Subsidiaries) shall not be 
required to file any applications, notices, petitions or filings with, or 
seek any permits, consents or approvals, or authorizations from, any 
Regulatory Agency or Governmental Entity in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Bank Merger.

 

 
2.                  Transfer Restrictions.

(a)                The Subject Seller agrees to the following terms and 
conditions regarding the Subject Seller’s ownership of the Merger 
Consideration Shares:

(i) 	The Subject Seller shall not Transfer any Holdings Common Interests or 
Holdings Management Units (in each case other than through the exercise or 
conversion of any such securities pursuant to their terms or the terms of 
the Merger Agreement) between the date hereof and the Closing, other than 
Transfers to a Controlled Affiliate of such Person that agrees to be bound 
by the provisions of this Agreement as if it were the Subject Seller 
hereunder (a “Permitted Transferee”).
(ii) 	Neither the Subject Seller nor any of its Permitted Transferees shall 
Transfer any of the Merger Consideration Shares, other than to a Permitted 
Transferee, prior to the date that is thirty (30) days after the Closing 
Date (the “Lockup Termination Date”).
(iii) 	In the event that following the date hereof and prior to the Lockup 
Termination Date any Permitted Transferee ceases to be a Controlled 
Affiliate of the applicable Transferring Seller, then any prior Transfer to 
such Person pursuant to such exception in (i) or (ii) above shall become 
null and void and ownership and title to any such securities so Transferred 
shall revert to such applicable Transferring Seller. The Subject Seller 
shall promptly, and in any event no later than five (5) Business Days, 
notify Boron in writing following any Transfer to a Permitted Transferee.
(iv) 	From and after the Lockup Termination Date, the Subject Seller shall 
not Transfer any shares of Boron Common Stock received as part of the 
Merger Consideration to any Person or Group who, to the Subject Seller’s 
Knowledge, after giving effect to such Transfer, would beneficially own 
eight percent (8%) or more of the outstanding shares of Boron Common Stock; 
provided that the restriction shall not apply to Transfers effected through 
an Underwritten Offering (as defined in Annex B hereto) pursuant to an 
exercise of the registration rights provided for in Annex B hereto, to any 
Person or Persons pursuant to Rule 144 (as defined in Annex B hereto) or to 
a Transfer to any Person or Persons not Affiliated with the Subject Seller 
who are acquiring majority control of Boron in a (i) merger or similar 
business combination transaction or (ii) a tender offer approved or 
recommended by the Board of Directors of Boron.
(b)               The Subject Seller shall not, and shall cause each other 
member of the Subject Seller Group not to, directly or indirectly, without 
Boron’s prior written consent:

(i) 	acquire beneficial ownership of any shares of Boron Common Stock if, 
after such acquisition, the Subject Seller Group in the aggregate would 
beneficially own a number of shares of Boron Common Stock and Boron
-2-

 
            Non-Voting Common Stock equal to ten percent (10%) or more of
            the number of outstanding shares of Boron Common Stock (as
            reported in the most recent Boron Report publicly filed under
            the Exchange Act);

(ii) 	make, or in any way participate, directly or indirectly, in any 
“solicitation” of “proxies” to vote (as such terms are used in the rules of 
the SEC), or seek to advise or influence any Person with respect to the 
voting of any voting securities of Boron;
(iii) 	form, join or in any way participate in a Group (other than with an 
Affiliate of the Subject Seller), with respect to any voting securities of 
Boron; or
(iv) 	publicly disclose any intention, plan or arrangement prohibited by, 
or inconsistent with, the foregoing;
provided that this Section 2(b) shall in no way limit (x) the activities of 
any director of Boron taken in good faith solely in his or her capacity as 
a director of Boron or (y) the right or ability of the Subject Seller to 
vote any voting securities of Boron (including the Merger Consideration 
Shares) with respect to any matter; provided, further, that the Subject 
Seller does not make any public announcement or public communication with 
respect to the manner in which the Subject Seller intends to vote such 
voting securities with respect to any matter. The Subject Seller further 
agrees, that it shall not, and shall cause each other member of the Subject 
Seller Group not to, without the written consent of Boron, publicly request 
Boron to amend or waive any provision of this Section 2(b) (including this 
sentence) or do so in a manner that would require Boron to publicly 
disclose such request.

(c)                The foregoing restrictions on Transfer may be waived by 
Boron in writing with respect to any specific Transfer. The provisions in 
this Section 2 shall terminate and be of no further force and effect with 
respect to the Subject Seller (and its Permitted Transferees) on the 
earlier of (i) the first date when the Subject Seller (and any such 
Permitted Transferees) beneficially own less than five percent (5%) of the 
outstanding shares of Boron Common Stock and Boron Non-Voting Common Stock 
(as reported in the most recent Boron Report publicly filed under the 
Exchange Act), excluding the dilutive effect of any primary issuances of 
Boron Common Stock or Boron Non-Voting Common Stock (or any other 
securities convertible into or exchangeable for Boron Common Stock or and 
Boron Non-Voting Common Stock) by Boron, and (ii) the breach, in any 
material respect, by Boron of any of its obligations in this Agreement.

(d)               Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of Merger 
Consideration Shares in violation of this Section 2 shall, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable Law, be null and void ab initio, and Boron 
shall not, and shall instruct its transfer agent and other third parties 
not to, record or recognize any such purported transaction on the share 
register of Boron.

(e)                Any certificates for Merger Consideration Shares issued 
to the Subject Seller or any Permitted Transferee pursuant to the Merger 
Agreement shall bear a legend or legends (and appropriate comparable 
notations or other arrangements will be made with respect to any 
uncertificated shares) in addition to the legend contemplated by Section 
2.2(b) of the Merger

-3-

 
Agreement referencing restrictions on transfer of such Merger Consideration 
Shares under this Agreement which legend shall state in substance:

        “The securities evidenced by this certificate are subject to
        restrictions on transfer set forth in an Investor Letter Agreement,
        dated November 5, 2014, among Boron and certain other parties
        thereto (a copy of which is on file with the Secretary of Boron).”

(f)                Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the request of a 
holder of certificate(s) for Merger Consideration Shares, Boron agrees that 
it shall cause, and take all actions necessary to ensure, the prompt 
removal of the legend contemplated by Section 2.2(b) of the Merger 
Agreement and, if applicable, the legend contemplated in Section 2(e) 
(together with the elimination or termination of any notations or 
arrangements described therein) from such holder’s Merger Consideration 
Shares (including executing and delivering an opinion of counsel and 
instruction letter satisfactory to the transfer agent of Boron Common 
Stock) and cause the deposit of such holder’s Merger Consideration Shares 
in book-entry form with the appropriate unrestricted CUSIP number to the 
account specified by such holder, provided, that the restrictions described 
in such legends (or notations or arrangements) are no longer applicable 
(including where the Subject Seller and its Permitted Tranferees no longer 
own or will own such Merger Consideration Shares).

3.                  Registration Rights. The Subject Seller shall have the 
registration and other rights on the terms set forth in Annex B hereto (the 
“Registration Rights Annex”) and Boron and the Subject Seller hereby agree 
to such terms.

4.                  Board Representation

(a)                At any time from and after the Effective Time, at the 
written request of the Subject Seller, Boron shall cause one (1) 
representative designated by the Subject Seller to be elected or appointed 
to the Board of Directors of Boron, which representative shall (i) be 
reasonably acceptable to the Board of Directors of Boron, (ii) not be a 
person who is an officer or employee of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries 
as of the date hereof, (iii) satisfy all director qualifications reasonably 
required by Boron and shall agree to comply with all policies of Boron 
(including as to ethics, confidentiality and trading) in each case in 
effect from time to time that apply to all nominees for the Board of 
Directors of Boron and (iv) be eligible to serve on the Board of Directors 
of Boron under the Depository Institution Management Interlocks Act, 12 
U.S.C. 3201 et seq., and the federal banking agencies’ implementing 
regulations thereunder, including the Federal Reserve Board’s Regulation L, 
12 C.F.R. Part 212, in each case as they may be amended from time to time 
(a “Qualified Nominee”, and any such Qualified Nominee to be appointed to 
the Board of Directors of Boron, a “Board Representative”). Any Board 
Representative elected or appointed to the Board of Directors of Boron 
shall, at the Subject Seller’s election, also be appointed to Boron Bank’s 
Board of Directors at the time of his or her appointment or election to the 
Board of Directors of Boron. Boron Bank shall take all action necessary to 
facilitate any such appointment to Boron Bank’s Board of Directors.

(b)               From and after the election or appointment of a Board 
Representative pursuant to Section 4(a), (i) at each meeting of the 
shareholders of Boron at which directors of Boron are to

-4-

 
be elected (including any annual meeting of shareholders) and at which the 
term of such Board Representative shall expire, the Board of Directors of 
Boron shall nominate and recommend for election one (1) Qualified Nominee 
designated by the Subject Seller to serve as a Board Representative and 
Boron shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such person to be 
elected to serve as a director on the Board of Directors of Boron and shall 
solicit proxies for such person to the same extent as it does for any of 
its other nominees to the Board of Directors (it being understood that such 
Qualified Nominee shall not be in addition to the person designated by the 
Subject Seller to be appointed to the Board of Directors of Boron at the 
Effective Time pursuant to the prior paragraph and that the Subject 
Seller’s right to designate a Qualified Nominee to serve on the Board of 
Directors of Boron at any given time shall be limited to one (1) person), 
provided that such efforts will not require Boron to postpone its annual 
meeting of shareholders or take extraordinary solicitation efforts not 
taken with regard to the other nominees to the Board of Directors of Boron, 
including that Boron shall not be obligated to pay extraordinary costs with 
regard to the election of such Qualified Nominee as director; provided, 
further, that, if at any time after his appointment to the Board of 
Directors of Boron, the Board Representative ceases to be a Qualified 
Nominee, such representative shall not continue to serve as the Board 
Representative; and (ii) upon the death, disability, retirement, 
resignation, removal or other vacancy of a director designated by the 
Subject Seller, the Board of Directors of Boron shall appoint as a director 
to fill the vacancy so created a Qualified Nominee designated by the 
Subject Seller to fill such vacancy.

(c)                Each Board Representative shall be entitled to the same 
compensation and same indemnification and insurance coverage in connection 
with his or her role as a director as the other members of the Board of 
Directors of Boron, and shall be entitled to reimbursement for documented, 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings of the 
Board of Directors of Boron or any committees thereof, to the same extent 
as the other members of the Board of Directors of Boron. Boron shall notify 
each Board Representative of all regular and special meetings of the Board 
of Directors of Boron and shall notify each Board Representative of all 
regular and special meetings of any committee of the Board of Directors of 
Boron of which such Board Representative is a member. Boron shall provide 
each Board Representative with copies of all notices, minutes, consents and 
other materials provided to all other members of the Board of Directors of 
Boron concurrently as such materials are provided to the other members.

(d)               Boron’s obligations under this Section 4 shall terminate 
and be of no further force or effect on the earlier of (i) such time as the 
Subject Seller Group (and any Permitted Transferees) beneficially own less 
than five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of Boron Common Stock and 
Boron Non-Voting Common Stock (as reported in the most recent Boron Report 
publicly filed under the Exchange Act), excluding the dilutive effect of 
any primary issuances of Boron Common Stock or Boron Non-Voting Common 
Stock (or any other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Boron 
Common Stock or and Boron Non-Voting Common Stock) by Boron, and (ii) the 
breach, in any material respect, by the Subject Seller of any of its 
obligations in this Agreement.

5.                  Representations and Warranties of the Subject Seller. 
The Subject Seller represents and warrants to Boron as of the date hereof 
that:

-5-

 
(a)                The Subject Seller is the sole record and beneficial 
owner of the Holdings Common Interests or Holdings Management Units, as 
applicable, set forth on Annex C opposite the Subject Seller’s name and 
such securities constitute all of the securities of Holdings owned of 
record or beneficially owned by the Subject Seller.

(b)               The Subject Seller is a limited partnership duly 
organized, is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its 
jurisdiction of organization. The Subject Seller has full power and 
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations 
under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated 
hereby.

(c)                Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
the Subject Seller, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereby, nor compliance by the Subject Seller with any of the terms or 
provisions hereof will (i) violate any provision of the Subject Seller’s 
organizational documents or (ii) assuming the consents and approvals 
referred to in Section 3.4 of the Merger Agreement are duly obtained, 
conflict with, violate any provision of, or require the consent or approval 
of any Person under applicable Law or any contract or agreement to which 
the Subject Seller is a party.

(d)               The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
by the Subject Seller has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate 
action on the part of the Subject Seller. This Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by such Subject Seller and, assuming the due 
authorization, execution and delivery by each of the other parties hereto, 
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such Subject Seller, 
enforceable against such Subject Seller in accordance with its terms, 
except as may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

(e)                The Subject Seller: (i) is acquiring the Merger 
Consideration Shares for its own account, solely for investment and not 
with a view toward, or for sale in connection with, any distribution 
thereof in violation of any federal or state securities or “blue sky” laws, 
or with any present intention of distributing or selling the Merger 
Consideration Shares in violation of any such laws, (ii) has such knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters and in investments of this 
type that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its 
investment in the Merger Consideration Shares and of making an informed 
investment decision and (iii) is an “accredited investor” within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. The Subject Seller has 
requested, received, reviewed and considered all information that the 
Subject Seller deems relevant in making an informed decision to invest in 
the Merger Consideration Shares, has had an opportunity to discuss Boron’s 
business, management and financial affairs with its management and also had 
an opportunity to ask questions of officers of Boron that were answered to 
the Subject Seller’s satisfaction and has received and reviewed a copy of 
this Agreement and the Merger Agreement. The Subject Seller understands 
that Boron is relying on the statements contained herein to establish an 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act and under state 
securities laws and acknowledges that the Merger Consideration Shares are 
not registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable Law and 
that the Merger Consideration Shares may not be Transferred except pursuant 
to the registration provisions of the Securities Act or pursuant to an 
applicable exemption therefrom.

(f)                The Subject Seller hereby irrevocably consents to, and 
irrevocably waives, any rights it may have to object to or dissent from 
(whether under the Holdings LLC Agreement,

-6-

 
applicable Law or otherwise), Holdings and Silicon’s execution and delivery 
of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated thereby (including the Merger and the Bank Merger) in 
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger 
Agreement.

(g)               The Subject Seller is not relying on Holdings, Silicon, 
Boron, or any of their respective agents, representatives or Affiliates for 
its decision to execute and deliver this Agreement and to invest in the 
Merger Consideration Shares.

6.                  Representations and Warranties of Boron. Boron 
represents and warrants to the Subject Seller as of the date hereof that:

(a)                Boron is a corporation duly organized, validly existing 
and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization. 
Boron has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement, to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to 
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b)               Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
Boron, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor 
compliance by Boron with any of the terms or provisions hereof will (i) 
violate any provision of the Articles of Incorporation of Boron or Bylaws 
or (ii) assuming the consents and approvals referred to in Section 4.4 of 
the Merger Agreement are duly obtained, conflict with, violate any 
provision of, or require the consent or approval of any Person under 
applicable Law or any contract or agreement to which Boron is a party.

(c)                The execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement by Boron has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate 
action on the part of Boron. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by Boron and, assuming the due authorization, execution and 
delivery by each of the other parties hereto, constitutes a valid and 
binding obligation of Boron, enforceable against Boron in accordance with 
its terms, except as may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

7.                  Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise 
defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in 
the Merger Agreement. As used in and for purposes of this Agreement, the 
following terms have the following meanings:

“Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, any Person that 
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
control with, such specified Person; provided, however, that other than for 
purposes of Section 2(b), no portfolio company of any investment fund, 
vehicle or account advised, managed or sponsored by any Silicon Holder or 
its Affiliates shall be deemed an Affiliate of Silicon, any of its 
Subsidiaries or any Silicon Holder for purposes of this Agreement.

“beneficial owner” and words of similar import have the meaning assigned to 
such terms in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act as in effect on 
the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that for purposes of this 
Agreement, a Person shall be deemed to be the

-7-

 
beneficial owner of (i) any securities which may be acquired by such Person 
upon the exercise of any rights (irrespective of whether the right to 
acquire such securities is exercisable immediately or only after the 
passage of time, including the passage of time in excess of sixty (60) 
days, the satisfaction of any condition, the occurrence of any event or any 
combination of the foregoing) and (ii) any securities which are the subject 
of any Derivatives Contract (without regard to any short or similar 
position under the same or any other Derivatives Contract) to which such 
Person is a Receiving Party. The term “beneficially own” has a meaning 
correlative to the foregoing.

“Board Representative” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

“Boron” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

“Controlled Affiliate” means any Affiliate of the specified Person that is, 
directly or indirectly, controlled by or under common control with the 
specified Person.

“Derivatives Contract” means a contract between two parties (the “
Receiving Party” and the “Counterparty”) that is designed to produce 
economic benefits and risks to the Receiving Party and/or voting rights 
that correspond substantially to the ownership by the Receiving Party of a 
number of securities specified or referenced in such contract, regardless 
of whether obligations under such contract are required or permitted to be 
settled through delivery of cash, securities or other property.

“Group” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13(d)(3) of the 
Exchange Act.

“Holdings” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

“Subject Seller’s Knowledge” means, as to the Subject Seller, the actual 
knowledge of such Subject Seller; provided that, as to such Subject Seller, 
in respect of any Transfer of shares of Boron Common Stock, (i) in no event 
shall (x) the knowledge of such Subject Seller’s broker (including any 
Affiliate) be imputed to such Subject Seller or (y) such Subject Seller 
have any obligation to make any inquiry or investigation as to the identity 
of the purchaser party such Transfer, and (ii) if such Subject Seller has 
actual knowledge of the identity of the purchaser party to such Transfer, 
such Subject Seller shall only be required to search the SEC’s Edgar system 
to establish whether or not such purchaser beneficially owns five percent 
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of Boron Common Stock.

“Lockup Termination Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
2(a)(ii).

“Merger Consideration Shares” shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Recitals.

“Permitted Transferee” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(i).

“Qualified Nominee” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

“Silicon” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

“Subject Seller” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

-8-

 
“Subject Seller Group” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.

“Transfer” means (i) any direct or indirect sale, assignment, disposition 
or other transfer, either voluntary or involuntary, of any capital stock or 
interest in any capital stock or (ii) in respect of any capital stock or 
interest in any capital stock, to enter into any swap or any other 
agreement, transaction or series of transactions that hedges or transfers, 
in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of 
ownership of such capital stock or interest in capital stock, whether any 
such transaction, swap or series of transactions is to be settled by 
delivery of securities, in cash or otherwise.

“Transferring Seller” means a Subject Seller that Transferred any of its 
Merger Consideration Shares in accordance with Section 2(b) or Transferred 
any of its Holdings Common Interests or Holdings Management Units in 
accordance with Section 2(a).

8.                  Miscellaneous

(a)                This Agreement shall become effective immediately upon 
execution by each of the parties hereto and shall automatically terminate 
(without any further obligation or liability of any party hereto) on any 
termination of the Merger Agreement prior to the Effective Time.

(b)               This Agreement and all of the agreements contained herein 
and the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall bind and inure to 
the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

(c)                The parties have participated jointly in negotiating and 
drafting this Agreement. In the event that an ambiguity or a question of 
intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if 
drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall 
arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any 
provision of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to 
Articles, Sections, Annexes, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be 
to an Article or Section of or Annexes, Exhibit or Schedule to this 
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this 
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way 
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Any reference herein to 
this “Agreement” shall include any Annexes, Exhibits and Schedules hereto.

(d)               The words “hereof,” “herein” and “hereunder” and words of 
like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole 
and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Any singular term in 
this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term 
the singular. Whenever the words “include,” “includes” or “including” are 
used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words 
“without limitation,” whether or not they are in fact followed by those 
words or words of like import. “Writing,” “written” and comparable terms 
refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including 
electronic media) in a visible form. References to any agreement or 
contract are to that agreement or contract as amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and 
thereof. References to any Person include the successors and permitted 
assigns of that Person. References from or through any date mean, unless 
otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, 
respectively. References to

-9-

 
“Law,” “Laws” or to a particular statute or Law shall mean such Law or 
statute as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and shall be 
deemed also to include any and all rules and regulation promulgated 
thereunder.

(e)                This Agreement shall be governed and construed in 
accordance with the Laws of the State of Washington, without regard to any 
applicable conflicts of Law.

(f)                Each party agrees that it will bring any Proceeding in 
respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby exclusively in the Washington Courts, and, 
solely in connection with claims arising under this Agreement or the 
transactions that are the subject of this Agreement, (i) irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Washington Courts, (ii) waives 
any objection to laying venue in any such Proceeding in the Washington 
Courts, (iii) waives any objection that the Washington Courts are an 
inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party and (iv) 
agrees that service of process upon such party in any such Proceeding will 
be effective if notice is given in accordance with the terms of Section 9.4 
of the Merger Agreement to the addresses (A) in the case of the Subject 
Seller, set forth in Annex D hereto, and (B) in the case of Boron, set 
forth in Section 9.4 of the Merger Agreement. Each party acknowledges and 
agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Agreement is likely 
to involve complicated and difficult issues, and therefore each such party 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the extent permitted by 
applicable Law at the time of institution of the applicable litigation, any 
right such party may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation 
directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each party certifies and 
acknowledges that: (i) no representative, agent or attorney of any other 
party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would 
not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver; (ii) 
each party understands and has considered the implications of this waiver; 
(iii) each party makes this waiver voluntarily; and (iv) each party has 
been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the 
mutual waivers and certifications in this Paragraph.

(g)       Each party hereto agrees that irreparable damage would occur if 
any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with its 
specific terms or were otherwise breached or threatened to be breached. It 
is accordingly agreed that each party hereto shall be entitled to an 
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to 
enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions hereof in 
the Washington Courts, without bond or other security being required, this 
being in addition to any other right, remedy or cause of action to which 
such party is entitled at law or in equity.

(h)               This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of 
which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become 
effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and 
delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need 
not sign the same counterpart.

(i)               This Agreement may only be enforced against the named 
parties hereto. All claims or causes of action that may be based upon, 
arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or 
performance of this Agreement may be made only against the entities that 
are expressly identified as parties hereto or that are subject to the terms 
hereof, and no past, present or future director, officer, employee, 
incorporator, member, manager, partner, stockholder, Affiliate, agent, 
attorney or representative of the Subject Seller or any other party

-10-

 
hereto (including any person negotiating or executing this Agreement on 
behalf of a party hereto) shall have any liability or obligation with 
respect to this Agreement or with respect to any claim or cause of action, 
whether in tort, contract or otherwise, that may arise out of or relate to 
this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Merger 
Agreement.

* * * * * * *

-11-

 
 
Please confirm that the above correctly reflects our understanding and 
agreement with respect to the foregoing matters by signing the enclosed 
copy of this Agreement and returning such copy to us.

Very truly yours,

FRIEDMAN FLEISCHER & LOWE
CAPITAL PARTNERS III, L.P. 	FRIEDMAN FLEISCHER & LOWE
PARALLEL FUND III, L.P.
By: Friedman Fleischer & Lowe GP III, L.P.
Its:  General Partner 	By:  Friedman Fleischer & Lowe GP III, L.P.
Its:  General Partner
By:  Friedman Fleischer & Lowe GP III, LLC 	By: Friedman Fleischer & Lowe 
GP III, LLC
Its:  General Partner 	Its:  General Partner
By: /s/ Tully M. Friedman                                        	 	By: 
/s/ Tully M. Friedman                                        	
Name: Tully M. Friedman 	Name: Tully M. Friedman
Title:   Managing Member

Title:   Managing Member

FFL INDIVIDUAL PARTNERS III, L.P. 	FFL EXECUTIVE PARTNERS III, L.P.
  	 
By: Friedman Fleischer & Lowe GP III, L.P.
Its: General Partner 	By: Friedman Fleischer & Lowe GP III, L.P.
Its:  General Partner
  	 
By: Friedman Fleischer & Lowe GP III, LLC
Its:  General Partner 	By: Friedman Fleischer & Lowe GP III, LLC
Its:  General Partner
  	 
By: /s/ Tully M. Friedman                                        	
Name:  Tully M. Friedman
Title:    Managing Member 	By: /s/ Tully M. Friedman                        
                	
Name:  Tully M. Friedman
Title:    Managing Member
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature Page to Investor Letter Agreement
-12-

 
 
Agreed and accepted:

 

                        BANNER CORPORATION
                         
                        By: /s/ Mark J. Grescovich                         
                             
                        Name: Mark J. Grescovich
                        Title: President and CEO
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Signature Page to Investor Letter Agreement

 

-13-

 
Annex A

Form of Passivity Commitments

 

 
Annex B

Registration Rights

 
 

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Article I

DEFINITIONS
Section 1.01.   Definitions 	1
Article II

REGISTRATION RIGHTS
Section 2.01.   Shelf Registration 	4
Section 2.02.   Demand Registration 	6
Section 2.03.   Piggyback Registration 	7
Section 2.04.   Withdrawal of Request for Underwritten Offering or Demand 
Registration 	8
Section 2.05.   Reduction of Size of Underwritten Offering 	8
Section 2.06.   Registration Procedures 	9
Section 2.07.   Conditions to Offerings 	13
Section 2.08.   Suspension Period 	15
Section 2.09.   Registration Expenses 	16
Section 2.10.   Rules 144 and 144A and Regulation S 	16
Section 2.11.   Indemnification; Contribution 	16
Section 2.12.   Termination 	18
Section 2.13.   Participating Shareholder 	18
Section 2.14.   No Waiver 	19
Section 2.15.   Limitations on Subsequent Registration Rights 	19
Section 2.16.   Recapitalizations, Exchanges Affecting the Registrable 
Securities 	19
-i-

 
Article I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01.                        Definitions. Capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Merger 
Agreement. As used in and for purposes of this Agreement, the following 
terms have the following meanings:

“415 Shelf Registration Statement” means a Form S-3 providing for an 
offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the 
Securities Act.

“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, any Person that 
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
control with, such specified Person; provided, however, that no portfolio 
company of any investment fund, vehicle or account advised, managed or 
sponsored by any Silicon Holder or its Affiliates shall be deemed an 
Affiliate of Silicon, any of its Subsidiaries or any Silicon Holder for 
purposes of this Agreement.

“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

“Automatic Shelf Registration Statement” means an “automatic shelf 
registration statement” as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the 
Securities Act.

“beneficial owner” and words of similar import have the meaning assigned to 
such terms in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act as in effect on 
the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that for purposes of this 
Agreement, a Person shall be deemed to be the beneficial owner of (i) any 
securities which may be acquired by such Person upon the exercise of any 
rights (irrespective of whether the right to acquire such securities is 
exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time, including the 
passage of time in excess of sixty (60) days, the satisfaction of any 
condition, the occurrence of any event or any combination of the foregoing) 
and (ii) any securities which are the subject of any Derivatives Contract 
(without regard to any short or similar position under the same or any 
other Derivatives Contract) to which such Person is a Receiving Party. The 
term “beneficially own” has a meaning correlative to the foregoing.

“Controlled Affiliate” means any Affiliate of the specified Person that is, 
directly or indirectly, controlled by or under common control with the 
specified Person.

“Demand Notice” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

“Demand Registration” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

“Demand Shareholders” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

“Derivatives Contract” means a contract between two parties (the “
Receiving Party” and the “Counterparty”) that is designed to produce 
economic benefits and risks to the Receiving Party and/or voting rights 
that correspond substantially to the ownership by the Receiving Party of a 
number of securities specified or referenced in such contract, regardless 
of

B-1

 
whether obligations under such contract are required or permitted to be 
settled through delivery of cash, securities or other property.

“Equity Interests” means the shares of Boron Common Stock or other equity 
interests, as the case may be, of Boron, and any securities into which such 
shares of Boron Common Stock or other equity interests shall have been 
changed or any securities resulting from any reclassification or 
recapitalization of such shares of Boron Common Stock or other equity 
interests.

“FINRA” means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

“Indemnified Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(c).

“Indemnified Persons” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(a).

“Indemnifying Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(c).

“Inspectors” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(a)(ix).

“Lockup Termination Date” means the date that is thirty (30) days after the 
Closing Date.

“Marketed Underwritten Offering” means an Underwritten Offering that 
involves (i) one-on-one meetings or calls between investors and management 
of Boron, other than any Underwritten Offering in the form of a “block 
trade” which requires not more than three (3) one-on-one calls between 
investors and management of Boron, (ii) a customary roadshow or other 
marketing activity that requires members of the management of Boron to be 
out of the office for two (2) business days or more or group meetings or 
calls between investors and management of Boron or (iii) any other 
substantial marketing effort by the underwriters over a period of at least 
forty-eight (48) hours.

“Opting-Out Shareholder” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.13.

“Permitted Transferee” means, with respect to any Person, a Controlled 
Affiliate of such Person that agrees to be bound by the provisions of this 
Annex as if it were the Shareholder hereunder.

“Piggyback Registration” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03.

“Prospectus” means the prospectus (including any preliminary prospectus and 
any final prospectus) included in any Registration Statement, as amended or 
supplemented by any free writing prospectus, whether or not required to be 
filed with the SEC, prospectus supplement with respect to the terms of the 
offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by the 
Registration Statement and by all other amendments and supplements to the 
prospectus, and all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

“Records” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(a)(ix).

B-2

 
“Registrable Securities” means (i) all Shares that are beneficially owned 
by a Shareholder at any time in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
the Merger Agreement and (ii) all Equity Interests issued or issuable 
directly or indirectly with respect to the securities referred to in the 
foregoing clause (i) by way of share dividend or share split or in 
connection with a consolidation or other reorganization; provided, however
, that any such Share or Equity Interest shall cease to be a Registrable 
Security if and when (x) it has been effectively registered under the 
Securities Act and disposed of in accordance with an effective Registration 
Statement covering it or (y) in the case of Shares or Equity Interests held 
by a Shareholder who is not an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 
12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of Boron, it may immediately be sold under 
Rule 144 without any volume or manner of sale restrictions.

“Registration Statement” means any registration statement of Boron that 
covers Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, 
including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration 
statement, including pre- and post-effective amendments, and all exhibits 
and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

“Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any 
similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having 
substantially the same effect as such rule.

“SEC” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

“Section 2.13 Opt-Out” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.13.

“Shares” means, with respect to each Shareholder, the shares of Boron 
Common Stock received as a result of (a) the Distribution in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, (b) the conversion 
of Boron Non-Voting Common Stock received as a result of the Distribution 
into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of such Boron Non-Voting 
Common Stock, or (c) any Transfer to a Permitted Transferee.

“Shareholder” means (a) any Silicon Holder who has received Shares or any 
shares of Boron Non-Voting Common Stock that have not yet been converted 
into Boron Common Stock and (i) as of the date of the Merger Agreement, has 
executed an Investor Letter Agreement or (ii) prior to the Closing, has 
agreed to be bound the terms set forth herein as set forth in Section 6.15 
of the Merger Agreement, in each case for so long as such Silicon Holder 
beneficially owns any Shares or any shares of Boron Non-Voting Common Stock 
that have not yet been converted into Boron Common Stock and (b) any 
Permitted Transferee to whom such Silicon Holder has Transferred any 
Shares, for so long as (i) such Permitted Transferee beneficially owns any 
such Shares and (ii) such Permitted Transferee continues to be a Controlled 
Affiliate of the Transferring Silicon Holder.

“Shelf Registration Statement” means an Automatic Shelf Registration 
Statement or a 415 Shelf Registration Statement.

“Suspension Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(a).

“Transfer” means (i) any direct or indirect sale, assignment, disposition 
or other transfer, either voluntary or involuntary, of any capital stock or 
interest in any capital stock or

B-3

 
(ii) in respect of any capital stock or interest in any capital stock, to 
enter into any swap or any other agreement, transaction or series of 
transactions that hedges or transfers, in whole or in part, directly or 
indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of such capital stock or 
interest in capital stock, whether any such transaction, swap or series of 
transactions is to be settled by delivery of securities, in cash or 
otherwise.

“Underwriter” means, with respect to any Underwritten Offering, a 
securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as a principal 
in connection with a distribution of such Registrable Securities.

“Underwriter’s Lockup” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(c).

“Underwritten Offering” means a public offering of securities registered 
under the Securities Act in which an Underwriter participates in the 
distribution of such securities.

“Underwritten Offering Limitations” has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.01(d).

Article II

REGISTRATION RIGHTS

Section 2.01.                        Shelf Registration.

(a)                Filing. Subject to Section 2.08,

    (i)                 if on the Lockup Termination Date, Boron is a
    well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
    Act), Boron will file, as promptly as practicable on or after the
    Lockup Termination Date (but in any event within fifteen (15) Business
    Days thereafter), an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement useable for
    the resale of Registrable Securities under the Securities Act from and
    after the Lockup Termination Date in accordance with the methods of
    distribution elected by the Shareholders. Such Automatic Shelf
    Registration Statement shall contain any intended methods of
    distribution of the Shares specified in writing by any Shareholder and
    contemplated hereby.

    (ii)               if on the Lockup Termination Date, Boron is not a
    well-known seasoned issuer but is eligible to file a 415 Shelf
    Registration Statement, Boron will file, as promptly as practicable on
    or after the Lockup Termination Date (but in any event within fifteen
    (15) Business Days thereafter), a 415 Shelf Registration Statement
    useable for the resale of Registrable Securities under the Securities
    Act from and after the Lockup Termination Date, in accordance with the
    methods of distribution elected by such Shareholders and shall use its
    reasonable best efforts to cause such 415 Shelf Registration Statement
    to become effective under the Securities Act not later than the Lockup
    Termination Date. Such 415 Shelf Registration Statement shall contain
    any intended methods of distribution of the Shares specified in writing
    by any Shareholder and contemplated hereby.

B-4

 
(b)               Continued Effectiveness. Until the earlier of (i) such 
time as all Registrable Securities cease to be Registrable Securities or 
(ii) Boron is no longer eligible to maintain a Shelf Registration 
Statement, Boron will keep current and effective any Shelf Registration 
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2.01(a), and file such supplements or 
amendments to such Shelf Registration Statement as may be necessary or 
appropriate in order to keep such Shelf Registration Statement continuously 
effective and useable for the resale of Registrable Securities under the 
Securities Act. In the event that Boron is no longer eligible to maintain a 
Shelf Registration Statement, Boron shall provide written notice to the 
Shareholders of such ineligibility within two (2) Business Days of the date 
on which Boron becomes aware of such ineligibility. Boron shall use 
reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities to, on or prior 
to the Lockup Termination Date, be qualified for trading on any securities 
exchange on which the Boron Common Stock is listed or quoted.

(c)                Use of Shelf Registration Statement. Following the 
Lockup Termination Date, each Shareholder shall have the right to use any 
Shelf Registration Statement then effective to Transfer all or a portion of 
its Registrable Securities (i) in an unrestricted number of brokered 
transactions and (ii) Underwritten Offerings in accordance with Section 
2.01(d).

(d)               Underwritten Offerings pursuant to Shelf Registration 
Statement. Upon the receipt by Boron of a written request from (i) any 
Major Silicon Member that desires to sell Registrable Securities in an 
Underwritten Offering that is not a Marketed Underwritten Offering or (ii) 
a majority of the Registrable Securities then held by the Major Silicon 
Members with respect to a Marketed Underwritten Offering, in each case 
pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement, Boron will give written notice 
of such request to all other Shareholders, which notice shall be given in 
any event within three (3) Business Days of the date on which Boron 
received the initial request. Any other Shareholders that desire to sell 
Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering shall give written 
notice to Boron within ten (10) Business Days after the date Boron gave 
such other Shareholders notice of the such initial request specifying the 
number of Registrable Securities proposed by such Shareholder to be 
included in such Underwritten Offering. A Shareholder may change the number 
of Registrable Securities proposed to be offered in any such Underwritten 
Offering at any time prior to commencement of such offering so long as such 
change would not materially adversely affect the timing or success of such 
Underwritten Offering; provided, however, that Boron shall be entitled to 
reasonably delay an Underwritten Offering to the extent resulting from such 
change. Boron will cooperate with such Shareholders and any Underwriter in 
effecting an Underwritten Offering pursuant to the Shelf Registration 
Statement as promptly as reasonably practicable with respect to all such 
Registrable Securities, subject to the limitations and conditions with 
respect to Underwritten Offerings (the “Underwritten Offering Limitations
”):

    (i)                 Boron shall not be required to effect more than
    eight (8) Underwritten Offerings in the aggregate, of which no more
    than three (3) may be Marketed Underwritten Offerings.

    (ii)               Boron shall not be required to effect (A) any
    Marketed Underwritten Offering within one hundred and eighty (180) days
    after another Marketed Underwritten Offering, and (B) any Underwritten
    Offering within ninety (90) days after another Underwritten Offering.

B-5

 
    (iii)             Boron shall not be required to effect any
    Underwritten Offering unless the aggregate gross proceeds expected to
    be received from the sale of Registrable Securities in such offering is
    at least $50 million.

    (iv)             With respect to a Marketed Underwritten Offering only,
    the relevant Major Silicon Members, on the one hand, and, Boron, on the
    other hand, shall each be entitled to select one nationally recognized
    investment banking firm to serve as a lead Underwriter, with each of
    the two such lead Underwriters to be treated substantially the same in
    all respects (including underwriting discounts, fees and commissions)
    in respect of such Marketed Underwritten Offering, and the relevant
    Major Silicon Members shall have the right to select any additional
    Underwriters in connection with the Marketed Underwritten Offering;
    provided that any such additional Underwriter must be reasonably
    acceptable to Boron.

    (v)               With respect to an Underwritten Offering that is not
    a Marketed Underwritten Offering, the relevant Major Silicon Members
    shall be entitled to select the nationally recognized investment
    banking firm to serve as a lead Underwriter and, if applicable, any
    additional Underwriters.

(e)                Effect on Demand Registration Obligations. The 
provisions of Section 2.02 shall not apply at any time Boron is eligible to 
file and maintain the effectiveness of a Shelf Registration Statement and 
so maintains the effectiveness of such Shelf Registration Statement.

Section 2.02.                        Demand Registration.

(a)                Demand by Shareholders. If at any time after the Lockup 
Termination Date and prior to Boron effecting eight (8) Underwritten 
Offerings pursuant to Section 2.01(d), Boron is no longer eligible to use a 
Shelf Registration Statement, within ninety (90) days after the written 
request of Shareholders holding a majority of the Registrable Securities 
then held by the Shareholders to register the resale of a specified amount 
of the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to an 
Underwritten Offering (a “Demand Notice”), Boron will (i) give written 
notice of such request to all other Shareholders (which notice shall be 
given in any event within three (3) Business Days of the date on which 
Boron received the applicable Demand Notice) and will use its reasonable 
best efforts to register, in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement, all Registrable Securities that have been requested to be 
registered in the Demand Notice or by any other Shareholders by written 
notice to Boron given within ten (10) Business Days after the date Boron 
gave such other Shareholders notice of the Demand Notice (collectively, the 
“Demand Shareholders”) and (ii) will file a Registration Statement, on an 
appropriate form which Boron is then eligible to use, to register the 
resale of such Registrable Securities in an Underwritten Offering (each 
such registration, a “Demand Registration”). Each Demand Notice will 
specify the number of Registrable Securities proposed to be offered for 
sale. The Demand Shareholders may change the number of Registrable 
Securities proposed to be offered pursuant to any Demand Registration at 
any time prior to commencement of the offering so long as such change would 
not materially adversely affect the timing or success of the offering. 
Subject to Section 2.05 and with the written consent of Shareholders 
holding a majority of the Registrable Securities included in the Demand 
Registration (such consent not to

B-6

 
be unreasonably withheld), Boron may include in any registration effected 
pursuant this Section 2.02 any securities for its own account or for the 
account of holders of Boron Common Stock (other than the Shareholders).

(b)               Effective Registration. Boron will use its reasonable 
best efforts to (i) cause any Registration Statement filed in connection 
with a Demand Registration to be declared effective (unless it becomes 
effective automatically upon filing) as promptly as practicable after the 
filing thereof with the SEC and (ii) keep such Registration Statement 
current and effective for a period of not less than ninety (90) days or 
such longer period as, based upon the opinion of counsel for the 
underwriters, a prospectus is required by law to be delivered in connection 
with the sale of Registrable Securities by an underwriter or dealer. Boron 
further agrees to supplement or make amendments to each such Registration 
Statement as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective 
for the period referred to in clause (ii) above, including (A) to respond 
to the comments of the SEC, if any, (B) as may be required by the 
registration form utilized by Boron for such Registration Statement or by 
the instructions to such registration form, (C) as may be required by the 
Securities Act or (D) as may be reasonably requested in writing by the 
Demand Shareholders or any Underwriter and reasonably acceptable to Boron.

(c)                Limitations. Boron’s obligations in this Section 2.02 
shall be subject to the Underwritten Offering Limitations.

Section 2.03.                        Piggyback Registration. If at any time 
after the Lockup Termination Date and in addition to the Shareholders’ 
rights in Section 2.01 and Section 2.02, Boron proposes to file a 
registration statement under the Securities Act or consummate an 
Underwritten Offering with respect to an offering of Equity Interests for 
(a) Boron’s own account (other than a Registration Statement on Form S-4 or 
S-8 (or any substitute form that may be adopted by the SEC)) or (b) the 
account of any holder of Boron Common Stock (other than a Shareholder), 
then Boron shall give written notice of such proposed filing or 
Underwritten Offering to the Shareholders as soon as practicable (but in no 
event less than ten (10) Business Days before the anticipated filing date). 
Upon a written request given by any Shareholders to Boron within five (5) 
Business Days after delivery of any such notice by Boron, to include 
Registrable Securities in such registration or Underwritten Offering, as 
applicable (which request shall specify the number of Registrable 
Securities proposed to be included in such registration or Underwritten 
Offering, as applicable), Boron shall, subject to the following proviso, 
include all such requested Registrable Securities in such registration or 
Underwritten Offering, as applicable, on the same terms and conditions as 
applicable to Boron’s or such holder’s shares of Boron Common Stock (a “
Piggyback Registration”); provided, however, that if at any time after 
giving written notice of such proposed filing or Underwritten Offering, as 
applicable, and prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement 
filed in connection with such registration, or the consummation of such 
Underwritten Offering, as applicable, Boron shall determine for any reason 
not to proceed with the proposed registration or disposition, as 
applicable, of the Equity Interests, then Boron may, at its election, give 
written notice of such determination to such Shareholders and, thereupon, 
will be relieved of its obligation to register any Registrable Securities 
in connection with such registration, or dispose of any Registrable 
Securities in connection with such Underwritten Offering, as applicable. 
Such Shareholders shall, subject to Section 2.06(b), enter into a customary 
underwriting agreement with the Underwriter or

B-7

 
Underwriters selected by Boron with respect to any Registrable Securities 
sold by such Shareholders pursuant to this Section 2.03. No registration of 
Registrable Securities effected pursuant to a request under this Section 
2.03 shall relieve Boron of its obligations under Section 2.01 or Section 
2.02.

Section 2.04.                        Withdrawal of Request for Underwritten 
Offering or Demand Registration. A requesting Major Silicon Member or, as 
applicable, requesting Shareholders holding a majority of the Registrable 
Securities then held by the Shareholders will be permitted to rescind a 
request for an Underwritten Offering pursuant to a Shelf Registration 
Statement or a request for a Demand Registration without having to 
reimburse Boron for any expenses; provided that should a requesting Major 
Silicon Member or, as applicable, requesting Shareholders holding a 
majority of the Registrable Securities that previously made such request 
rescind such request in writing (for the avoidance of doubt, a delay in the 
timing of an Underwritten Offering or a reduction in the number of 
Registrable Securities proposed to be offered shall not be deemed a 
rescission), each such rescinding Major Silicon Member or Shareholder shall 
promptly reimburse Boron for the reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred 
by Boron in connection with such request on a pro rata basis in accordance 
with the number of Registrable Securities that each such Major Silicon 
Member or Shareholder originally intended to be offered, and following such 
reimbursement and such request will not count as a request for an 
Underwritten Offering or Demand Registration for purposes of determining 
when future Underwritten Offerings or Demand Registrations may be requested 
by Major Silicon Members or Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.01 or 
Section 2.02.

Section 2.05.                        Reduction of Size of Underwritten 
Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the 
lead Underwriter(s) of an Underwritten Offering advises Boron in writing 
that, in its reasonable opinion the number of shares of Boron Common Stock 
(including any Registrable Securities) that Boron, Shareholders and any 
other Persons intend to include in any Registration Statement or dispose of 
pursuant to any Underwritten Offering exceeds the number that can be sold 
without materially and adversely affecting the price at which the 
securities can be sold, then the number of shares of Boron Common Stock to 
be included in the Registration Statement, or disposed of pursuant to such 
Underwritten Offering, as applicable, for the account of Boron, 
Shareholders and any other Persons will be reduced to the extent necessary 
to reduce the total number of securities to be included in any such 
Registration Statement or disposed of pursuant to such Underwritten 
Offering, as applicable, to the number recommended by such lead 
Underwriter(s); provided, however, that such reduction shall be made in 
accordance with the following priorities:

(a)                priority in the case of an Underwritten Offering 
pursuant to Section 2.01 or a Demand Registration pursuant to Section 2.02 
will be (i) first, all Registrable Securities requested to be included in 
the Registration Statement, or disposed of pursuant to the Underwritten 
Offering or the Demand Registration, as applicable, for the account of the 
participating Major Silicon Members pursuant to Section 2.01 or Section 
2.02, pro rata on the basis of the aggregate number of Registrable 
Securities sought to be registered or disposed of by such Major Silicon 
Members, (ii) second, all Registrable Securities requested to be included 
in the Registration Statement, or disposed of pursuant to the Underwritten 
Offering or the Demand Registration, as applicable, for the account of the 
other participating Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.01 or Section 2.02, 
pro rata on the basis of the aggregate number of Registrable

B-8

 
Securities sought to be registered or disposed of by such Shareholders, 
(iii) third, any Boron Common Stock proposed to be offered by Boron for its 
own account and (iv) fourth, pro rata among any other holders of shares of 
Boron Common Stock requested to be registered, or disposed of, as 
applicable, so that the total number of shares of Common Stock to be 
included in any such offering for the account of all such Persons will not 
exceed the number recommended by such lead Underwriter;

(b)               priority in the case of a registration statement or 
Underwritten Offering initiated by Boron for its own account which gives 
rise to a Piggyback Registration pursuant to Section 2.03 will be (i) 
first, Boron Common Stock proposed to be offered by Boron for its own 
account, (ii) second, the Registrable Securities requested to be included 
in the Registration Statement, or disposed of pursuant to the Underwritten 
Offering, as applicable, for the account of the Shareholders pursuant to 
their registration rights under Section 2.03, pro rata on the basis of the 
aggregate number of Registrable Securities sought to be registered or 
disposed of by such Shareholders, and (iii) third, pro rata among any other 
holders of shares of Boron Common Stock requested to be registered, or 
disposed of, as applicable, so that the total number of shares of Boron 
Common Stock to be included in any such offering for the account of all 
such Persons will not exceed the number recommended by such lead 
Underwriter; and

(c)                priority in the case of a registration statement or 
Underwritten Offering initiated by Boron for the account of holders of 
Boron Common Stock other than the Shareholders pursuant to registration 
rights afforded to such holders pursuant to a contractual right with Boron 
which gives rise to a Piggyback Registration pursuant to Section 2.03 will 
be (i) first, pro rata among the holders of shares of Boron Common Stock 
requesting the offering pursuant to such contractual right, (ii) second, 
Registrable Securities requested to be included in the Registration 
Statement, or disposed of, pursuant to the Underwritten Offering, as 
applicable, for the account of the Shareholders pursuant to their 
registration rights under Section 2.03, pro rata on the basis of the 
aggregate number of Registrable Securities sought to be registered or 
disposed of by such Shareholders, (iii) third, Boron Common Stock or other 
Equity Interests offered by Boron for its own account and (iv) fourth, pro 
rata among any other holders of shares of Boron Common Stock requested to 
be registered, or disposed of, as applicable, so that the total number of 
Boron Common Stock to be included in any such offering for the account of 
all such Persons will not exceed the number recommended by such lead 
Underwriter.

Section 2.06.                        Registration Procedures. (a) In 
connection with the registration of the sale of Registrable Securities 
pursuant hereto, Boron will as promptly as reasonably practicable:

    (i)                 but no less than five (5) Business Days prior to
    the initial filing of a Registration Statement, furnish to the relevant
    Shareholders, prior to the filing of a Registration Statement, copies
    of such Registration Statement as it is proposed to be filed, and
    thereafter such copies of such Registration Statement, each amendment
    and supplement thereto (in each case including all exhibits thereto,
    including each preliminary Prospectus), copies of any and all
    transmittal letters or other correspondence with the SEC relating to
    such Registration Statement, any agreement with Underwriters related to
    such offering and such other documents in such quantities as such
    Shareholders may reasonably request from time to time in order to
    facilitate the disposition of such

B-9

 
    Registrable Securities (including in connection with any Underwritten
    Offering), and give such Shareholders and their Representatives a
    reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the same prior to
    filing any such documents, it being understood that Boron shall not
    file any such Registration Statement containing any statements with
    respect to the Shareholders or the “Plan of Distribution” to which the
    Shareholders shall reasonably object in writing;

    (ii)               cause Boron’s Representatives to supply all
    information reasonably requested by the relevant Shareholders, any
    Underwriter or their respective Representatives in connection with the
    Registration Statement or Underwritten Offering that is customarily
    provided by issuers and their Representatives in connection with a
    registration statement or Underwritten Offering;

    (iii)             use its reasonable best efforts to register or
    qualify such Registrable Securities under such other securities or
    “blue sky” laws of such jurisdictions as the relevant Shareholders
    reasonably request; provided, however, that Boron shall in no event be
    required to (w) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction
    where it is not then so qualified, (x) subject itself to taxation in
    any jurisdiction where it is not otherwise then so subject, (y) take
    any action that would subject it to service of process in suits other
    than those arising out of the offer and sale of the securities covered
    by the Registration Statement or (z) consent to general service of
    process in any jurisdiction where it is not then so subject;

    (iv)             notify the relevant Shareholders at any time when a
    Prospectus relating to Registrable Securities is required to be
    delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a
    result of which Boron becomes aware that the Prospectus included in a
    Registration Statement or the Registration Statement or amendment or
    supplement relating to such Registrable Securities contains an untrue
    statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact
    required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
    therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
    not misleading, and Boron will promptly prepare and file with the SEC a
    supplement or amendment to such Prospectus and Registration Statement
    so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable
    Securities, such Prospectus and Registration Statement will not contain
    an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
    fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
    therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
    not misleading;

    (v)               advise the Underwriter(s), if any, and the relevant
    Shareholders promptly and, if requested by such Persons, confirm such
    advice in writing, of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order
    suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the
    Securities Act or of the suspension by any state securities commission
    of the qualification of the Registrable Securities for offering or sale
    in any jurisdiction, or the initiation of any proceeding for any of the
    preceding purposes. If at any time the SEC shall issue any stop order
    suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any
    state securities commission or other regulatory authority shall issue
    an order suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification
    of the Registrable Securities under state securities or “blue sky”
    laws, Boron shall use its

B-10

 
    reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal or lifting of such
    order as promptly as practicable and shall promptly notify the
    Shareholders in writing of any such withdrawal or lifting of such
    order;

    (vi)             use its reasonable best efforts to cause such
    Registrable Securities to be registered with or approved by such other
    Governmental Entities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and
    operations of Boron to enable the relevant Shareholders to consummate
    the disposition of such Registrable Securities; provided, however, that
    Boron shall in no event be required to (w) qualify generally to do
    business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, (x)
    subject itself to taxation in any jurisdiction where it is not
    otherwise then so subject, (y) take any action that would subject it to
    service of process in suits other than those arising out of the offer
    and sale of the securities covered by the Registration Statement or (z)
    consent to general service of process in any jurisdiction where it is
    not then so subject;

    (vii)           enter into customary agreements (including underwriting
    agreements) and use reasonable best efforts to take such other actions
    as are reasonably requested by the relevant Shareholders in order to
    expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities,
    including, subject to the provisions of Section 2.01(d) with respect to
    Underwritten Offerings, preparing for and participating in a road show
    and other customary selling efforts as the Underwriters, if any, or
    such Shareholders reasonably request in order to expedite or facilitate
    such disposition;

    (viii)         if requested by the relevant Shareholders or the
    Underwriter(s), if any, promptly include in any Registration Statement
    or Prospectus, pursuant to a supplement or post-effective amendment if
    necessary, such information as such Shareholders and such
    Underwriter(s), if any, may reasonably request to have included
    therein, including information relating to the “Plan of Distribution”
    of the Registrable Securities, information with respect to the number
    of Registrable Securities being sold to such Underwriter(s), the
    purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering
    of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering, and make all
    required filings of such Prospectus supplement or post-effective
    amendment as promptly as practicable after Boron is notified of the
    matters to be included in such Prospectus supplement or post-effective
    amendment;

    (ix)             except to the extent prohibited by applicable Law and
    subject to entry into a customary confidentiality agreement or
    arrangement, make available, after reasonable advance notice, for
    inspection by the relevant Shareholders, any Underwriter participating
    in any disposition of such Registrable Securities and any
    Representative for such Shareholders and/or such Underwriter
    (collectively, the “Inspectors”), during business hours at the offices
    where such information is normally kept, any financial and other
    records and corporate documents of Boron (collectively, the “Records”)
    as will be reasonably necessary to enable them to conduct reasonable
    and customary due diligence with respect to Boron and the related
    Registration Statement and Prospectus and request the Representatives
    of Boron and its Subsidiaries to supply all information reasonably
    requested by any such Inspector; provided, however, that Records and
    information

B-11

 
    obtained hereunder will be used by such Inspectors only for purposes of
    conducting such due diligence;

    (x)               use its reasonable best efforts to obtain and deliver
    to each Underwriter and each such Shareholder a comfort letter from the
    independent registered public accounting firm for Boron (and additional
    comfort letters from the independent registered public accounting firm
    for any company acquired by Boron whose financial statements are
    included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement) in
    customary form and covering such matters as are customarily covered by
    comfort letters as such Underwriter and such Shareholders may
    reasonably request; provided, however, that if Boron fails to obtain
    such comfort letter and the relevant offering is abandoned, then such
    Underwritten Offering or Demand Registration will not count as an
    Underwritten Offering or Demand Registration, as applicable, for
    purposes of determining when future Underwritten Offerings or Demand
    Registrations may be requested by Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.01
    or Section 2.02;

    (xi)             use its reasonable best efforts to obtain and deliver
    to each Underwriter and each such Shareholder a 10b-5 statement and
    legal opinion from Boron’s external counsel in customary form and
    covering such matters as are customarily covered by 10b 5 statements
    and legal opinions delivered to Underwriters in Underwritten Offerings
    as such Underwriter and/or such Shareholders may reasonably request; 
    provided, however, that if Boron fails to obtain such statement or
    opinion and the relevant offering is abandoned, then such Underwritten
    Offering or Demand Registration will not count as an Underwritten
    Offering or Demand Registration, as applicable, for purposes of
    determining when future Underwritten Offerings or Demand Registrations
    may be requested by Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.01 or Section
    2.02;

    (xii)           otherwise use its reasonable best efforts to comply
    with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and make generally
    available to its security holders, within the required time period, an
    earnings statement covering a period of twelve (12) months, beginning
    with the first fiscal quarter after the effective date of the
    Registration Statement relating to such Registrable Securities (as the
    term “effective date” is defined in Rule 158(c) under the Securities
    Act), which earnings statement will satisfy the provisions of Section
    11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder or any successor
    provisions thereto;

    (xiii)         provide and cause to be maintained a transfer agent and
    registrar for all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration
    Statement not later than the effective date of such Registration
    Statement;

    (xiv)         cooperate with such Shareholders and the lead Underwriter
    or Underwriters, if any, to facilitate the timely preparation and
    delivery of certificates representing the Registrable Securities to be
    sold under the Registration Statement in a form eligible for deposit
    with The Depository Trust Company not bearing any restrictive legends
    and not subject to any stop transfer order with any transfer agent, and
    cause such Registrable Securities to be issued in such denominations
    and registered in such names as the lead Underwriter or Underwriters,
    if any, may request in writing or, if not an

B-12

 
    Underwritten Offering, in accordance with the instructions of such
    Shareholders, in each case in connection with the closing of any sale
    of Registrable Securities;

    (xv)           not later than the effective date of the applicable
    Registration Statement, provide a CUSIP number for all Registrable
    Securities;

    (xvi)         furnish to each such Shareholder and each Underwriter, if
    any, without charge, as many conformed copies as such Shareholder or
    Underwriter may reasonably request of the applicable Registration
    Statement and any amendment or post-effective amendment thereto,
    including financial statements and schedules, all documents
    incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits (including those
    incorporated by reference);

    (xvii)       make representations and warranties to such Shareholders
    and the Underwriters or agents, if any, in form, substance and scope as
    are customarily made by issuers in secondary offerings;

    (xviii)     use reasonable best efforts to cooperate with each such
    Shareholder and each Underwriter, if any, participating in the
    disposition of such Registrable Securities and their respective counsel
    in connection with any filings required to be made with FINRA;

    (xix)         use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registrable
    Securities to be listed or quoted on NASDAQ or, if Boron Common Stock
    is not then listed on NASDAQ, then on such other securities exchange or
    national quotation system on which the Boron Common Stock is then
    listed or quoted; and

    (xx)           take all such other commercially reasonable actions as
    are necessary or advisable in order to expedite or facilitate the
    disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms
    hereof.

(b)               In connection with the Registration Statement relating to 
such Registrable Securities covering an Underwritten Offering, Boron and 
the relevant Shareholders agree to enter into a written agreement with the 
Underwriters selected in the manner herein provided in such form and 
containing such provisions as are customary in the securities business for 
such an arrangement. In the event an Underwritten Offering is not 
consummated because any condition to the obligations under any related 
written agreement with such Underwriters is not met or waived, and such 
failure to be met or waived is not attributable to the fault of the 
Shareholders, such Underwritten Offering will not count for purposes of 
determining when future Underwritten Offerings may be requested by 
Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.01 or Section 2.02.

Section 2.07.                        Conditions to Offerings. (a) The 
obligations of Boron to take the actions contemplated by Section 2.01, 
Section 2.02, Section 2.03 and Section 2.06 with respect to an offering of 
Registrable Securities will be subject to the following conditions:

    (i)                 Boron may require the relevant Shareholders to
    furnish to Boron such information regarding such Shareholders, the
    Registrable Securities or the distribution of such Registrable
    Securities as Boron may from time to time reasonably

B-13

 
    request in writing, in each case to the extent required by the
    Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or
    under state securities or “blue sky” laws; and

    (ii)               in any Underwritten Offering, the relevant
    Shareholders together with Boron and any other holders of Boron’s
    securities proposing to include securities in any Underwritten
    Offering, will enter into a customary underwriting agreement in
    accordance with Section 2.06(b) with the Underwriter or Underwriters
    selected for such underwriting, as well as such other documents
    customary in similar offerings.

(b)               The Shareholders agrees that, upon receipt of any notice 
from Boron of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 
2.06(a)(iv) or 2.06(a)(v) or a condition described in Section 2.08(a), the 
Shareholders will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable 
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering the sale of such 
Registrable Securities until the Shareholder’s receipt of the copies of the 
supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 2.06(a)(iv) or 
notice from Boron of the termination of the stop order or Suspension 
Period. In the event Boron gives any such notice, the applicable time 
period mentioned in Section 2.02(b) during which a Registration Statement 
is to remain effective will be extended by the number of days during the 
period from and including the date of the giving of such notice pursuant to 
this Section 2.07(b) to and including the date when the Shareholders will 
have received the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus 
contemplated by Section 2.06(a)(iv) or notice from Boron of the termination 
of the stop order or Suspension Period.

(c)                Each Shareholder agrees that to the extent timely 
notified in writing by the Underwriters managing any Underwritten Offering 
by Boron of shares of Boron Common Stock or any securities convertible into 
or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Boron Common Stock, each such 
Shareholder that is participating in such Underwritten Offering shall agree 
(the “Underwriter’s Lockup”) not to Transfer any Shares without the prior 
written consent of Boron or such Underwriters during the period beginning 
seven (7) days before and ending one hundred twenty (120) days (or, in 
either case, such lesser period as may be permitted for all Shareholders by 
Boron or such managing Underwriter or Underwriters) after the pricing date 
of such Underwritten Offering, subject to any exceptions permitted by such 
managing Underwriter or Underwriters; provided that any Underwriter’s 
Lockup shall contain customary exceptions providing that such Shareholder 
and its Affiliates, other than such Shareholder, may engage in brokerage, 
investment advisory, financial advisory, anti-raid advisory, merger 
advisory, financing, asset management, trading, market making, arbitrage, 
principal investing and other similar activities conducted in the ordinary 
course of their Affiliates’ business, other than with respect to the Shares 
owned by such Shareholder. The Underwriter’s Lockup shall provide that if 
all or a portion of the Shares of any Shareholder is released from an 
Underwriter’s Lockup or all or a portion of the Shares of any other party 
who entered into a substantially similar agreement with the Underwriters in 
connection with such Underwritten Offering is released from such agreement, 
then the same percentage of the shares of each Shareholder shall be 
released from the Underwriter’s Lockup.

B-14

 

Section 2.08.          Suspension Period.

(a)                Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 
this Agreement, if the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of 
(i) any Shelf Registration Statement for resales of Registrable Securities 
pursuant to Section 2.01 or Section 2.03 or (ii) any Registration Statement 
for resales of Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2.02 or Section 
2.03 at any time would, (A) in the good faith judgment of the Board of 
Directors of Boron, (i) require the disclosure of material non-public 
information by Boron, the premature disclosure of which at such time would 
be materially detrimental to Boron, or (ii) require the disclosure in any 
such Shelf Registration Statement or Registration Statement of a 
contemplated bona fide material financing, acquisition, corporate 
reorganization or other similar material transaction or other material 
event or circumstance affecting Boron, the premature disclosure of which at 
such time would be materially detrimental to Boron or the holders of Boron 
Common Stock; or (B) require the inclusion, at that time, in such Shelf 
Registration Statement or Registration Statement, as applicable, of 
financial statements of a business to be acquired, or pro forma financial 
statements reflecting the acquisition of such business, where the business 
combination has occurred, or is probable, and such financial statements are 
not then available to Boron for reasons beyond Boron’s control; provided, 
in the case of this clause (B), that Boron shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to obtain such financial statements as promptly as practicable, 
Boron shall be entitled, from time to time, by delivering a certificate 
signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of 
Boron to the Shareholders certifying to the determination of the board of 
directors of Boron described above, to require the Shareholders to suspend 
the use of the Prospectus included in any Shelf Registration Statement or 
to postpone the filing or suspend the use of any Registration Statement for 
a reasonable period of time not to exceed sixty (60) days in succession (or 
a longer period of time with the prior written consent of a majority of the 
Shareholders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), one 
hundred and twenty (120) days in the aggregate in any one-year period or 
three (3) times in any one-year period (a “Suspension Period”); provided 
that Boron shall not register any securities for sale for its own account 
or that of any other shareholder during any Suspension Period. In the event 
of any such suspension pursuant to this Section 2.08(a), Boron shall 
furnish to the Shareholders a written notice setting forth the estimated 
length of the anticipated delay. Boron will use reasonable best efforts to 
limit the length of any Suspension Period and shall notify the Shareholders 
promptly upon the termination of the Suspension Period. Notice of the 
commencement of a Suspension Period shall simply specify such commencement 
and shall not contain any facts or circumstances relating to such 
commencement or any material non-public information. Boron shall respond 
promptly to reasonable inquiry by a Shareholder as to such facts and 
circumstances. Upon notice by Boron to the Shareholders of any 
determination to commence a Suspension Period, the Shareholders shall keep 
the fact of any such Suspension Period strictly confidential, and during 
any Suspension Period, promptly halt any offer, sale, trading or transfer 
of any Boron Common Stock pursuant to such Prospectus for the duration of 
the Suspension Period until (x) the Suspension Period has expired or, if 
earlier (y) Boron has provided notice that the Suspension Period has been 
terminated.

(b)               After the expiration of any Suspension Period and without 
any further request from a Shareholder, Boron shall as promptly as 
reasonably practicable prepare a Registration Statement or post-effective 
amendment or supplement to the applicable shelf Registration Statement or 
Prospectus, or any document incorporated therein by reference, or file

B-15

 
any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to purchasers 
of the Registrable Securities included therein, if necessary so that the 
Prospectus will not include a material misstatement or omission or be not 
effective and useable for resale of Registrable Securities.

Section 2.09.                        Registration Expenses. Subject to 
Section 2.04, all fees and expenses incurred by Boron in effecting any 
registration pursuant to this Article II, including all fees and expenses 
incurred in complying with securities or “blue sky” laws, printing 
expenses, any registration or filing fees payable under any federal or 
state securities or “blue sky” laws, the fees and expenses incurred in 
connection with any listing or quoting of the securities to be registered 
on any national securities exchange or automated quotation system, fees of 
FINRA, fees and disbursements of counsel for Boron, fees and disbursements 
of one counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities whose shares are 
included in a Registration Statement or Underwritten Offering, which 
counsel shall be selected by the holders of a majority of the Registrable 
Securities being sold pursuant to such Registration Statement or 
Underwritten Offering, and fees and expenses of Boron’s independent 
registered certified public accounting firm, will be borne by Boron; 
provided, however, that the Shareholders will bear and pay any underwriting 
discounts, fees and commissions of any Underwriters and transfer taxes and 
any expenses required by applicable Law to be paid by a selling 
shareholder, in each case with respect to Registrable Securities offered 
for the Shareholders’ account pursuant to any Registration Statement.

Section 2.10.                        Rules 144 and 144A and Regulation S. 
Boron covenants that it will use reasonable best efforts to file the 
reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the 
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder 
and it will use reasonable best efforts to take any such further action 
promptly as reasonably requested, all to the extent required from time to 
time to enable the Shareholders to sell Registrable Securities without 
registration under the Securities Act pursuant to (i) Rules 144, 144A or 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, as such provisions may be amended 
from time to time, or (ii) any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted 
by the SEC. Upon the reasonable request of a Shareholder, Boron will 
deliver to such Shareholder a written statement as to whether it has 
complied with such requirements and, if not, the specifics thereof.

Section 2.11.                        Indemnification; Contribution. (a) In 
connection with any registration of Registrable Securities or Underwritten 
Offering pursuant to Section 2.01, Section 2.02 or Section 2.03, Boron will 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Shareholder, its Affiliates, 
directors, officers, shareholders and employees and each Person who 
controls such Shareholders within the meaning of either Section 15 of the 
Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the “
Indemnified Persons”) from and against any and all Losses caused by any 
untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained or 
incorporated by reference in any part of any Registration Statement or any 
Prospectus, including any amendment or supplement thereto, used in 
connection with the Registrable Securities, or any omission or alleged 
omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of a Prospectus, in 
the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading; 
provided, however, that Boron will not be required to indemnify any 
Indemnified Person for any such Loss arising out of or with respect to 
sales pursuant to the Registration Statement or Prospectus based upon 
information in the Registration Statement or Prospectus that was 
represented by Silicon or Silicon Holdings as true and correct

B-16

 
in the Merger Agreement, and with respect to which Boron would not have 
been reasonably expected to discover the failure of such information to be 
true and correct prior to the date of such sales.

(b)               In connection with any Registration Statement or 
Prospectus, the Shareholders who sell Registrable Securities pursuant to 
such Registration Statement or Prospectus will severally but not jointly 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Boron, its directors, its officers, its 
employees and each Person, if any, who controls Boron (within the meaning 
of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange 
Act) to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from Boron to the 
Shareholders, but only with respect to information arising out of or based 
upon information furnished in writing by such Shareholder or on such 
Shareholder’s behalf (in each case, in its capacity as a Shareholder), in 
either case expressly for use in any Registration Statement or any 
Prospectus, including any amendment or supplement thereto.

(c)                In case any claim, action or proceeding (including any 
governmental investigation) is instituted involving any Person in respect 
of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 2.11(a) or Section 
2.11(b), such Person (the “Indemnified Party”) will promptly notify the 
Person against whom such indemnity may be sought (the “Indemnifying Party
”) in writing and the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate 
therein and, to the extent it shall wish, to assume the defense thereof 
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and will pay 
the fees and disbursements of such counsel related to such proceeding; 
provided, however, that the failure or delay to give such notice shall not 
relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations pursuant to this 
Agreement except to the extent that it shall be determined by a court of 
competent jurisdiction that such Indemnifying Party has been prejudiced by 
such failure or delay. In any such claim, action or proceeding, the 
Indemnified Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to 
participate in any such defense and to retain its own counsel, but the fees 
and expenses of such counsel will be at the expense of such Indemnified 
Party unless (i) the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party have 
mutually agreed to the retention of such counsel, (ii) the Indemnifying 
Party fails to assume the defense of the claim, action or proceeding within 
fifteen (15) Business Days following receipt of notice from the Indemnified 
Party or (iii) the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party are both 
actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action and the 
Indemnified Party has been advised by counsel that representation of both 
parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or 
potential conflicting interests between them. It is understood that the 
Indemnifying Party will not, in connection with any claim, action or 
proceeding or related claims, actions or proceedings in the same 
jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than 
one (1) separate firm of attorneys (in addition to any local counsel) at 
any time for all such Indemnified Parties and that all such reasonable fees 
and expenses will be reimbursed as they are incurred. In the case of the 
retention of any such separate firm for the Indemnified Parties, such firm 
will be designated in writing by the Indemnified Parties. The Indemnifying 
Party will not be liable for any settlement of any claim, action or 
proceeding effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), but if such claim, action 
or proceeding is settled with such consent or if there has been a final 
judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Party agrees to indemnify the 
Indemnified Party from and against any Loss by reason of such settlement or 
judgment. No Indemnifying Party will, without the prior written consent of 
the Indemnified Party, settle,

B-17

 
compromise or offer to settle or compromise any pending or threatened 
proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is seeking indemnity 
hereunder, unless such settlement includes (i) an unconditional release of 
such Indemnified Party from all liability in connection with such 
proceeding, (ii) no finding or admission of any violation of Law or any 
violation of the rights of any Person by the Indemnified Party or any of 
its Affiliates can be made as the result of such action and (iii) the sole 
relief (if any) provided is monetary damages that are reimbursed in full by 
the Indemnifying Party.

(d)               If the indemnification provided for in this Section 2.11 
from the Indemnifying Party is unavailable to an Indemnified Party 
hereunder or is insufficient in respect of any Losses referred to in this 
Section 2.11, then the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such 
Indemnified Party, will contribute to the amount paid or payable by such 
Indemnified Party as a result of such Losses (i) in such proportion as is 
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and 
Indemnified Party in connection with the actions that resulted in such 
Losses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations, or (ii) if 
the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable Law, 
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative fault 
referred to in clause (i) but also the relative benefit of Boron, on the 
one hand, and such Shareholder, on the other, in connection with the 
statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses, as well as any other 
relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying 
Party and Indemnified Party will be determined by reference to, among other 
things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged 
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to 
state a material fact, has been taken by, or relates to information 
supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties’ 
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to 
correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or 
payable by a party as a result of the Losses referred to above will be 
deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2.11(c), 
any reasonable legal or other out of pocket fees or expenses reasonably 
incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding.

(e)                The parties agree that it would not be just and 
equitable if contribution pursuant to Section 2.11(d) were determined by 
pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take 
into account the equitable considerations referred to in Section 2.11(d). 
No Person guilty of “fraudulent misrepresentation” (within the meaning of 
Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from 
any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. In no 
event shall any Shareholder be obligated to provide indemnification or 
contribution in excess of the net aggregate proceeds received from the sale 
of Registrable Securities pursuant to the applicable Registration Statement 
or Prospectus.

Section 2.12.                        Termination. The provisions in this 
Article II shall terminate with respect to each individual Shareholder on 
the first date when such Shareholder no longer holds any Registrable 
Securities.

Section 2.13.                        Participating Shareholder. By written 
notice delivered to Boron, any Shareholder (an “Opting-Out Shareholder”) 
may elect to waive its right to participate in Underwritten Offerings and 
to be a Piggyback Shareholder and participate in a Piggyback Registration 
(“Section 2.13 Opt-Out”), until such time as the written notice is 
rescinded in writing. During such time as a Section 2.13 Opt-Out is in 
effect: (a) the Opting-Out Shareholder

B-18

 
shall not receive notices of any proposed Underwritten Offering or 
Piggyback Registration, (b) shall not be entitled to participate in any 
such Underwritten Offering pursuant to Section 2.01(d) or Section 2.02(a), 
or Piggyback Registration pursuant to Section 2.03, and (c) shall not be 
subject to Section 2.07(c).

Section 2.14.                        No Waiver. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Annex B shall be deemed a 
waiver by Boron of any restrictions on the Transfer of any Registrable 
Securities.

Section 2.15.                        Limitations on Subsequent Registration 
Rights. From and after the date of this Agreement, Boron shall not, without 
the prior written consent of Shareholders holding a majority of the 
Registrable Securities then held by the Shareholders, enter into any 
agreement with any holder or prospective holder of any Equity Interests 
that is inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, including an 
agreement that would provide to such holder the right to include Equity 
Interests in any registration on other than (a) a pro rata basis with 
respect to the Registrable Securities or (b) on a subordinate basis after 
all applicable Shareholders have had the opportunity to include in the 
registration and offering all shares of Registrable Securities that they 
wish to so include. Boron is not a party to any agreement or arrangement 
providing registration rights to any other Person as of the date hereof.

Section 2.16.                        Recapitalizations, Exchanges Affecting 
the Registrable Securities. The provisions of this Agreement shall apply, 
to the full extent set forth herein, with respect to the Registrable 
Securities, to any and all shares of stock of Boron or any successor or 
assign of Boron (whether by merger, consolidation, sale of assets or 
otherwise) which may be issued in respect of, in exchange for, or in 
substitution of the Registrable Securities, by reason of a stock dividend, 
stock split, stock issuance, reverse stock split, combination, 
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise. 
Upon the occurrence of any of such events, amounts hereunder shall be 
appropriately adjusted.

 
B-19

 
Annex C

Subject Seller Ownership of Holdings Units

 

 
Annex D

Subject Seller Notice Information