 EX-10.1 2 d776914dex101.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement), signed on 
September 30, 2014 and effective as of September 30, 2014 (the Effective 
Date), by and among Deer Valley Homebuilders, Inc., an Alabama 
corporation, whose principal place of business is located at 205 Carriage 
Street, Guin, Alabama 35563 (DVHB), Deer Valley Corporation, a Florida 
corporation, who maintains a mailing address at 3030 N. Rocky Point Drive, 
Suite 150, Tampa, Florida 33607 (DVC and together with DVHB, the 
Employer) and John Steven Lawler (the Employee), an individual currently 
residing at the address set forth on the signature page to this Agreement.


BACKGROUND INFORMATION

DVHB and Employee entered into an Employment Agreement on January 18, 2006, 
which was subsequently amended on February 26, 2010, June 5, 2011 and July 
1, 2012. The parties now wish to amend and restate the terms of the 
Employees employment to change the Employees compensation, and make 
certain other amendments, all as provided herein. Accordingly, the parties 
agree as follows:


OPERATIVE PROVISIONS

1. Employment and Term. Employer hereby employs Employee and the latter 
hereby accepts employment by Employer for a period commencing on the 
Effective Date and ending on May 31, 2018 (the Initial Term) unless 
sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. At the 
end of the Initial Term, and on each subsequent anniversary of such date 
thereafter, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for 
an additional one-year period (each, a Renewal Term and together with the 
Initial Term, the Term) unless (a) not less than thirty (30) days prior 
to the expiration of the then current Term, either party gives written 
notice to the other that such party does not wish to extend the Term (such 
notice, a Non-Renewal Notice), or (b) Employees employment has been 
previously terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. DVHB and DVC 
are co-employers of Employee. Employees payroll shall be processed by 
DVHB. DVHB and DVC are jointly and severally liable for all payments due 
under this Agreement.

2. Duties. During the Term, the Employee shall serve as Chief Financial 
Officer and Secretary of each of DVC and DVHB, and in such additional 
executive and operational capacities with Employer as appropriate to his 
responsibilities and skills as shall be designated by DVC, through action 
of its Board of Directors (the Board of Directors). During the Term, the 
Employee shall devote his full time and attention to the business and 
affairs of DVC, or its subsidiaries, and shall not work anywhere else 
without the prior approval of the Board of Directors, which approval shall 
not be unreasonably withheld.

3. Compensation; Discretionary Bonus; Benefits.

a. Fixed Compensation. For the services to be rendered by the Employee 
under this Agreement, Employer shall pay Employee annual fixed compensation 
(Fixed Compensation) as follows: (i) $101,000 per year (inclusive of any 
amounts subject to federal or state

------------------------------------------------------------------------
employment related withholding requirements) for the period commencing on 
the Effective Date and ending on January 18, 2016, and (ii) $116,000 per 
year (inclusive of any amounts subject to federal or state employment 
related withholding requirements) for the period commencing on January 19, 
2016 and ending on May 31, 2018. Such Fixed Compensation shall be payable 
in arrears in equal weekly installments or otherwise as the parties may 
agree.

b. Profit Sharing Plan. During employment with Employer under this 
Agreement, the Employee is eligible to participate and shall elect prior to 
each fiscal year whether to receive either (i) 3.0% of the Net Income 
Before Taxes (as defined on Annex A attached hereto) of DVHB in cash (the 
Cash PSP Alternative) or (ii) 2% of the Net Income Before Taxes in 
Peerless Systems Corporation Common Stock (PCS) and 2% of the Net Income 
Before Taxes in cash (the Stock Cash PSP Alternative and together with 
the Cash PSP Alternative, the Profit Sharing Distribution). The annual 
period used to measure the Profit Sharing Plan shall be Employers fiscal 
year (the Profit Sharing Year). If the Employee elects to receive the 
Cash PSP Alternative, the Profit Sharing Distribution shall be estimated 
and paid quarterly on or before thirty (30) days following the end of each 
of the first three quarters of the Profit Sharing Year. If the Employee 
elects to receive the Stock Cash PSP Alternative, the 2% cash portion shall 
be paid in the same manner and timing as if the Employee elected to receive 
the Cash PSP Alternative. The Profit Sharing Distribution for the fourth 
quarter of each Profit Sharing Year shall be paid on the earlier of: (i) 
the completion of Employers audited financial statements for the Profit 
Sharing Year; or (ii) one hundred five (105) days after the end of the 
fiscal year, if it is the last fiscal quarter of the applicable Profit 
Sharing Year. To prevent overpayment, Employer shall hold back ten percent 
(10%) of the amount otherwise payable to an Employee during each of first 
three quarters of each Profit Sharing Year. Subject to the other terms of 
this Agreement, Employer will provide an accounting to and pay the actual 
Profit Sharing Distribution to the Employee for each applicable Profit 
Sharing Year upon the earlier of: (i) completion of the Companys audited 
financial statements for the applicable Profit Sharing Year, and (ii) one 
hundred five (105) days after the end of the fiscal year, if it is the last 
fiscal quarter of the applicable Profit Sharing Year. The stock portion of 
the Stock Cash PSP Alternative shall be issued simultaneously with the 
final payment of the cash portion and the PCS shall be based on the average 
closing price of the PSC as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market for the 
month of December during such Profit Sharing Year. The PCS issued to 
Employee shall vest upon the six month anniversary of issuance. The 
Employee must be employed by the Employer at the end of the quarter in 
order to be eligible to receive the Profit Sharing Distribution, provided, 
however, no Profit Sharing Distribution, or portion thereof (regardless of 
whether the Employee is employed at the end of a quarter), shall be paid to 
an Employee whose employment is terminated by Employer with Cause, or 
terminated by the Employee, after completion of the applicable quarter but 
prior to the date that the Profit Sharing Distribution is payable. As 
growth opportunities are identified and implemented by DVCs management 
team, it is the intent of the Board of the Directors to review and 
consider, in its sole discretion, the adoption and implementation of a DVC 
profit sharing plan for the Employee to replace, with consent of the 
Employee, the Profit Sharing Distribution described in this Section 3.b.

c. Hitch Bonus. During employment with the Employer under this Agreement, 
the Employee shall be entitled to a monthly hitch bonus of $50 per 
floor produced by the Company during each month of the Term of this 
Agreement (the Hitch Bonus). A single-wide
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
trailer shall be deemed to have one floor and a double-wide trailer shall 
be deemed to have two floors. The Hitch Bonus shall be paid to the 
Employee on or before the fifteenth day after the month that the Hitch 
Bonus was earned. The Employee must be employed by Employer at the end of 
the month in order to be eligible to receive a Hitch Bonus.

d. Vacation; Employee Benefits. During the Term, the Employee shall be (i) 
entitled to paid vacation in accordance with Employers vacation policy, as 
such vacation policy may be amended and in effect from time to time by the 
Board of Directors, and (ii) entitled to participate in life, medical, 
dental, disability and other benefit plans as maintained by Employer for 
employees of Employer holding positions and performing duties substantially 
similar to those performed by Employee, as such benefits may be amended and 
in effect from time to time by the Board of Directors.

4. Termination of Employment.

a. Termination and Termination Payment. Employer or the Employee may 
terminate Employees employment at any time, with or without cause, by 
providing thirty days prior written notice thereof to the other party. If, 
at any time during the Term, the Employee is terminated by Employer other 
than for Cause (as defined in Section 4.b. below), or the Term expires 
following the provision of a Non-Renewal Notice by Employer, then Employer 
shall, as severance pay, pay the Employee his regular Fixed Compensation, 
at the rate in effect hereunder immediately prior to such termination, 
which shall be payable in installments on Employers regular payroll dates, 
from the date of such termination until twelve months after the date of 
such termination. If, at any time during the Term, the Employee terminates 
his employment for Good Reason (as such term is defined below), then 
Employer shall, as severance pay, pay the Employee his regular Fixed 
Compensation, at the rate in effect hereunder immediately prior to such 
termination, which shall be payable in installments on Employers regular 
payroll dates, from the date of such termination until twelve months after 
the date of such termination. For avoidance of doubt, no severance payment 
will be due to the Employee either upon (i) the Employee voluntarily 
terminating the employment relationship other than termination for Good 
Reason, (ii) termination of the employment relationship due to the 
Employees death or Disability (as discussed at Section 4.c. below), (iii) 
termination by Employer for Cause or (iv) expiration of the Term following 
the provision of a Non-Renewal Notice by Employee. A termination of 
employment by Employee for Good Reason shall mean a termination by 
Employee of his employment with Employer due to (i) the reassignment of 
Employees principal place of employment to a location more than fifty (50) 
miles from 205 Carriage Street, Guin Alabama 35563, or (ii) the failure of 
Employer to obtain the assumption of this Agreement by any successor to 
Employer; provided, however, the Employee shall provide written notice to 
the Board of Directors specifying in reasonable detail the circumstances 
claimed to provide the basis for such termination, and the Board of 
Directors shall fail to correct the circumstances set forth in Employees 
notice of termination within 20 days of receipt of such notice.

All severance payments to be made hereunder, shall be conditioned upon the 
receipt by the Company of an executed general release in favor of the 
Company in the form attached hereto as Annex B.

b. Termination by the Employer for Cause. The Board of Directors may 
terminate the Employees employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) 
upon furnishing written
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
notice to the Employee, provided that if the basis for the Employer so 
terminating Employee is described by clauses (i), (ii), or (iv) below, 
Employee shall have been given prior written notice of any proposed 
termination for Cause, which notice shall specify in reasonable detail the 
circumstances claimed to provide the basis for such termination, and 
Employee shall not have corrected such circumstances, in a manner 
reasonably satisfactory to the Board of Directors, within thirty days of 
receipt of such written notice (the Cure Period); provided, however, 
during such Cure Period, the Employee shall have the right to appear before 
the Board of Directors to answer and contest the charges set forth in the 
notice, provided, further, the Employee shall have right to have his 
counsel attend such hearing and participate in arguments to the Board of 
Directors. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean a reasonable 
determination by the Board of Directors of any of the following:

(i) The Employees misconduct or negligence;

(ii) The Employees disregard of his obligations hereunder or of any other 
written duties reasonably assigned to him by the Board of Directors or an 
officer of DVC;

(iii) The Employees commission of any act involving fraud or moral 
turpitude;

(iv) A determination that the Employee has demonstrated a dependence upon 
any addictive substance, including alcohol, controlled substances, 
narcotics or barbiturates: or

(v) The Employees breach of this Agreement, including, but not limited to 
the confidentiality, non-solicitation or non-compete provisions of Section 
5 of this Agreement.

Except for any Fixed Compensation and benefits accrued, vested and unpaid 
as of the date of any such termination under this Section 4.b., Employer 
shall be under no further obligation hereunder, including, but not limited 
to Severance Payments, and the Employee shall not be entitled to receive 
any other payments or benefits under this Agreement.

c. Death or Disability. The Employees employment hereunder shall 
automatically terminate in the event of the Employees death or Disability 
(as such term is defined in Section 6.a. below). In the case of death, 
except for any Fixed Compensation and benefits accrued, vested and unpaid 
as of the date of any such termination under this Section 4.c., Employer 
shall be under no further obligation to the Employee or to his or her heirs 
or personal representatives, and the Employee or his or her heirs or 
personal representatives shall not be entitled to receive any other 
payments or benefits under this Agreement, including, but not limited to 
Severance Payments. In the case of Disability, except for any Fixed 
Compensation and benefits accrued, vested and unpaid as of the date of any 
such termination under this Section 4.c., Employer shall be under no 
further obligation to the Employee or to his or her heirs or personal 
representatives, and the Employee or his or her heirs or personal 
representatives shall not be entitled to receive any other payments or 
benefits under this Agreement, including, but not limited to Severance 
Payments; provided, however, the Employee shall be entitled to continue to 
receive payments and/ or benefits provided hereunder for ninety (90) days 
from the date of Disability.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Non-Disclosure; Prohibited Activities.

a. Return of Company Property. Upon the termination of employment, the 
Employee promptly will supply to Employer all property (including all 
files, Customer lists, etc.) that has been produced or received by the 
Employee during his or her employment with Employer, whether or not related 
to the Confidential Information. The term Confidential Information means 
all information disclosed or made available to Employee or otherwise known 
by Employee as a consequence of or through Employees employment with 
Employer about Employers business, products, processes, facilities and 
services, including, but not limited to, home designs, products and 
services under development, forecasts, sales, pricing and pricing 
strategies, sources and amount of supply, customer lists, customer 
requirements and contract terms, business methods or practices, business 
plans, financial information and related information and documentation. 
Confidential Information does not include any information generally 
available to the public through reasonable sources of inquiry including 
publications, internet or social media (other than as a result of 
Employees breach of his obligations under this Agreement).

b. Non-compete. Employee agrees and covenants that Employee shall not, 
directly or indirectly, anywhere within any state in which Employer 
conducts its business (the Restricted Territory) for a period from the 
date of this Amendment until the later of (i) January 18, 2016 and (ii) one 
year after termination of Employees employment with Employer for any 
reason or the expiration of the Term: (a) form, acquire, finance, assist, 
support, or become associated as an employee, agent, partner, shareholder, 
co-venturer or otherwise, directly or indirectly, with, or engage in, a 
Competitive Business (as defined below); (b) for the purpose of conducting 
or engaging in any Competitive Business, call upon, solicit, advise or 
otherwise do, or attempt to do business with any suppliers, Customers or 
accounts of Employer or take away or interfere or attempt to interfere with 
any customer, trade, business or patronage of Employer; or (c) interfere 
with or attempt to interfere with or hire any officers, employees, 
representatives or agents of Employer, or any of Employers subsidiaries or 
Affiliates, or induce or attempt to induce any of them to leave the employ 
of Employer or any of Employers subsidiaries or Affiliates, or violate the 
terms of their contract with any of them. Employee shall not use or 
disclose, after the date hereof, any proprietary information or know-how of 
Employer in any Competitive Business.

c. Divisibility of Covenant Period. If any covenant contained in this 
Agreement is held to be unreasonable, arbitrary or against public policy, 
such covenant shall be considered divisible both as to time, Customers, 
competitive services and geographical area, such that each month within the 
specified period shall be deemed a separate period of time, each Customer a 
separate customer, each competitive service a separate service and each 
geographical area a separate geographical area, resulting in an intended 
requirement that the longest lesser time and largest lesser customer base, 
service offering and geographical area determined not to be unreasonable, 
arbitrary or against public policy shall remain effective and be 
specifically enforceable against the Employee.

d. Enforcement. The Employee acknowledges that (i) the Confidential 
Information is a valuable asset of Employer and use of such Confidential 
Information would allow the Employee to unfairly compete against Employer, 
(ii) the restrictions contained in this Agreement are reasonable in scope 
and are necessary to protect Employers legitimate interests in protecting 
its business, and (iii) any violation of the restrictions contained in this 
Agreement will cause
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
significant and irreparable harm to Employer for which Employer has no 
adequate remedy at law. The parties agree that damages at law, including, 
but not limited to monetary damages, will be an insufficient remedy to 
Employer and that (in addition to any remedies that are available to 
Company, all of which shall be deemed to be cumulative and retained by 
Company and not waived by the enforcement of any remedy available 
hereunder) Employer shall also be entitled to obtain injunctive relief, 
including but not limited to a temporary restraining order, a temporary or 
preliminary injunction or a permanent injunction, to enforce the provisions 
of this Agreement, as well as an equitable accounting of and constructive 
trust for all profits or other benefits arising out of or related to any 
such violation, all of which shall constitute rights and remedies to which 
Employer may be entitled.

e. Intent of Parties; Survival. The covenants of the Employee contained in 
this Section 5 shall be construed as agreements independent of any other 
provision of Employees employment (including employment under this 
Agreement) and the existence of any claim of the Employee against Employer 
shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by Employer of any 
covenant contained in this section.

6. Miscellaneous Provisions.

a. Definitions.

(i) Affiliate: The term Affiliate when used in this Agreement shall mean 
any other person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, or is 
under common control with, or is controlled by the specified person or 
entity, and if a person, any member of the immediate family of such 
individual. As used in this definition, control (including, with its 
correlative meanings, controlled by and under common control with) 
shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause 
the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of 
securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract, or 
otherwise) and immediate family shall mean any parent, child, grandchild, 
spouse, or sibling.

(ii) Customers: The term Customers when used in this Agreement shall mean 
those persons who, at any time during the Employees course of employment 
with Employer are or were customers, clients, sales agents, or sales 
representatives of Employer, predecessors of Employer, or Affiliates of 
Employer, as well as any clients, sales agents, or sales representatives of 
Employer or Affiliates of Employer, which were identifiable and known to 
the Employee during his employment with Employer.

(iii) Business Competitive with Employer. The term business competitive 
with Employer when used in this Agreement shall mean the manufacture, 
construction, distribution, sale or marketing of manufactured, modular, or 
mobile homes.

(iv) Disability. The term Disability when used in this Agreement means 
that the Employee has been substantially unable to render to Employer 
services of the character contemplated by Section 2 above, by reason of a 
physical or mental illness or other condition, for more than 60 consecutive 
days or for shorter periods aggregating more than 90 days in any period of 
12 consecutive months, and that such inability and its medical causes have 
been certified by an independent physician selected by the Board of 
Directors or its designee.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
b. Notices. All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall 
be considered as properly given or made if hand delivered, sent by 
certified mail, overnight delivery service, facsimile or e-mail and 
addressed to the location set forth in the preamble to this Agreement or to 
such other address as any party may have designated by like notice 
furnished to all other parties hereto. All notices shall be deemed 
effective when deposited in the U.S. mail, received by an overnight carrier 
or other delivery service or, when confirmation of delivery is obtained by 
the sender.

c. Assignment. This Agreement, including, but not limited to the agreements 
contained in Section 5 regarding non competition, confidentiality, 
non-disparagement and non solicitation, shall be assignable by Employer 
without the prior written consent of the Employee. This Agreement shall 
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the successors and assigns of 
Employer, including any successor or assign to all or substantially all of 
the business and/or assets of Employer, whether direct or indirect, by 
purchase, merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or otherwise. This is 
a personal service contract which shall not be assignable by the Employee.

d. Application of Alabama Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement, and the 
application or interpretation thereof, shall be governed exclusively by its 
terms and by the laws of the State of Alabama. Venue for all purposes shall 
be deemed to lie within Jefferson County, Alabama. The parties agree that 
this Agreement is one for performance in Alabama and any other state that 
Employer conducts its business. The parties to this Agreement agree that 
they waive any objection, constitutional, statutory or otherwise, to an 
Alabama courts exercise of jurisdiction over any dispute between them and 
specifically consent to the jurisdiction of the Alabama courts. By entering 
into this Agreement, the parties, and each of them understand that they may 
be called upon to answer a claim asserted in an Alabama court.

e. Legal Fees and Costs. If a legal action is initiated by any party to 
this Agreement against the other party arising out of or relating to the 
alleged performance or non-performance of any right or obligation 
established hereunder, each party shall bear its respective fees, costs and 
expenses.

f. Waiver of Jury Trial. The parties hereby acknowledge that any dispute 
arising out of this Agreement will necessarily include various complicated 
legal and factual issues and therefore knowingly, voluntarily and 
intentionally waive trial by jury in any litigation in any court with 
respect to, in connection with or arising out of this Agreement, or the 
validity, interpretation, or enforcement hereof.

g. Waiver. The waiver by Employer of a breach of this Agreement shall not 
be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by the Employee. The 
refusal or failure of Employer to enforce the restrictive covenants 
contained herein or contained in any other similar agreement against any 
other employee, agent, or independent contractor of Employer, for any 
reason, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement of this Agreement 
by Employer against the Employee, nor shall it give rise to any claim or 
cause of action by such Employee against Employer.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
h. Entire Agreement, Amendment: This Employment Agreement, and any other 
document referenced herein, constitute the entire understanding of the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and no amendment, 
modification or alteration of the terms hereof shall be binding unless the 
same be in writing, dated subsequent to the date hereof and duly approved 
and executed by each of the parties hereto and approved by the Board of 
Directors.

i. Acknowledgments: The Employee acknowledges that he has been provided 
with a copy of this Agreement for review prior to signing it, that Employer 
has encouraged the Employee to have this Agreement reviewed by his attorney 
prior to signing it and that the Employee understands the purposes and 
effects of this Agreement.
 
CO-EMPLOYERS
DEER VALLEY HOMEBUILDERS, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Charles L. Murphree, Jr.
Name: 	  	
Charles L Murphree, Jr.
Its: 	  	
General Manager/Vice-President
 
DEER VALLEY CORPORATION
By: 	  	
/s/ Charles G. Masters
Name: 	  	
Charles G. Masters
Its: 	  	
President & Chief Executive Officer
 
EMPLOYEE
/s/ John S. Lawler
(Print name) 	  	
John S. Lawler
(Street Address) 	  	
Hamilton, AL 35570
 
 
8