 EX-10.2 8 d812282dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

AMENDMENT TO
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement (Amendment) is effective 
as of the 1st day of April, 2011, by and between BUSINESS FIRST BANK, a 
Louisiana state bank (the Bank), and David R. Melville, III, an 
individual resident of the State of Louisiana (Executive) (the 
signatories to this Amendment will be referred to jointly as the Parties
).

WHEREAS, the Bank and Executive entered into that certain Executive 
Employment Agreement dated as of August 6, 2009 (Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the Parties now desire to amend the Agreement to modify the 
position and compensation of Executive.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements set forth herein 
and in the Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties 
hereby agree as follows:
 
1. 	The first recital of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety.
 
2. 	Paragraph 1 of the Agreement is hereby amended and shall read in full 
as follows:

1. Employment. The Bank hereby agrees to employ Executive as the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Bank, and Executive hereby accepts employment, on 
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Executive also serves 
as the Chief Executive Officer of Business First Bancshares, Inc. (the 
Company), the parent company of the Bank.
 
3. 	Paragraph 3 of the Agreement is hereby amended and shall read in full 
as follows:

3. Position and Duties. During the Employment Period, Executive will 
report directly to the Board of Directors of the Bank (the Board). 
Executive shall perform all services reasonably required by the Board of 
Directors of the Bank in conformity with the appropriate standards of the 
banking industry to fully execute the duties and responsibilities 
associated with his positions. Executive will devote substantially all of 
his working time, attention and energies to the performance of his duties 
for the Bank. Notwithstanding the above, Executive will be permitted, to 
the extent such activities do not interfere with the performance by 
Executive of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, to (i) 
manage Executives personal, financial and legal affairs, and (ii) serve on 
civic or charitable boards or committees.
 
4. 	Paragraph 5(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended and shall read in 
full as follows:

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the Bank will pay Executive 
a base salary of $274,500 per year (Base Salary), in approximate equal 
installments in accordance with the Banks customary payroll practices. 
Executives Base Salary may

------------------------------------------------------------------------
be adjusted periodically, and is subject to annual review by the Board or 
the Compensation Committee of the Board. In the event Executives Base 
Salary is adjusted, the adjusted amount will then constitute the Base 
Salary for all purposes of this Agreement.
 
5. 	Paragraph 6(d) is hereby amended as follows:

(i) the assignment to Executive of any duties materially inconsistent with 
Executives status as Chief Executive Officer of the Bank or a material and 
adverse alteration in the nature of Executives authority, duties or 
responsibilities, but any amendment to the Agreement agreed to by the 
parties hereto shall not constitute Good Reason for purposes of this 
Agreement.

(ii) deleted.

Executed as of the     day of May, 2011.
 
EXECUTIVE 	  	 	  	BUSINESS FIRST BANK 	   	
 
  	 	  	
 
   	
David R. Melville, III 	  	 	  	Chairman of the Board 	   	
 
- 2 -