 EX-10.2 3 a2222115zex-10_2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
AMENDMENT NO. 2
 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this Agreement) dated as of September 24, 2014 by and 
among ARES HOLDINGS L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (as successor by 
conversion to Ares Holdings LLC) (Ares Holdings), ARES DOMESTIC HOLDINGS 
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Ares Domestic Holdings), ARES 
INVESTMENTS L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (as successor by 
conversion to Ares Investments LLC) (Ares Investments), ARES REAL ESTATE 
HOLDINGS L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Ares Real Estate, together 
with Ares Holdings, Ares Domestic Holdings, Ares Investments and any other 
Person that thereafter become borrowers under the Credit Agreement by 
joinder, are referred to hereinafter individually and collectively, jointly 
and severally, as the Borrower), the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders 
identified on the signature pages hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as 
Agent.
 
The Borrower and the Lenders party hereto wish now to amend that certain 
Sixth Amended and Restated Senior Credit Agreement, dated as of April 21, 
2014 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to 
time, the Credit Agreement) as follows:
 
Section 1.  Definitions.  Except as otherwise defined in this Agreement, 
terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as defined therein.  
This Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the 
Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
Section 2.  Amendments.  Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent specified in Section 4 below, but effective as of the date 
hereof, the Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows:
 
2.01.  References Generally.  References in the Credit Agreement (including 
references to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby) to this Agreement 
(and indirect references such as hereunder, hereby, herein and 
hereof) shall be deemed to be references to the Credit Agreement as 
amended hereby.
 
2.02.       Amendment to Section 4.16.  Section 4.16 of the Credit 
Agreement shall by amended by deleting the provision in its entirety and 
replacing it with the phrase:  [Intentionally Omitted].
 
2.03.       Amendment to Section 6.14(ii).  Clause (ii) of Section 6.14 of 
the Credit Agreement shall be amended by deleting the provision in its 
entirety and replacing it with the following:
 
    (ii)           clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to (x)
    customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the
    assignment thereof or the property subject thereto, (y) customary
    provisions of any Purchase Money Debt, provided that such provisions
    apply only to the property or assets being acquired with such Purchase
    Money Debt, or (z) customary provisions in agreements governing Debt
    incurred under Section 6.1(b).
     
Section 3.  Representations and Warranties.  Each Borrower, individually as 
to itself only, represents and warrants to the Lenders and the 
Administrative Agent, that this Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by such Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, 
except as such enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general applicability 
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (b) the application of 
general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is 
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 4.  Conditions Precedent.  The amendments set forth in Section 2 
hereof shall become effective, as of the date hereof, upon satisfaction of 
the following conditions:
 
    (a)           Execution.  The Administrative Agent shall have received
    counterparts of this Agreement executed by the Borrower and the Lenders
    constituting the Required Lenders under the Credit Agreement.
     
Section 5.  Miscellaneous.  Except as herein provided, the Credit Agreement 
shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.  Except as herein 
provided, this Agreement shall not operate as an amendment or waiver of any 
right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any 
of the Loan Documents.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same 
amendatory instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this 
Agreement by signing any such counterpart.  Delivery of a counterpart by 
electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually 
executed counterpart hereof.  This Agreement and any right, remedy, 
obligation, claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in 
contract, tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law 
of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles that 
would lead to the application of laws other than the law of the State of 
New York.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.
 
  
 ARES HOLDINGS L.P.,
  
 a Delaware limited partnership
  
  
  
 By: ARES HOLDINGS INC., its General Partner
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Naseem Sagati
  
 Name:
 Naseem Sagati
  
 Title:
 Authorized Signatory
  
  
  
 ARES INVESTMENTS L.P.,
  
 a Delaware limited partnership
  
  
  
 By: ARES MANAGEMENT, L.P., its General Partner
  
  
  
  
 By: ARES MANAGEMENT GP LLC, its General Partner
  
  
  
 By:
 s/ Naseem Sagati
  
 Name:
 Naseem Sagati
  
 Title:
 Authorized Signatory
  
  
  
 ARES DOMESTIC HOLDINGS L.P.,
  
 a Delaware limited partnership
  
  
  
 By: ARES DOMESTIC HOLDINGS INC., its general partner
  
  
  
 By:
 s/ Naseem Sagati
  
 Name:
 Naseem Sagati
  
 Title:
 Authorized Signatory
  
  
  
 ARES REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS L.P.,
  
 a Delaware limited partnership
  
  
  
 By: ARES REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS LLC, its general partner
  
  
  
 By:
 s/ Naseem Sagati
  
 Name:
 Naseem Sagati
  
 Title:
 Authorized Signatory
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
  
 as Agent
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Lauren Gubkin
  
 Name:
 Lauren Gubkin
  
 Title:
 Vice President
  
  
  
  
  
 U.S. Bank National Association,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Robert C. Mayer, Jr.
  
 Name:
 Robert C. Mayer, Jr.
  
 Title:
 Vice President
  
  
  
  
  
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Luke Harbinson
  
 Name:
 Luke Harbinson
  
 Title:
 Vice President
  
  
  
  
  
 City National Bank,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Brandon L. Feitelson
  
 Name:
 Brandon L. Feitelson
  
 Title:
 Senior Vice President
  
  
  
  
  
 Citibank, N.A.,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Eros Marshall
  
 Name:
 Eros Marshall
  
 Title:
 Vice President
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  
 Royal Bank of Canada,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Greg DeRise
  
 Name:
 Greg DeRise
  
 Title:
 Authorized Signatory
  
  
  
  
  
 SunTrust Bank,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Doug Kennedy
  
 Name:
 Doug Kennedy
  
 Title:
 Vice President
  
  
  
  
  
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Harry Comninellis
  
 Name:
 Harry Comninellis
  
 Title:
 Authorized Signatory
  
  
  
  
  
 Barclays Bank PLC,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Alicia Borys
  
 Name:
 Alicia Borys
  
 Title:
 Vice President
  
  
  
  
  
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Kirk Tashjian
  
 Name:
 Kirk Tashjian
  
 Title:
 Vice President
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Michael Winters
  
 Name:
 Michael Winters
  
 Title:
 Vice President
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  
 Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Doreen Barr
  
 Name:
 Doreen Barr
  
 Title:
 Authorized Signatory
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Michael Spaight
  
 Name:
 Michael Spaight
  
 Title:
 Authorized Signatory
  
  
  
  
  
 Bank of America, N.A.,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Dominic Malleo
  
 Name:
 Dominic Malleo
  
 Title:
 Director
  
  
  
  
  
 The Bank of New York Mellon,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Jean Earley
  
 Name:
 Jean Early
  
 Title:
 Vice President
  
  
  
  
  
 Goldman Sachs Bank USA,
  
 as a Lender
  
  
  
  
  
 By:
 /s/ Michelle Latzoni
  
 Name:
 Michelle Latzoni
  
 Title:
 Authorized Signatory
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

