 EX-10.1 2 a14-24324_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Employment Agreement (Agreement) is made as of the 6th day of 
November, 2014, between Aastrom Biosciences, Inc., a Michigan corporation 
(the Company), and Gerard Michel (the Executive).
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ the Executive and the 
Executive desires to continue to be employed by the Company on the terms 
contained herein.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
 
1.             Position and Duties.  The Executive shall serve as Chief 
Financial Officer and VP Corporate Development, and shall have such other 
powers and duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO) or other authorized executive, 
provided that such duties are consistent with the Executives position or 
other positions that he may hold from time to time.  The Executive shall 
devote his full working time and efforts to the business and affairs of the 
Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may engage in 
religious, charitable or other community activities as long as such 
services and activities are disclosed to the Company and do not materially 
interfere with the Executives performance of his duties to the Company as 
provided in this Agreement.  The first day of Executives employment with 
the Company was June 2, 2014 and shall be referred to herein as the Start 
Date.
 
2.             Compensation and Related Matters.
 
      (a)           Base Salary.  The Executives annual base salary rate
      shall be $350,000.  The Executives base salary shall be reviewed
      annually by the Company. The base salary in effect at any given time
      is referred to herein as Base Salary.  The Base Salary shall be
      payable in a manner that is consistent with the Companys usual
      payroll practices for senior employees.
       
      (b)           Incentive Compensation.  The Executive shall be
      eligible to receive cash incentive compensation as determined by the
      Company from time to time.  The Executives target annual incentive
      compensation shall be forty percent (40%) of his Base Salary with the
      actual amount to be determined by the Company in its discretion.  To
      be eligible for an incentive compensation payment, the Executive must
      be employed by the Company on the day such incentive compensation is
      paid.
       
      (c)           Options.  In connection with the commencement of
      Executives employment, the Company granted Executive 45,000 options
      to purchase shares of the Companys common stock at an exercise price
      equal to the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the
      effective date of grant. Such options
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      are subject to the terms and conditions of the Companys 2009 Stock
      Option Plan, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, and
      the associated stock option agreement (collectively with any such
      other similar equity plan and form of stock option agreement, in each
      case duly adopted by the Company, the Equity Documents).  Subject
      to approval by the Companys Board of Directors, the Company may
      grant Executive additional options or other equity grants in its
      discretion.  All equity grants shall be governed by the Equity
      Documents.
       
      (d)           Commuting Expenses.  The Company will reimburse
      Executive for reasonable travel and lodging expenses incurred in
      connection with Executives commute to Boston during the period
      starting on the State Date and ending on earlier of:  (i) fifteen
      (15) months from the Start Date; or (ii) the date Executive relocates
      to the Boston area, provided in no event shall such travel and
      lodging expenses exceed $30,000 of actual expenses.
       
      (e)           Relocation Reimbursement.  Executive agrees to relocate
      to the Boston area within 15 months of the Start Date.  Upon
      Executives relocation to the Boston area during this period (the
      Relocation Date), he will be eligible for reimbursement of
      relocation expenses including temporary housing, moving expenses,
      closing costs associated with selling Executives current home and
      purchasing a new residence in the Boston area and other reasonable
      move-related items (collectively Relocation Expenses) in accordance
      with the Companys expense reimbursement policy, including provisions
      relating maximum amounts and appropriate supporting documentation
      (i.e., itemized receipts).  If Executive resigns other than for Good
      Reason (defined below) or is terminated by the Company for Cause
      (defined below) at any time prior to the one year anniversary of the
      Relocation Date, Executive must repay all relocation expenses to the
      Company within ten (10) days of the Date of Termination (defined
      below) (the Relocation Reimbursement).
       
      (f)            Tax Reporting.  The Company will determine in its
      reasonable, good faith judgment what, if any, of Executives
      reimbursed travel and lodging and relocation expenses are for
      nondeductible expenses in accordance with applicable law and will
      comply with associated withholding and tax reporting obligations.
       
      (g)           Business Expenses.  The Executive shall be entitled to
      receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable business expenses
      incurred by him in performing services hereunder, in accordance with
      the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the
      Company for its senior executive officers.
       
      (h)           Other Benefits.  The Executive shall be entitled to
      continue to participate in or receive benefits under all of the
      Companys employee benefit plans and programs, as may be in effect
      from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans
      and programs.
       
      (i)            Paid Time Off.  The Executive shall be entitled to
      accrue up to twenty-five (25) days of paid time off in each year,
      which shall be accrued ratably at
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      the rate of 16.67 hours per month.  The Executive shall also be
      entitled to all paid holidays given by the Company to its executives.
       
3.             Termination.  The Executives employment hereunder may be 
terminated without any breach of this Agreement under the following 
circumstances:
 
      (a)           Death.  The Executives employment hereunder shall
      terminate upon his death.
       
      (b)           Disability.  The Company may terminate the Executives
      employment if he is disabled and unable to perform the essential
      functions of the Executives then existing position or positions
      under this Agreement with or without reasonable accommodation for a
      period of 180 days (which need not be consecutive) in any 12-month
      period.  If any question shall arise as to whether during any period
      the Executive is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential
      functions of the Executives then existing position or positions with
      or without reasonable accommodation, the Executive may, and at the
      request of the Company shall, submit to the Company a certification
      in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Company to whom
      the Executive or the Executives guardian has no reasonable objection
      as to whether the Executive is so disabled or how long such
      disability is expected to continue, and such certification shall for
      the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue.  The
      Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the
      physician in connection with such certification.  If such question
      shall arise and the Executive shall fail to submit such
      certification, the Companys determination of such issue shall be
      binding on the Executive.  Nothing in this Section 3(b) shall be
      construed to waive the Executives rights, if any, under existing
      laws including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act
      of 1993, 29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq. and the Americans with Disabilities
      Act, 42 U.S.C. §12101 et seq.
       
      (c)           Termination by Company for Cause.  The Company may
      terminate the Executives employment hereunder for Cause. For
      purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean: (i) conduct by the
      Executive constituting a material act of misconduct in connection
      with the performance of his duties, including, without limitation,
      misappropriation of funds or property of the Company or any of its
      subsidiaries or affiliates other than the occasional, customary and
      de minimis use of Company property for personal purposes; (ii) the
      commission by the Executive of any felony or a misdemeanor involving
      moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud, or any conduct by the
      Executive that would reasonably be expected to result in material
      injury or reputational harm to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
      and affiliates if he were retained in his position; (iii) continued
      unsatisfactory performance or non-performance by the Executive of his
      duties hereunder (other than by reason of the Executives physical or
      mental illness, incapacity or disability) which has continued for
      more than 15 days following written notice from the CEO of such
      unsatisfactory performance or such non-performance; (iv) a breach by
      the Executive of any of the provisions contained in Section 6 of this
      Agreement; (v) a material violation by the Executive of the Companys
      written employment policies, or (vi) failure to cooperate with a bona
      fide internal investigation or an investigation by
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      regulatory or law enforcement authorities, after being instructed by
      the Company to cooperate, or the willful destruction or failure to
      preserve documents or other materials known to be relevant to such
      investigation or the inducement of others to fail to cooperate or to
      produce documents or other materials in connection with such
      investigation.
       
      (d)           Termination Without Cause.  The Company may terminate
      the Executives employment hereunder at any time without Cause.  Any
      termination by the Company of the Executives employment under this
      Agreement which does not constitute a termination for Cause under
      Section 3(c) and does not result from the death or disability of the
      Executive under Section 3(a) or (b) shall be deemed a termination
      without Cause.
       
      (e)           Termination by the Executive.  The Executive may
      terminate his employment hereunder at any time for any reason,
      including but not limited to Good Reason. For purposes of this
      Agreement, Good Reason shall mean that the Executive has complied
      with the Good Reason Process (hereinafter defined) following the
      occurrence of any of the following events: (i) a material diminution
      in the Executives responsibilities, authority or duties; (ii) a
      material diminution in the Executives Base Salary except for
      across-the-board salary reductions based on the Companys financial
      performance similarly affecting all or substantially all senior
      management employees of the Company; or (iii) the material breach of
      this Agreement by the Company.  Good Reason Process shall mean that
      (i) the Executive reasonably determines in good faith that a Good
      Reason condition has occurred; (ii) the Executive notifies the
      Company in writing of the first occurrence of the Good Reason
      condition within 15 days of the first occurrence of such condition;
      (iii) the Executive cooperates in good faith with the Companys
      efforts, for a period not less than 15 days following such notice
      (the Cure Period), to remedy the condition; (iv) notwithstanding
      such efforts, the Good Reason condition continues to exist; and (v)
      the Executive terminates his employment within 15 days after the end
      of the Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason condition
      during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have
      occurred.
       
      (f)            Notice of Termination.  Except for termination as
      specified in Section 3(a), any termination of the Executives
      employment by the Company or any such termination by the Executive
      shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other
      party hereto.  For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of
      Termination shall mean a notice which shall indicate the specific
      termination provision in this Agreement relied upon.
       
      (g)           Date of Termination.  Date of Termination shall mean:
      (i) if the Executives employment is terminated by his death, the
      date of his death; (ii) if the Executives employment is terminated
      on account of disability under Section 3(b) or by the Company for
      Cause under Section 3(c), the date on which Notice of Termination is
      given; (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated by the
      Company without Cause under Section 3(d), on the date on which a
      Notice of Termination is given; (iv) if the Executives employment is
      terminated by the
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      Executive under Section 3(e) without Good Reason, 30 days on the date
      on which a Notice of Termination is given, and (v) if the Executives
      employment is terminated by the Executive under Section 3(e) with
      Good Reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given after
      the end of the Cure Period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
      event that the Executive gives a Notice of Termination to the
      Company, the Company may unilaterally accelerate the Date of
      Termination and such acceleration shall not result in a termination
      by the Company for purposes of this Agreement.
       
4.             Compensation Upon Termination.
 
(a)           Termination Generally.  If the Executives employment with 
the Company is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide 
to the Executive (or to his authorized representative or estate) any earned 
but unpaid base salary, incentive compensation earned but not yet paid, 
unpaid expense reimbursements, accrued but unused paid-time-off and any 
vested benefits the Executive may have under any employee benefit plan of 
the Company (the Accrued Benefit) on or before the time required by law 
but in no event more than 30 days after the Executives Date of 
Termination.
 
(b)           Termination by the Company Without Cause or by the Executive 
with Good Reason.  If the Executives employment is terminated by the 
Company without Cause as provided in Section 3(d), or the Executive 
terminates his employment for Good Reason as provided in Section 3(e), then 
the Company shall, through the Date of Termination, pay the Executive his 
Accrued Benefit. In addition:
 
        (i)            subject to the Executive signing a separation
        agreement including a general release of claims in favor of the
        Company and related persons and entities in a form and manner
        satisfactory to the Company (the Release) within the time period
        set forth in the Release, the Company shall pay the Executive an
        amount equal to nine (9) months of the Executives Base Salary (the
        Severance Amount).  The Severance Amount shall be paid out in
        substantially equal installments in accordance with the Companys
        payroll practice over nine (9) months, beginning on the first
        payroll date that occurs 30 days after the Date of Termination. 
        Solely for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of
        1986, as amended (the Code), each installment payment is
        considered a separate payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
        the Executive breaches any of the provisions contained in Section 6
        of this Agreement, all payments of the Severance Amount shall
        immediately cease; and
         
        (ii)           subject to the Executives copayment of premium
        amounts at the active employees rate, the Executive may continue
        to participate in the Companys group health, dental and vision
        program for nine (9) months; provided, however, that the
        continuation of health benefits under this Section shall only apply
        if Executive elects and remains eligible under the Consolidated
        Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA).
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
5.             Section 409A.
 
      (a)           Anything in this Agreement to the contrary
      notwithstanding, if at the time of the Executives separation from
      service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Company
      determines that the Executive is a specified employee within the
      meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent
      any payment or benefit that the Executive becomes entitled to under
      this Agreement on account of the Executives separation from service
      would be considered deferred compensation subject to the 20 percent
      additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A(a) of the Code as a
      result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code,
      such payment shall not be payable and such benefit shall not be
      provided until the date that is the earlier of (A) six months and one
      day after the Executives separation from service, or (B) the
      Executives death.  If any such delayed cash payment is otherwise
      payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a
      catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid
      during the six-month period but for the application of this
      provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in
      accordance with their original schedule.
       
      (b)           All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for
      reimbursement under this Agreement shall be provided by the Company
      or incurred by the Executive during the time periods set forth in
      this Agreement.  All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as
      administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement
      be paid after the last day of the taxable year following the taxable
      year in which the expense was incurred.  The amount of in-kind
      benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable
      year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the
      expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year.  Such
      right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to
      liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
       
      (c)           To the extent that any payment or benefit described in
      this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation
      under Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent that such payment
      or benefit is payable upon the Executives termination of employment,
      then such payments or benefits shall be payable only upon the
      Executives separation from service.  The determination of whether
      and when a separation from service has occurred shall be made in
      accordance with the presumptions set forth in Treasury Regulation
      Section 1.409A-1(h).
       
      (d)           The parties intend that this Agreement will be
      administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.  To the
      extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its
      compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read
      in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section
      409A of the Code.  The parties agree that this Agreement may be
      amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be
      necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all
      related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and
      benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      (e)           The Company makes no representation or warranty and
      shall have no liability to the Executive or any other person if any
      provisions of this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred
      compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy
      an exemption from, or the conditions of, such Section.
       
6.             Confidential Information, Noncompetition and Cooperation.
 
      (a)           Confidential Information.  As used in this Agreement,
      Confidential Information means information belonging to the Company
      which is of value to the Company in the course of conducting its
      business and the disclosure of which could result in a competitive or
      other disadvantage to the Company. Confidential Information includes,
      without limitation, financial information, reports, and forecasts;
      inventions, improvements and other intellectual property; trade
      secrets; know-how; designs, processes or formulae; software; market
      or sales information or plans; customer lists; and business plans,
      prospects and opportunities (such as possible acquisitions or
      dispositions of businesses or facilities) which have been discussed
      or considered by the management of the Company.  Confidential
      Information includes information developed by the Executive in the
      course of the Executives employment by the Company, as well as other
      information to which the Executive may have access in connection with
      the Executives employment.  Confidential Information also includes
      the confidential information of others with which the Company has a
      business relationship.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential
      Information does not include information in the public domain, unless
      due to breach of the Executives duties under Section 6(b).
       
      (b)           Confidentiality.  The Executive understands and agrees
      that the Executives employment creates a relationship of confidence
      and trust between the Executive and the Company with respect to all
      Confidential Information.  At all times, both during the Executives
      employment with the Company and after its termination, the Executive
      will keep in confidence and trust all such Confidential Information,
      and will not use or disclose any such Confidential Information
      without the written consent of the Company, except as may be
      necessary in the ordinary course of performing the Executives duties
      to the Company.
       
      (c)           Documents, Records, etc.  All documents, records, data,
      apparatus, equipment and other physical property, whether or not
      pertaining to Confidential Information, which are furnished to the
      Executive by the Company or are produced by the Executive in
      connection with the Executives employment will be and remain the
      sole property of the Company.  The Executive will return to the
      Company all such materials and property as and when requested by the
      Company.  In any event, the Executive will return all such materials
      and property immediately upon termination of the Executives
      employment for any reason.  The Executive will not retain with the
      Executive any such material or property or any copies thereof after
      such termination.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      (d)           Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation.  During the
      Executives employment with the Company and for twelve (12) months
      thereafter, regardless of the reason for the ending of Executives
      employment, the Executive (i) will not, directly or indirectly,
      whether as owner, partner, shareholder, consultant, agent, employee,
      co-venturer or otherwise, engage, participate, assist or invest in
      any Competing Business (as hereinafter defined); (ii) will refrain
      from directly or indirectly employing, attempting to employ,
      recruiting or otherwise soliciting, inducing or influencing any
      person to leave employment with the Company (other than terminations
      of employment of subordinate employees undertaken in the course of
      the Executives employment with the Company); and (iii) will refrain
      from soliciting or encouraging any customer or supplier to terminate
      or otherwise modify adversely its business relationship with the
      Company.  The Executive understands that the restrictions set forth
      in this Section 6(d) are intended to protect the Companys interest
      in its Confidential Information and established employee, customer
      and supplier relationships and goodwill, and agrees that such
      restrictions are reasonable and appropriate for this purpose.  For
      purposes of this Agreement, the term Competing Business shall mean
      an autologous or allogeneic cell therapy technology business focused
      on the development of therapies for the treatment of severe, chronic
      cardiovascular diseases conducted anywhere in the world which is
      competitive with the business which the Company or any of its
      affiliates at any time during the employment of the Executive. 
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may own up to one
      percent (1%) of the outstanding stock of a publicly held corporation
      which constitutes or is affiliated with a Competing Business.
       
      (e)           Third-Party Agreements and Rights.  The Executive
      hereby confirms that the Executive is not bound by the terms of any
      agreement with any previous employer or other party which restricts
      in any way the Executives use or disclosure of information or the
      Executives engagement in any business.  The Executive represents to
      the Company that the Executives execution of this Agreement, the
      Executives employment with the Company and the performance of the
      Executives proposed duties for the Company will not violate any
      obligations the Executive may have to any such previous employer or
      other party.  In the Executives work for the Company, the Executive
      will not disclose or make use of any information in violation of any
      agreements with or rights of any such previous employer or other
      party, and the Executive will not bring to the premises of the
      Company any copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public
      information belonging to or obtained from any such previous
      employment or other party.
       
      (f)            Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation.  During and
      after the Executives employment, the Executive shall cooperate fully
      with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims or
      actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future
      against or on behalf of the Company which relate to events or
      occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the
      Company. The Executives full cooperation in connection with such
      claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being
      available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and
      to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient
      times. During and after the Executives employment, the Executive
      also shall cooperate
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      fully with the Company in connection with any investigation or review
      of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such
      investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that
      transpired while the Executive was employed by the Company. The
      Company shall reimburse the Executive for any reasonable
      out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Executives
      performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 6(f).
       
      (g)           Injunction.  The Executive agrees that it would be
      difficult to measure any damages caused to the Company which might
      result from any breach by the Executive of the promises set forth in
      this Section 6, and that in any event money damages would be an
      inadequate remedy for any such breach.  Accordingly, subject to
      Section 7 of this Agreement, the Executive agrees that if the
      Executive breaches, or proposes to breach, any portion of this
      Agreement, the Company shall be entitled, in addition to all other
      remedies that it may have, to an injunction or other appropriate
      equitable relief to restrain any such breach without showing or
      proving any actual damage to the Company.
       
7.             Arbitration of Disputes.  Any controversy or claim arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof or otherwise 
arising out of the Executives employment or the termination of that 
employment (including, without limitation, any claims of unlawful 
employment discrimination whether based on age or otherwise) shall, to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and 
form agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of such an agreement, 
under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) in 
Detroit, Michigan in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution 
Rules of the AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures 
applicable to the selection of arbitrators. In the event that any person or 
entity other than the Executive or the Company may be a party with regard 
to any such controversy or claim, such controversy or claim shall be 
submitted to arbitration subject to such other person or entitys 
agreement. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be 
entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  This Section 7 shall be 
specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 7 
shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole 
purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary 
injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate; provided 
that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding 
pursuant to this Section 7.
 
8.             Consent to Jurisdiction.  To the extent that any court 
action is permitted consistent with or to enforce Section 7 of this 
Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the Superior 
Court of the State of Michigan and the United States District Court for the 
District of Michigan. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, 
the Executive (a) submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) 
consents to service of process; and (c) waives any other requirement 
(whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to 
personal jurisdiction or service of process.
 
9.             Integration.  This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes all prior agreements between the parties concerning such subject 
matter, including without limitation the May 13, 2014 offer letter 
provided the Employee Proprietary Information Nondisclosure and Assignment 
of Intellectual
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Property Agreement you entered into on June 3, 2014, the Acknowledgment 
regarding the Statement of Company Policy on Insider Trading and Disclosure 
dated June 3, 2014, the Acknowledgment of the Statement of Company Policy 
on the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics dated June 3, 2014 and the 
Companys Colleague Handbook Acknowledgment dated June 3, 2014 all remain 
in full force and effect.
 
10.          Withholding.  All payments made by the Company to the 
Executive under this Agreement shall be net of any tax or other amounts 
required to be withheld by the Company under applicable law.
 
11.          Successor to the Executive.  This Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by the Executives personal representatives, 
executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. In 
the event of the Executives death after his termination of employment but 
prior to the completion by the Company of all payments due him under this 
Agreement, the Company shall continue such payments to the Executives 
beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to his death (or to 
his estate, if the Executive fails to make such designation).
 
12.          Enforceability.  If any portion or provision of this Agreement 
(including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of 
this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by 
a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or 
the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than 
those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be 
affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be 
valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
 
13.          Survival.  The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement and/or the termination of the Executives 
employment to the extent necessary to effectuate the terms contained 
herein.
 
14.          Waiver.  No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective 
unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party.  The failure of any 
party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this 
Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement, 
shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or 
be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach.
 
15.          Notices.  Any notices, requests, demands and other 
communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in 
writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized 
overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage 
prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Executive at the last address the 
Executive has filed in writing with the Company or, in the case of the 
Company, at its main offices, attention of the Board.
 
16.          Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended or modified only by 
a written instrument signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized 
representative of the Company.
 
17.          Governing Law.  This is a Michigan contract and shall be 
construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of 
Michigan, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of such 
State.  With respect to any disputes concerning federal law, such
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
disputes shall be determined in accordance with the law as it would be 
interpreted and applied by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth 
Circuit.
 
18.          Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken 
to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and 
the same document.
 
19.          Successor to Company.  The Company shall require any successor 
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or 
otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the 
Company expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement to the same 
extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no succession 
had taken place.  Failure of the Company to obtain an assumption of this 
Agreement at or prior to the effectiveness of any succession shall be a 
material breach of this Agreement.
 
20.          Gender Neutral.  Wherever used herein, a pronoun in the 
masculine gender shall be considered as including the feminine gender 
unless the context clearly indicates otherwise.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective on 
the date and year first above written.
 
 
AASTROM BIOSCIENCES, INC.
 
 
 
/s/ Dominick C. Colangelo
 
By: Dominick Colangelo
 
Its: CEO and President
 
 
 
EXECUTIVE
 
 
 
/s/ Gerard Michel
 
Gerard Michel
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 