 EX-10.4 5 filename5.htm
 
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of May 16, 
2013 (the “Effective Date”), is by and among DvineWave Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), and the investors listed on the Schedule of 
Buyers, attached hereto as Exhibit A (individually, a “Buyer” and 
collectively, the “Buyers”).
 
RECITALS
 
A.           The Company and each Buyer is executing and delivering this 
Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration 
afforded by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “
1933 Act”), and Rule 506 of Regulation D (“Regulation D”) as promulgated by 
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) under the 
1933 Act.
 
B.           The Company has authorized the issuance of senior secured 
convertible notes in the aggregate original principal amount of up to 
$5,500,000, subject to further increase in the discretion of the Company, 
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the “Notes”), which Notes shall 
be convertible into shares of Common Stock (as defined in the Notes) (as 
converted, collectively, the “Conversion Shares”), in accordance with the 
terms of the Notes.
 
C.           Each Buyer wishes to purchase, and the Company wishes to sell, 
upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, the aggregate 
original principal amount of the Notes set forth opposite such Buyer’s name 
in column (3) on the Schedule of Buyers.
 
D.           At the Closing, the parties hereto shall execute and deliver a 
Registration Rights Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C 
(the “Registration Rights Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company has 
agreed to provide certain registration rights with respect to the 
Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), 
under the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, 
and applicable state securities laws.
 
E.           In connection with the Offering, the Company, together with 
MDB Capital Group LLC, as the placement agent, (the “Placement Agent”) have 
entered into an escrow agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D 
(the “Escrow Agreement”), with U.S. Bank National Association (the (“
Escrow Agent”), to hold the Purchase Price (as hereinafter defined), to be 
released at the Closing to the Company, upon the written consent of the 
Company and MDB Capital Group.
 
F.           The Notes and the Conversion Shares are collectively referred 
to herein as the “Securities.”
 
G.           The Notes will be secured by a first priority perfected 
security interest in all the assets of the Company as evidenced by a 
security agreement as the Buyers shall require in form and substance 
acceptable to each Buyer (the “Security Agreement” attached hereto as 
Exhibit E and together with the other security documents and agreements 
entered into in connection with this Agreement and each of such other 
documents and agreements, as each may be amended or modified from time to 
time, collectively, the “Security Documents”).
 

 

 

 
AGREEMENT
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants 
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each 
Buyer hereby agree as follows:
 
1. 	PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTES AND WARRANTS.
 
(a)          Notes Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the 
conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 below, the Company shall issue and 
sell to each Buyer, and each Buyer severally, but not jointly, shall 
purchase from the Company on the Closing Date (as defined below), a Note in 
the original principal amount as is set forth opposite such Buyer’s name in 
column (3) on the Schedule of Buyers.
 
(b)          Closing. In the discretion of the Company, one or more 
closings (each a “Closing”) of the purchase of the Notes by the Buyers 
shall occur on a Business Day at the offices of Much Shelist, P.C., 191 N. 
Wacker Drive, Suite 1800, Chicago, IL 60606. The date and time of the 
initial Closing (the “Closing Date” of the initial Closing) shall be 10:00 
a.m., New York time on a date selected by the Company after which the 
conditions referenced below have been satisfied or waived. The Company may 
hold additional Closings, from time to time, but not later than 30 days 
after the Closing Date of the initial Closing (the date of any such 
additional Closing, likewise selected by the Company, its respective “
Closing Date”). At the Closing Date of the initial Closing, and at any 
subsequent Closing, the Closing with respect to the subscriptions for the 
Notes then being accepted by the Company will be subject to the 
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 
below, as applicable to the Notes being purchased. The Company shall be 
permitted to amend this Agreement and the Security Documents without the 
consent of any other Party hereto to add Buyers in connection with Closings 
that occur after the initial Closing. As used herein “Business Day” means 
any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial 
banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law to remain 
closed.
 
(c)          Purchase Price; Payment of Purchase Price. The aggregate 
purchase price for the Note to be purchased by each Buyer (the “Purchase 
Price”) shall be the amount set forth opposite such Buyer’s name in column 
(4) on the Schedule of Buyers. Upon delivery of this Agreement to the 
Company, with a copy to the placement agreement, such Buyer shall pay its 
respective Purchase Price to the Escrow Agent, for the Note being purchased 
by such Buyer, by wire transfer of immediately available funds or bank 
check or personal check subject to collection. The payment of the Purchase 
Price by such Buyer will be held pursuant to the terms of the Escrow 
Agreement, once collected and in good funds with the Escrow Agent. If the 
offering of the Notes is terminated before a Closing or this Agreement is 
not accepted by the Company or otherwise terminated in whole or in part, 
the Purchase Price of such Buyer not being applied to the purchase of a 
Note will be returned to such Buyer, without cost or expense, including any 
interest earned thereon.
 

2

 

 
(d)          Payment of Purchase Price; Delivery of Notes. On the Closing 
Date or any subsequent Closings, against delivery by the Escrow Agent to 
the account of the Company of the Purchase Price for the Note being 
purchased by each Buyer participating in the applicable Closing, the 
Company shall deliver to each Buyer a Note (in such amount as is set forth 
opposite such Buyer’s name in column (3) on the Schedule of Buyers), in all 
cases, duly executed on behalf of the Company and registered in the name of 
such Buyer or its designee, together with the other deliveries set forth 
herein.
 
2. 	BUYER’S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
 
Each Buyer represents and warrants to the Company with respect to only 
itself that as of the Closing Date(s) of the Closing(s) in which such Buyer 
participates:
 
(a)          Organization; Authority. Such Buyer is an entity duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite power and authority to 
enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents (as defined below) to which it is a party and 
otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
 
(b)          No Public Sale or Distribution. Such Buyer (i) is acquiring 
its Note, and (ii) upon conversion of its Note will acquire the Conversion 
Shares issuable upon conversion thereof, in each case, for its own account 
and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public 
sale or distribution thereof in violation of applicable securities laws, 
except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the 1933 Act; 
provided, however, by making the representations herein, such Buyer does 
not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the 
Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to 
dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a 
registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. Such Buyer does 
not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, 
with any Person to distribute any of the Securities in violation of 
applicable securities laws.
 
(c)          Accredited Investor Status. Such Buyer is an “accredited 
investor” as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.
 
(d)          Reliance on Exemptions. Such Buyer understands that the 
Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific 
exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and 
state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the 
truth and accuracy of, and such Buyer’s compliance with, the 
representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings 
of such Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of 
such exemptions and the eligibility of such Buyer to acquire the 
Securities.
 
(e)          Information. Such Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been 
furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and 
operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of 
the Securities which have been requested by such Buyer. Such Buyer and its 
advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of 
the Company. Such Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities 
involves a high degree of risk. Such Buyer has sought such accounting, 
legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed 
investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities.
 

3

 

 
(f)          No Governmental Review. Such Buyer understands that no United 
States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental 
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the 
Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the 
Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of 
the offering of the Securities.
 
(g)          Transfer or Resale. Such Buyer understands that except as 
provided in the Registration Rights Agreement or Section 4(h) or Section 
4(u) hereof: (i) the Securities have not been and are not being registered 
under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for 
sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered 
thereunder, (B) such Buyer shall have delivered to the Company (if 
requested by the Company) an opinion of counsel to such Buyer, in a form 
reasonably acceptable to the Company, to the effect that such Securities to 
be sold, assigned or transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred 
pursuant to an exemption from such registration, or (C) such Buyer provides 
the Company with reasonable assurance and documentation as may be requested 
by the Company or its legal counsel that such Securities can be sold, 
assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 144A promulgated under 
the 1933 Act (or a successor rule thereto) (collectively, “Rule 144”); (ii) 
any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in 
accordance with the terms of Rule 144, and further, if Rule 144 is not 
applicable, any resale of the Securities under circumstances in which the 
seller (or the Person (as defined below) through whom the sale is made) may 
be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) 
may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the 
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder; and (iii) neither 
the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation to register the 
Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply 
with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder.
 
(h)          Validity; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and 
validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of such Buyer and 
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Buyer 
enforceable against such Buyer in accordance with their respective terms, 
except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of 
equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, 
liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the 
enforcement of applicable creditors’ rights and remedies.
 
(i)          No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by such 
Buyer of this Agreement and the consummation by such Buyer of the 
transactions contemplated hereby will not (i) result in a violation of the 
organizational documents of such Buyer, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a 
default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would 
become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, 
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or 
instrument to which such Buyer is a party or (iii) result in a violation of 
any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and 
state securities laws) applicable to such Buyer, except in the case of 
clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or 
violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Buyer to 
perform its obligations hereunder.
 

4

 

  
(j)          Buyer’s Principal Residence. The address of Buyer’s principal 
residence, if Buyer is a natural Person or if Buyer is a non-natural 
Person, such as a corporation, limited liability company or other entity, 
is set forth in column (2) of the Schedule of Buyers.
 
(k)          No Engagements. Such Buyer has not engaged any brokers, 
finders or agents, and the Company has not, nor will, incur, directly or 
indirectly, as a result of any action taken by such Buyer, any liability 
for brokerage or finders’ fees or agents’ commissions or any similar 
charges in connection with the transactions consummated under this 
Agreement. Neither such Buyer, nor any of Buyer’s officers, directors, 
employees, agents, stockholders or partners has either directly or 
indirectly, including through a broker or finder: (i) engaged in or 
received any general solicitation or (ii) published or received any 
advertisement in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.
 
3. 	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.
 
The Company represents and warrants, as of the applicable Closing Date, 
unless with respect to a particular representation or warranty another date 
is provided, to each of the Buyers that, except as provided in the 
Disclosure Letter, attached hereto as Exhibit F:
 
(a)          Organization and Qualification. The Company is an entity duly 
organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which it is formed, and has the requisite power and 
authorization to own its properties and to carry on its business as now 
being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company is 
duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing 
in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature of 
the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to 
the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would 
not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. “Material 
Adverse Effect” means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, 
properties, assets, liabilities, operations (including results thereof) or 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company, either individually or 
taken as a whole, (ii) the ability to consummate transactions contemplated 
to be consummated on such Closing Date hereunder or under any of the other 
Transaction Documents with a Buyer participating in the Closing on such 
Closing Date or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company to perform 
any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents (as defined 
below). The Company has no Subsidiaries. “Subsidiaries” means any Person in 
which the Company, directly or indirectly, (I) owns any of the outstanding 
capital stock or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or 
(II) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or 
administration of such Person, and each of the foregoing, is individually 
referred to herein as a “Subsidiary.” Additionally, to the extent that any 
Subsidiary is hereafter created, and the context of the provision of this 
Agreement would ordinarily include a Subsidiary, then the term “Company” 
will be deemed to include such Subsidiary.
 

5

 

 
(b)          Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the 
requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations 
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the 
Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution 
and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the 
Company, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the 
issuance of the Notes and the reservation for issuance and issuance of the 
Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes) have been duly 
authorized by the Company’s board of directors or other governing body, as 
applicable, and (other than the filing with the SEC of one or more 
Registration Statements in accordance with the requirements of the 
Registration Rights Agreement, a Form D with the SEC and any other filings 
as may be required by any state securities agencies) no further filing, 
consent or authorization is required by the Company, its respective boards 
of directors or the stockholders or other governing body. This Agreement 
has been, and the other Transaction Documents will be prior to the Closing, 
duly executed and delivered by the Company, and each constitutes the legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the 
Company in accordance with its respective terms, except as such 
enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar 
laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable 
creditors’ rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and 
to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law. 
“Transaction Documents” means, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the 
Security Documents, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Irrevocable 
Transfer Agent Instructions (as defined in the Registration Rights 
Agreement), the Subordination Agreement (as defined below) and each of the 
other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the 
parties hereto in connection with the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.
 
(c)          Issuance of Conversion Shares. The Conversion Shares, when 
issued in accordance with the terms of the Notes, will be validly issued, 
fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive or similar 
rights, taxes, liens, charges and other encumbrances with respect to the 
issue thereof under the terms thereof, with the holders being entitled to 
all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. The Company shall have 
reserved from its duly authorized capital stock not less than one hundred 
one percent (101%) of the sum of the maximum number of Conversion Shares 
issuable upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with their terms. 
Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Buyers 
in this Agreement, the offer and issuance by the Company of the Securities 
is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act.
 
(d)          No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the 
Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of 
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without 
limitation, the issuance of the Notes, the Conversion Shares upon 
conversion of the Notes, the reservation for issuance of the Conversion 
Shares and the creation of the security interests represented by the 
Security Documents) will not (i) result in a violation of the Certificate 
of Incorporation (as defined below) (including, without limitation, any 
certificate of designation contained therein) or other organizational 
documents of the Company, any capital stock of the Company or Bylaws (as 
defined below) of the Company, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default 
(or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a 
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, 
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to 
which the Company is a party or (iii) result in a violation of any law, 
rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, without limitation, 
foreign, federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules 
and regulations of any stock exchange or trading medium (the “Principal 
Market”)) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of 
the Company is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or 
(iii) above, to the extent such violations that could not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 

6

 

  
(e)          Consents. The Company is not required to obtain any consent 
from, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with 
(other than the filing with the SEC of one or more Registration Statements 
in accordance with the requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement, a 
Form D with the SEC and any other filings as may be required by any state 
securities agencies), any court, governmental agency or any regulatory or 
self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, 
deliver or perform any of its respective obligations under, or contemplated 
by, the Transaction Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms 
hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and 
registrations which the Company is required to obtain at or prior to the 
Closing have been obtained or made on or prior to the Closing Date, and the 
Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might prevent the 
Company from obtaining or effecting any of the registration, application or 
filings contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including without 
limitation the requirements of the Principal Market.
 
(f)          Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer’s Purchase of Securities. The 
Company acknowledges and agrees that each Buyer is acting solely in the 
capacity of an arm’s length purchaser with respect to the Transaction 
Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that no 
Buyer is (i) an officer or director of the Company, (ii) an “affiliate” (as 
defined in Rule 144) of the Company or (iii) to its knowledge, a 
“beneficial owner” of more than ten percent (10%) of the shares of Common 
Stock (as defined for purposes of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange 
Act of 1934 Act, as amended (“1934 Act”)). The Company further acknowledges 
that no Buyer is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company 
(or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and 
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by a 
Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the 
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby 
is merely incidental to such Buyer’s purchase of the Securities. The 
Company further represents to each Buyer that the Company’s decision to 
enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been based 
solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its respective 
representatives.
 
(g)          No General Solicitation; Placement Agent’s Fees. Except as set 
forth in Schedule 3(g) attached to the Disclosure Letter, neither the 
Company nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of 
general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of 
Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities. The 
Company shall be responsible for the payment of any Placement Agent’s fees, 
financial advisory fees, or brokers’ commissions (other than for Persons 
engaged by any Buyer or its investment advisor) relating to or arising out 
of the transactions contemplated hereby. Other than MDB Capital Group, LLC 
(i.e., the “Placement Agent”) to which a cash fee of ten percent (10%) of 
the gross proceeds of any Closing hereunder and a warrant based on ten 
percent (10%) of the initial principal amount of the Notes issued at any 
Closing hereunder, the Company has not engaged any placement agent or other 
broker or dealer in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.
 

7

 

 
(h)          No Integrated Offering. None of the Company or any of their 
affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or 
indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any 
offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require 
registration of the issuance of any of the Securities under the 1933 Act, 
whether through integration with prior offerings or otherwise, or cause 
this offering of the Securities to require approval of stockholders of the 
Company (other than any required approval of holders of a majority of the 
outstanding common stock of the Company received before the Closing) under 
any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without 
limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated 
quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company are listed 
or designated for quotation. None of the Company, nor its affiliates nor 
any Person acting on their behalf will take any action or steps that would 
require registration of the issuance of any of the Securities under the 
1933 Act or cause the offering of any of the Securities to be integrated 
with other offerings of securities of the Company.
 
(i)          Dilutive Effect. The Company understands and acknowledges that 
the number of Conversion Shares may increase in certain circumstances. The 
Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Conversion 
Shares upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with this Agreement and 
the Notes is absolute and unconditional, regardless of the dilutive effect 
that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other 
stockholders of the Company.
 
(j)          Application of Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement. The 
Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, 
in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, interested 
stockholder, business combination, poison pill (including, without 
limitation, any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar 
anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or 
other organizational documents or the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or otherwise which is or could become applicable to any Buyer 
as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company’s issuance of the 
Securities and any Buyer’s ownership of the Securities. The Company and its 
board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to 
render inapplicable any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement 
relating to accumulations of beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock 
or a change in control of the Company.
 
(k)          Placement Documents; Financial Statements. The private 
placement memorandum provided to the Buyers in connection with the sale of 
the Notes, at the time of the date thereon, as it may be amended from time 
to time, did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to 
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order 
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under 
which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the 
financial statements of the Company included in the private placement 
memorandum are unaudited and were not prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles, but fairly represented the financial 
position and results of the Company as of at and for the periods ended on 
the dates of such financial statements. No other information provided by or 
on behalf of the Company to any of the Buyers taken together with such 
private placement memorandum contains any untrue statement of a material 
fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the 
statements therein not misleading, in the light of the circumstance under 
which they are or were made.
 

8

 

 
(l)          Absence of Certain Changes. Since the date of the Company’s 
most recent financial statements contained in the private placement 
memorandum provided to the Buyer in connection with the sale of the Notes, 
there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse 
development in the business, assets, liabilities, properties, operations 
(including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or 
prospects of the Company. Since the date of the Company’s most recent 
financial statements contained in in the private placement memorandum 
provided to the Buyer in connection with the sale of the Notes, the Company 
has not (i) declared or paid any dividends (whether by cash, property or 
securities), (ii) sold any assets, individually or in the aggregate, 
outside of the ordinary course of business or (iii) made any capital 
expenditures, individually or in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary 
course of business. The Company has not taken any steps to seek protection 
pursuant to any law or statute relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, receivership, liquidation or winding up, nor does the 
Company have any knowledge or reason to believe that any of their 
respective creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings 
or any actual knowledge of any fact which would reasonably lead a creditor 
to do so. The Company is not as of the date hereof, and after giving effect 
to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur at the Closing, will not 
be Insolvent (as defined below). “Insolvent” means (i) the present fair 
saleable value of the Company’s assets is less than the amount required to 
pay the Company’s total Indebtedness (as defined below), (ii) the Company 
is unable to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or 
otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured or 
(iii) the Company intends to incur or believe that they will incur debts 
that would be beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature. The Company 
has not engaged in any business or in any transaction, and is not about to 
engage in any business or in any transaction, for which the Company’s 
remaining assets constitute unreasonably small capital.
 
(m)          No Undisclosed Events, Liabilities, Developments or 
Circumstances. The Company has no knowledge of any event, liability, 
development or circumstance that has occurred or exists, or that is 
reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or any of 
its business, properties, liabilities, operations (including results 
thereof) or condition (financial or otherwise), that (i) would be required 
to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws on a 
registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC relating to an 
issuance and sale by the Company of its Common Stock and which has not been 
publicly announced or disclosed to the Buyers, (ii) could have a material 
adverse effect on any Buyer’s investment hereunder or (iii) could have a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
(n)          Conduct of Business; Regulatory Permits. The Company is not in 
violation of any term of or in default under its Certificate of 
Incorporation or Bylaws. The Company is not in violation of any judgment, 
decree or order or any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to 
the Company, and the Company will not conduct its business in violation of 
any of the foregoing, except in all cases for possible violations which 
could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse 
Effect. The Company possess all certificates, authorizations and permits 
issued by the appropriate regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their 
respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such 
certificates, authorizations or permits would not have, individually or in 
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and the Company has not received 
any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any 
such certificate, authorization or permit.
 

9

 

 
(o)          Foreign Corrupt Practices. The Company and none of its 
directors, officers, agents, employees or other Persons acting on behalf of 
the Company has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the 
Company (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, 
entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; 
(ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or 
domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; (iii) 
violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act of 1977, as amended; or (iv) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, 
payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any 
foreign or domestic government official or employee.
 
(p)          Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is in compliance with all 
applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and all 
applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.
 
(q)          Transactions With Affiliates. Except as set forth on Schedule 
3(q) attached to the Disclosure Letter and in the private placement 
documents provided to the Buyers in connection with the sale of the Notes, 
none of the officers, directors, employees or affiliates of the Company is 
presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for 
ordinary course services as employees, officers or directors and immaterial 
transactions), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement 
providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of 
real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or 
from any such officer, director, employee or affiliate or, to the knowledge 
of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other Person in 
which any such officer, director, employee or affiliate has a substantial 
interest or is an employee, officer, director, trustee or partner.
 
(r)          Equity Capitalization. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(r) 
attached to the Disclosure Letter:
 
As of the Effective Date, the authorized capital stock of the Company will 
consist solely of shares of Common Stock, of which are issued and 
outstanding and shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to Convertible 
Securities (as defined below) (other than the Notes). No approval of the 
shareholders is required for the issuance of the Notes or the Conversion 
Shares or any of the Convertible Securities. No shares of Common Stock are 
held in treasury. All of such outstanding shares are duly authorized and 
have been, or upon issuance will be, validly issued and are fully paid and 
non-assessable. Shares of the Company’s issued and outstanding Common Stock 
on the date hereof are owned by Persons who are “affiliates” (as defined in 
Rule 405 of the 1933 Act and calculated based on the assumption that only 
officers, directors and holders of at least ten percent (10%) of the 
Company’s issued and outstanding Common Stock are “affiliates” without 
conceding that any such Persons are “affiliates” for purposes of federal 
securities laws) of the Company. To the Company’s knowledge, no Person owns 
ten percent (10%) or more of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of 
Common Stock (calculated based on the assumption that all Convertible 
Securities, whether or not presently exercisable or convertible, have been 
fully exercised or converted (as the case may be) taking account of any 
limitations on exercise or conversion (including “blockers”) contained 
therein) without conceding in the private placement documentation that such 
identified Person is a ten percent (10%) stockholder for purposes of 
federal securities laws. Except as contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents, as of immediately prior to the Closing, (i) none of the 
Company’s capital stock is subject to preemptive rights or any other 
similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the 
Company; (ii) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to 
subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, 
or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable 
for, any capital stock of the Company, or contracts, commitments, 
understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound 
to issue additional capital stock of the Company or options, warrants, 
scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character 
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or 
exercisable or exchangeable for, any capital stock of the Company (except 
pursuant to an agreement to issue common stock in connection with patent 
and intellectual property services); (iii) there are no outstanding debt 
securities, notes, credit agreements, credit facilities or other 
agreements, documents or instruments evidencing Indebtedness of the Company 
or by which the Company is or may become bound; (iv) there are no financing 
statements securing obligations in any amounts filed in connection with the 
Company; (v) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the 
Company is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under 
the 1933 Act (except pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement and 
warrants issued to MDB Capital Group LLC or its affiliates); (vi) there are 
no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company which contain any 
redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, 
understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound 
to redeem a security of the Company; (vii) there are no securities or 
instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be 
triggered by the issuance of the Securities; and (viii) the Company has not 
issued any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements 
or any similar plan or agreement. The Company has furnished to the Buyers 
true, correct and complete copies of the Company’s Certificate of 
Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the 
“Certificate of Incorporation”), and the Company’s bylaws, as amended and 
as in effect on the date hereof (the “Bylaws”), and the terms of all 
securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, shares of 
Common Stock and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect 
thereto. “Convertible Securities” means preferred stock, options, warrants 
or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into, exchangeable 
for or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company.
 

10

 

 
(s)          Indebtedness and Other Contracts. The Company (i) except as 
disclosed on Schedule 3(s)(i) attached to the Disclosure Letter, has no 
outstanding Indebtedness (as defined below), (ii) is a party to any 
contract, agreement or instrument, the violation of which, or default under 
which, by the other party(ies) to such contract, agreement or instrument 
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) 
is in violation of any term of, or in default under, any contract, 
agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, except where such 
violations and defaults would not result, individually or in the aggregate, 
in a Material Adverse Effect, or (iv) is a party to any contract, agreement 
or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, the performance of which, in 
the judgment of the Company’s officers, has or is expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect. (x) “Indebtedness” of any Person means, without 
duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations 
issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or 
services (including, without limitation, “capital leases” in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles) (other than trade payables 
entered into in the ordinary course of business), (C) all reimbursement or 
payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and 
other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, 
debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced 
incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or 
businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional 
sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in 
either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the 
proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the 
seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to 
repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary obligations under 
any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with generally 
accepted accounting principles, consistently applied for the periods 
covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness 
referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the 
holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, 
to be secured by) any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or 
other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and 
contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns 
such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of 
such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations in respect of 
indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses 
(A) through (G) above; (y) “Contingent Obligation” means, as to any Person, 
any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person 
with respect to any indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of 
another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring 
such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to 
the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or 
discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, 
or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in 
part) against loss with respect thereto; and (z) “Person” means an 
individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a 
corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and 
a government or any department or agency thereof.
 

11

 

 
(t)          Absence of Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(t) 
attached to the Disclosure Letter, there is no action, suit, proceeding, 
inquiry or investigation before or by the Principal Market, any court, 
public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body 
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or 
affecting the Company, the Common Stock or any of the Company’s officers or 
directors which is outside of the ordinary course of business or 
individually or in the aggregate material to the Company. There has not 
been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or 
contemplated, any investigation by the SEC or other United States 
governmental agency involving the Company or any current or former director 
or officer of the Company.
 
(u)          Insurance. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(u) attached to 
the Disclosure Letter, the Company is insured by insurers of recognized 
financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts 
as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the 
businesses in which the Company is engaged. The Company has not been 
refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for, and the Company has 
no any reason to believe that it will be unable to renew its existing 
insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar 
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business 
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(v)         Employee Relations. The Company is not a party to any 
collective bargaining agreement or employs any member of a union. The 
Company believes that its relations with their respective employees are 
good. No executive officer (as defined in Rule 501(f) promulgated under the 
1933 Act) or other key employee of the Company has notified the Company 
that such officer intends to leave the Company or otherwise terminate such 
officer’s employment with the Company. To the Company’s knowledge, no 
executive officer or other key employee of the Company is, or is now 
expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment 
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement, 
non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any 
restrictive covenant, and the continued employment of each such executive 
officer or other key employee (as the case may be) does not subject the 
Company to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The 
Company is in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws 
and regulations respecting labor, employment and employment practices and 
benefits, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except 
where failure to be in compliance would not, either individually or in the 
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 

12

 

 
(w)          Title. The Company has good and marketable title in fee simple 
to all real property, and have good and marketable title to all personal 
property, owned by them which is material to the business of the Company, 
in each case, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except 
such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not 
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the 
Company. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company 
is held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such 
exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and 
proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company.
 
(x)          Intellectual Property Rights. To the Company’s knowledge, the 
Company owns or possesses adequate rights or licenses to use all 
trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service 
names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, original works, inventions, 
licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other 
intellectual property rights and all applications and registrations 
therefor (“Intellectual Property Rights”) necessary to conduct is business 
as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. None of the 
Company’s Intellectual Property Rights have expired, terminated or been 
abandoned, or are expected to expire, terminate or be abandoned, within 
three years from the date of this Agreement. The Company has no knowledge 
of any infringement by the Company of Intellectual Property Rights of 
others. There is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought, or 
to the knowledge of the Company, being threatened, against the Company 
regarding their Intellectual Property Rights. The Company is not aware of 
any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing 
infringements or claims, actions or proceedings. The Company has taken 
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and 
value of all of its Intellectual Property Rights.
 
(y)          Environmental Laws. The Company (i) is in compliance with all 
Environmental Laws (as defined below), (ii) has received all permits, 
licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental 
Laws to conduct its business, and (iii) is in compliance with all terms and 
conditions of any such permit, license or approval where, in each of the 
foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be 
reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material 
Adverse Effect. “Environmental Laws” means all federal, state, local or 
foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the 
environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, 
groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without 
limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened 
releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous 
substances or wastes (collectively, “Hazardous Materials”) into the 
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, 
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of 
Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands 
or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice 
letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated 
or approved thereunder.
 

13

 

  
(z)          Tax Status. The Company (i) has timely made or filed all 
foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and 
declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has 
timely paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that 
are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, 
reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and 
(iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the 
payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such 
returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any 
material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any 
jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such 
claim. The Company is not operated in such a manner as to qualify as a 
passive foreign investment company, as defined in Section 1297 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
(aa)        Internal Accounting and Disclosure Controls. Given the limited 
resources of the Company as a development-stage business, the Company uses 
good faith efforts to maintain internal control over financial reporting 
(as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act) that is 
effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes, including that (i) transactions are executed in 
accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations, (ii) 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements to maintain asset and liability accountability, (iii) access to 
assets or incurrence of liabilities is permitted only in accordance with 
management’s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded 
accountability for assets and liabilities is compared with the existing 
assets and liabilities at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is 
taken with respect to any difference. The Company has not received any 
notice or correspondence from any accountant or other Person relating to 
any potential material weakness or significant deficiency in any part of 
the internal controls over financial reporting of the Company.
 
(bb)       Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, 
arrangement, or other relationship involving the Company in respect of an 
off balance sheet entity that would be required to be disclosed by the 
Company in a 1934 Act filing or that otherwise could be reasonably likely 
to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(cc)        Investment Company Status. The Company is not, and upon 
consummation of the sale of the Securities will not be, an “investment 
company,” or, to the knowledge of the Company, an affiliate of an 
“investment company,” a company controlled by an “investment company” or an 
“affiliated person” of, or “promoter” or “principal underwriter” for, an 
“investment company” as such terms are defined in the Investment Company 
Act of 1940, as amended.
 
(dd)       U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not, and 
has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning 
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the 
Company shall so certify upon any Buyer’s request.
 

14

 

  
(ee)        Transfer Taxes. On the Closing Date, all stock transfer or 
other taxes (other than income or similar taxes) which are required to be 
paid in connection with the issuance, sale and transfer of the Securities 
to be sold to each Buyer hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid 
or provided for by the Company, and all laws imposing such taxes will be or 
will have been complied with.
 
(ff)         Bank Holding Company Act. The Company is not subject to the 
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”) and to regulation 
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal 
Reserve”). The Company nor any of its affiliates owns or controls, directly 
or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any 
class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the 
total equity of a bank or any equity that is subject to the BHCA and to 
regulation by the Federal Reserve. The Company nor any of its affiliates 
exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank 
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal 
Reserve.
 
(gg)       Shell Company Status. The Company is not, and has never been, an 
issuer identified in, or subject to, Rule 144(i).
 
(hh)       Public Utility Holding Act. The Company is not a “holding 
company,” or an “affiliate” of a “holding company,” as such terms are 
defined in the Public Utility Holding Act of 2005.
 
(ii)          Federal Power Act. The Company is not subject to regulation 
as a “public utility” under the Federal Power Act, as amended.
 
(jj)          No Additional Agreements. The Company does not have any 
agreement or understanding with any Buyer with respect to the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents other than as specified in the 
Transaction Documents.
 
(kk)        Real Property. The Company holds good title to all real 
property, leases in real property, or other interests in real property 
stated as owned or held by the Company (the “Real Property”). The Real 
Property is free and clear of all mortgages, defects, claims, liens, 
pledges, charges, taxes, rights of first refusal, encumbrances, security 
interests and other encumbrances (collectively “Encumbrances”) and is not 
subject to any rights of way, building use restrictions, exceptions, 
variances, reservations, or limitations of any nature except for (i) liens 
for current taxes not yet due, and (ii) zoning laws and other land use 
restrictions that do not impair the present or anticipated use of the 
property subject thereto.
 
(ll)          Fixtures and Equipment. The Company has good title to, or a 
valid leasehold interest in, the tangible personal property, equipment, 
improvements, fixtures, and other personal property and appurtenances that 
are used by the Company in connection with the conduct of its business (the 
“Fixtures and Equipment”). The Fixtures and Equipment are structurally 
sound, are in good operating condition and repair, are adequate for the 
uses to which they are being put, are not in need of maintenance or repairs 
except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs and are sufficient for 
the conduct of the Company’s business in the manner as conducted prior to 
the Closing. The Company owns all of its Fixtures and Equipment free and 
clear of all Encumbrances except for (i) liens for current taxes not yet 
due, and (ii) zoning laws and other land use restrictions that do not 
impair the present or anticipated use of the property subject thereto.
 

15

 

  
(mm)      Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions. The 
Company nor, to the best of the Company’s knowledge (after reasonable 
inquiry of its officers and directors), any of the officers, directors, 
employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any other 
business entity or enterprise with which the Company is or has been 
affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized 
any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether 
or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to 
any Person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any 
aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except for personal 
political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds 
of the Company.
 
(nn)       Money Laundering. The Company is in compliance with, and has not 
previously violated, the USA Patriot Act of 2001 and all other applicable 
U.S. and non-U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including, 
without limitation, the laws, regulations and Executive Orders and 
sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets 
Control, including, without limitation, (i) Executive Order 13224 of 
September 23, 2001 entitled, “Blocking Property and Prohibiting 
Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support 
Terrorism” (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)); and (ii) any regulations contained 
in 31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V.
 
(oo)       Ranking of Notes. No Indebtedness of the Company, at the 
Closing, will be senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes in right of 
payment, whether with respect to payment or redemptions, interest, damages, 
upon liquidation or dissolution or otherwise.
 
(pp)       Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other 
Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Buyers or their agents 
or counsel with any information that constitutes or could reasonably be 
expected to constitute material, non-public information concerning the 
Company, other than the existence of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Company understands and 
confirms that each of the Buyers will rely on the foregoing representations 
in effecting the transactions consummated hereunder. All disclosure 
provided to the Buyers regarding the Company, its business and the 
transactions contemplated hereby, including the private placement 
memorandum, the Disclosure Letter and the schedules to this Agreement, 
furnished by or on behalf of the Company does not contain any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary 
in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company 
acknowledges and agrees that no Buyer makes or has made any representations 
or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other 
than those specifically set forth in Section 2.
 
4. 	COVENANTS.
 
(a)          Best Efforts. Each Buyer shall use its best efforts to timely 
satisfy each of the conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in Section 
6 of this Agreement. The Company shall use its best efforts to timely 
satisfy each of the conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in Section 
7 of this Agreement.
 

16

 

 
(b)          Form D and Blue Sky. The Company shall file a Form D with 
respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a 
copy thereof to each Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, 
on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall 
reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or 
to, qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyers at the Closing pursuant 
to this Agreement under applicable securities or “Blue Sky” laws of the 
states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such 
qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to 
the Buyers on or prior to the Closing Date. Without limiting any other 
obligation of the Company under this Agreement, the Company shall timely 
make all filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the 
Securities required in connection with the consummation of the transactions 
consummated hereunder under all applicable securities laws (including, 
without limitation, all applicable federal securities laws and all 
applicable “Blue Sky” laws), and the Company shall comply with all 
applicable federal, foreign, state and local laws, statutes, rules, 
regulations and the like relating to the offering and sale of the 
Securities to the Buyers.
 
(c)          Reporting Status. After the date the Company becomes a 
Reporting Company, if applicable, and until the date on which the Buyers 
shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities (such period, to end in 
any event, whether or not such securities have been sold, not later than 
five years after such date, the “Reporting Period”), the Company shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to timely file all reports required to be 
filed with the SEC pursuant to the 1934 Act, and the Company shall not 
terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934 
Act even if the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would no 
longer require or otherwise permit such termination unless such termination 
is approved by the holders of a majority stockholders of the voting power 
of the Company, or unless no Buyer has demand registration rights under the 
Registration Rights Agreement or unless no Buyer is a holder of record of 
Conversion Shares (collectively, the “Termination Conditions”).
 
(d)          Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from the 
sale of the Securities for general corporate purposes or as expressly set 
forth on Schedule 4(d) attached to the Disclosure Letter. Without limiting 
the foregoing, except as expressly set forth on Schedule 4(d) attached to 
the Disclosure Letter, none of such proceeds shall be used, directly or 
indirectly, (i) for the satisfaction of any debt of the Company, (ii) for 
the redemption of any securities of the Company (other than the Securities) 
or (iii) with respect to any litigation involving the Company (including, 
without limitation, any settlement thereof).
 
(e)          Financial Information. The Company agrees to send the 
following to each Buyer after the date hereof and including during the 
Reporting Period for so long as such Buyer is a holder of record of the 
Company’s common stock (i) unless the following are filed with the SEC 
through EDGAR and are available to the public through the EDGAR system, 
within one (1) Business Day after the filing thereof with the SEC, a copy 
of its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, any 
interim reports or any balance sheets, income statements, stockholders’ 
equity statements and/or cash flow statements for any period other than 
annual, any Current Reports on Form 8-K and any registration statements 
(other than on Form S-8) or amendments filed pursuant to the 1933 Act, (ii) 
on the same day as the release thereof, facsimile copies of all press 
releases issued by the Company unless filed with the SEC through EDGAR as 
an exhibit to Form 8-K or another applicable form and available to the 
public through EDGAR, and (iii) copies of any notices and other information 
made available or given to the stockholders of the Company generally, 
contemporaneously with the making available or giving thereof to the 
stockholders.
 

17

 

  
(f)          Listing. In connection with the Company becoming an issuer 
subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act, if applicable, the 
Company shall in connection with any proper demand for registration of 
Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement (if the same 
has not previously occurred) promptly secure the listing or designation for 
quotation (as the case may be) of all of the Registrable Securities upon 
each national securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any, 
upon which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as 
the case may be) (subject to official notice of issuance) and shall 
thereafter maintain such listing or designation for quotation (as the case 
may be) of all Registrable Securities from time to time issuable under the 
terms of the Transaction Documents on such national securities exchange or 
automated quotation system unless one of the Termination Conditions has 
occurred. During any period that the Common Stock is listed or designated, 
the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the 
Common Stock’s listing or designation for quotation (as the case may be) on 
the Principal Market, The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq 
Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market 
(each, an “Eligible Market”). During the Reporting Period, the Company 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts not to take any action which 
could be reasonably expected to prevent a listing or result in the 
delisting or suspension of the Common Stock from an Eligible Market. The 
Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its 
obligations under this Section 4(f).
 
(g)          Fees. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any 
placement agent’s fees, financial advisory fees, or broker’s commissions 
(other than for Persons engaged by any Buyer) relating to or arising out of 
the transactions contemplated hereby and resulting from the retention by 
the Company of any placement agent, financial advisor or broker (including, 
without limitation, any fees payable to the Placement Agent, who is the 
Company’s sole placement agent in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement). Except where Buyer has breached Section 
2(k) hereof, the Company shall pay, and hold each Buyer harmless against, 
any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any 
claim relating to any such payment. Except as otherwise set forth in the 
Transaction Documents, each party to this Agreement shall bear its own 
expenses in connection with the sale of the Securities to the Buyers.
 
(h)          Pledge of Securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the 
Securities may be pledged by a Buyer in connection with a bona fide margin 
agreement or other bona fide loan or financing arrangement that is secured 
by the Securities. The pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a 
transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and no Buyer 
making a pledge of Securities shall be required to provide the Company with 
any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant 
to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Company hereby 
agrees to execute and deliver such documentation as a holder of the 
Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge of the 
Securities to such pledgee by a Buyer.
 

18

 

  
(i)           Reservation of Shares. The Company shall take all action 
necessary to at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of 
issuance, no less than one hundred one percent (101%) of the maximum number 
of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes.
 
(j)           Conduct of Business. So long as any of the Securities are 
held by the Buyers and their successors in interest and assigns, the 
business of the Company shall not be conducted in violation of any law, 
ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except where such 
violations would not result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
(k)          Variable Rate Transaction. Until the later of none of the 
Notes being outstanding or three years after the Company shall become an 
issuer reporting under the 1934 Act, the Company shall be prohibited from 
effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any offering or placement 
of equity or equity linked securities or debt of the Company (“Subsequent 
Placement”) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. “Variable Rate 
Transaction” means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells 
any Convertible Securities either (A) at a conversion, exercise or exchange 
rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading 
prices of, or quotations for, the shares of Common Stock at any time after 
the initial issuance of such Convertible Securities, or (B) with a 
conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at 
some future date after the initial issuance of such Convertible Securities 
or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or 
indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the 
Common Stock, other than pursuant to a customary “weighted average” 
anti-dilution provision or (ii) enters into any agreement (including, 
without limitation, an “equity line of credit” or an “at the market 
offering”) whereby the Company may sell securities at a future determined 
price (other than standard and customary “preemptive” or “participation” 
rights). Each Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against 
the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in 
addition to any right to collect damages.
 
(l)           Participation Right. So long as the Notes are outstanding the 
Company, directly or indirectly, shall not effect any Subsequent Placement, 
other than a publicly underwritten firm commitment offering through a 
registered broker-dealer, unless the Company shall have first complied with 
this Section 4(l). The Company acknowledges and agrees that the right set 
forth in this Section 4(l) is a right granted by the Company, separately, 
to each Buyer.
         

19

 

         
        (i)          At least five (5) Business Days prior to any proposed
        or intended Subsequent Placement, the Company shall deliver to each
        Buyer a written notice of its proposal or intention to effect a
        Subsequent Placement (each such notice, a “Pre-Notice”), which
        Pre-Notice shall not contain any information (including, without
        limitation, material, non-public information) other than: (i) a
        statement that the Company proposes or intends to effect a
        Subsequent Placement, (ii) a statement that the statement in clause
        (i) above does not constitute material, non-public information and
        (iii) a statement informing such Buyer that it is entitled to
        receive an Offer Notice (as defined below) with respect to such
        Subsequent Placement upon its written request. Upon the written
        request of a Buyer within three (3) Business days after the
        Company’s delivery to such Buyer of such Pre-Notice, the Company
        shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Business day after such
        request, deliver to such Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the
        “Offer Notice”) of any proposed or intended issuance or sale or
        exchange (the “Offer”) of the securities being offered (the
        “Offered Securities”) in a Subsequent Placement, which Offer Notice
        shall (w) identify and describe the Offered Securities, (x)
        describe the price and other terms upon which they are to be
        issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the Offered
        Securities to be issued, sold or exchanged, (y) identify the
        Persons (if known) to which or with which the Offered Securities
        are to be offered, issued, sold or exchanged and (z) offer to issue
        and sell to or exchange with such Buyer in accordance with the
        terms of the Offer one hundred percent (100%) of the Offered
        Securities that such Buyer is eligible to subscribe for, provided
        that the number of Offered Securities which such Buyer shall have
        the right to subscribe for under this Section 4(l) for and the
        consideration to be paid for the Offered Securities shall be (a)
        based on such Buyer’s pro rata portion of the aggregate original
        principal amount of the Notes purchased hereunder by all Buyers
        (the “Basic Amount”), and (b) with respect to each Buyer that
        elects to purchase its Basic Amount, any additional portion of the
        Offered Securities attributable to the Basic Amounts of other
        Buyers as such Buyer shall indicate it will purchase or acquire
        should the other Buyers subscribe for less than their Basic Amounts
        allocated among other Buyers who elect to purchase their respective
        Basic Amounts as specified in Subsection (ii) below (the
        “Undersubscription Amount”); and provided further, if such Buyer
        elects to use as the consideration for the Offered Securities the
        principal due on the Notes, then the number of Offered Securities
        which such Buyer shall have the right to subscribe for under this
        Section 4(l) shall be one-half of such Buyers pro rata portion of
        the Basic Amount and with respect to each Buyer that elects to
        purchase the reduced Basic Amount, any additional portion of the
        Offered Securities attributable to one-half of the
        Undersubscription Amount.
         
        (ii)         To accept an Offer, in whole or in part, such Buyer
        must deliver a written notice to the Company prior to the end of
        the fifth (5th) Business Day after such Buyer’s receipt of the
        Offer Notice (the “Offer Period”), setting forth the portion of
        such Buyer’s Basic Amount that such Buyer elects to purchase and,
        if such Buyer shall elect to purchase all of its Basic Amount, the
        Undersubscription Amount, if any, that such Buyer has an interest
        in purchasing and will purchase, if allocated as the Available
        Undersubscription Amount (hereinafter defined) for such Buyer (in
        either case, the “Notice of Acceptance”). If the Basic Amounts
        subscribed for by all Buyers are less than the total of all of the
        Basic Amounts, then such Buyer who has set forth an
        Undersubscription Amount in its Notice of Acceptance shall be
        entitled to purchase, in addition to the Basic Amounts subscribed
        for, the Undersubscription Amount it has subscribed for; provided,
        however, if the Undersubscription Amounts subscribed for exceed the
        difference between the total of all the Basic Amounts and the Basic
        Amounts subscribed for (the “Available Undersubscription Amount”),
        such Buyer who has subscribed for any Undersubscription Amount
        shall be entitled to purchase only that portion of the Available
        Undersubscription Amount as the Basic Amount of such Buyer bears to
        the total Basic Amounts of all Buyers that have subscribed for
        Undersubscription Amounts, subject to rounding by the Company to
        the extent it deems reasonably necessary. Notwithstanding the
        foregoing, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms and
        conditions of the Offer prior to the expiration of the Offer
        Period, the Company may deliver to each Buyer a new Offer Notice
        and the Offer Period shall expire on the fifth (5th) Business Day
        after such Buyer’s receipt of such new Offer Notice; provided
        however, if the Buyers use any portion of the principal of their
        Notes to purchase the Offered Securities, then the Offer may be
        increased by such amount and there is no requirement that the
        Company deliver a new Offer Notice or extend the Offer Period.
         

20

 

          
        (iii)        If the Company is an issuer subject to the periodic
        reporting requirements under Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act,
        as amended from time to time, together with the regulations
        promulgated thereunder (a “Reporting Company”), the Company shall
        have five (5) days and shall otherwise have fifteen (15) days from
        the expiration of the Offer Period above (i) to offer, issue, sell
        or exchange all or any part of such Offered Securities as to which
        a Notice of Acceptance has not been given by a Buyer (the “Refused
        Securities”) pursuant to a definitive agreement(s) (the “Subsequent
        Placement Agreement”), but only to the offerees described in the
        Offer Notice (if so described therein) and only upon terms and
        conditions (including, without limitation, unit prices and interest
        rates) that are not more favorable to the acquiring Person or
        Persons or less favorable to the Company than those set forth in
        the Offer Notice and (ii) to publicly announce (a) the execution of
        such Subsequent Placement Agreement, and (b) either (x) the
        consummation of the transactions contemplated by such Subsequent
        Placement Agreement or (y) the termination of such Subsequent
        Placement Agreement, which shall be filed with the SEC on a Current
        Report on Form 8-K with such Subsequent Placement Agreement and any
        documents contemplated therein filed as exhibits thereto, provided
        that Clause (ii) of this Subsection (iii) shall not apply to the
        Company unless it is a Reporting Company.
         
        (iv)        In the event the Company shall propose to sell less
        than all the Refused Securities (any such sale to be in the manner
        and on the terms specified in Section 4(l)(iii) above), then such
        Buyer may, at its sole option and in its sole discretion, reduce
        the number or amount of the Offered Securities specified in its
        Notice of Acceptance to an amount that shall be not less than the
        number or amount of the Offered Securities that such Buyer elected
        to purchase pursuant to Section 4(l)(ii) above multiplied by a
        fraction, (i) the numerator of which shall be the number or amount
        of Offered Securities the Company actually proposes to issue, sell
        or exchange (including Offered Securities to be issued or sold to
        Buyers pursuant to this Section 4(l)) prior to such reduction) and
        (ii) the denominator of which shall be the original amount of the
        Offered Securities. In the event that any Buyer so elects to reduce
        the number or amount of Offered Securities specified in its Notice
        of Acceptance, the Company may not issue, sell or exchange more
        than the reduced number or amount of the Offered Securities unless
        and until such securities have again been offered to the Buyers in
        accordance with Section 4(l)(i) above.
         

21

 

          
        (v)         Upon the closing of the issuance, sale or exchange of
        all or less than all of the Refused Securities, such Buyer shall
        acquire from the Company, and the Company shall issue to such
        Buyer, the number or amount of Offered Securities specified in its
        Notice of Acceptance. The purchase by such Buyer of any Offered
        Securities is subject in all cases to the preparation, execution
        and delivery by the Company and such Buyer of a separate purchase
        agreement relating to such Offered Securities reasonably
        satisfactory in form and substance to such Buyer and its counsel.
         
        (vi)        Any Offered Securities not acquired by a Buyer or other
        Persons in accordance with this Section 4(l) may not be issued,
        sold or exchanged until they are again offered to such Buyer under
        the procedures specified in this Agreement.
         
        (vii)       The Company and each Buyer agree that if any Buyer
        elects to participate in the Offer, neither the Subsequent
        Placement Agreement with respect to such Offer nor any other
        transaction documents related thereto (collectively, the
        “Subsequent Placement Documents”) shall include any term or
        provision whereby such Buyer shall be required to agree to any
        restrictions on trading as to any securities of the Company
        inconsistent with the restrictions in this Agreement or be required
        to consent to any amendment to or termination of, or grant any
        waiver or release or the like under or in connection with, any
        agreement previously entered into with the Company or any
        instrument received from the Company.
         
        (viii)      If the Company is a Reporting Company, notwithstanding
        anything to the contrary in this Section 4(l) and unless otherwise
        agreed to by such Buyer, the Company shall either confirm in
        writing to such Buyer that the transaction with respect to the
        Subsequent Placement has been abandoned or shall publicly disclose
        its intention to issue the Offered Securities, in either case, in
        such a manner such that such Buyer will not be in possession of any
        material, non-public information, by the fifth (5th) Business Day
        following delivery of the Offer Notice; if by such fifth (5th)
        Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with
        respect to the Offered Securities has been made, and no notice
        regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by
        such Buyer, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned
        and such Buyer shall not be in possession of any material,
        non-public information with respect to the Company. Should the
        Company decide to pursue such transaction with respect to the
        Offered Securities, the Company shall provide such Buyer with
        another Offer Notice in accordance with, and subject to, the terms
        of this Section 4(l) and such Buyer will again have the right of
        participation set forth in this Section 4(l). The Company shall not
        be permitted to deliver more than one Offer Notice to such Buyer in
        any sixty (60) day period, except as expressly contemplated by the
        last sentence of Section 4(l)(ii).
         

22

 

          
        (ix)         The restrictions contained in this Section 4(l) shall
        not apply in connection with the issuance of unregistered shares of
        Common Stock to an employee or consultant or director under an
        equity incentive plan approved by the Board or to a Person who
        enters into a bona fide strategic alliance with the Company but
        only if such Person (I) is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an
        operating company (which, for clarification purposes, does not
        include a Person in the business of making investments in, or
        providing capital to, other Persons) in a business synergistic with
        the business of the Company and (II) actually provides strategic
        operational benefits to the Company, provided that all such
        issuances after the date hereof pursuant to this Subparagraph (ix)
        do not, in the aggregate, exceed more than fifty percent (50%) of
        the shares of Common Stock (adjusted for stock splits, stock
        combinations and other similar transactions occurring after the
        date of this Agreement) that may be issued on conversion of the
        Notes as of the date of this Agreement. The Company shall not
        circumvent the provisions of this Section 4(l) by providing terms
        or conditions to one Buyer that are not provided to all Buyers.
 
(m)         Passive Foreign Investment Company. For the period ending on 
the third year anniversary after the Company becomes an issuer subject to 
the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act, the Company shall conduct its 
business in such a manner as will ensure that the Company will not be 
deemed to constitute a passive foreign investment company within the 
meaning of Section 1297 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended.
 
(n)         Restriction on Redemption and Cash Dividends. So long as any 
Notes are outstanding, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, 
redeem, or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on, any 
securities of the Company without the prior express written consent of the 
Required Buyers.
 
(o)          Corporate Existence. So long as any Notes are outstanding, the 
Company shall not be party to any Fundamental Transaction (as defined in 
the Notes) unless the Company is in compliance with the applicable 
provisions governing Fundamental Transactions set forth in the Notes.
 
(p)         Board of Directors; Size. So long as any Notes are outstanding, 
(i) the Company will have a board of directors consisting of five members, 
of which three will be independent directors who will be mutually 
acceptable to the Company and MDB Capital Group LLC; (ii) subject to any 
legal rights under Delaware law of the shareholders, the number of members 
who shall constitute the board of directors of the Company, may be changed 
only with the approval of MDB Capital Group LLC, which approval may be 
withheld in its discretion and subject to reasonable conditions, including 
the requirement of additional independent directors. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, without limiting the ability of 
the parties hereto to amend this Agreement under Section 9(e), Section 4(p) 
of this Agreement may be amended, waived or terminated with the written 
consent of the Company and the Placement Agent, and without the consent of 
any Buyer, and any amendment, waiver or termination of any provision of 
this Agreement made in conformity with the provisions of this Section 4(p) 
shall be binding on all Buyers and holders of Securities, as applicable, 
provided that no such amendment, waiver or termination shall be effective 
to the extent that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of the 
Securities then outstanding or (2) imposes any obligation or liability on 
any Buyer without such Buyer’s prior written consent (which may be granted 
or withheld in such Buyer’s sole discretion).
 

23

 

  
(q)          Intellectual Property Strategy. Within three months after the 
initial issuance of the Notes, the Company will adopt an intellectual 
property strategy reasonably acceptable to MDB Capital Group LLC, and 
provide a detailed written statement of the strategy to the Buyers.
 
(r)          Incentive Equity. The Company may adopt an incentive stock or 
equity award plan, the terms of which are reasonably acceptable to MDB 
Capital Group LLC, which plan provides for awards of shares equal to no 
more than twenty percent (20%) of the number of fully diluted shares of 
Common Stock as of the date immediately after the issuance of the Notes and 
the warrants being issued to MDB Capital Group LLC. Any such plan will not 
be amended to increase the number of shares subject thereto until one (1) 
year after the Company becomes an issuer reporting under the 1934 Act, or 
upon the approval of MDB Capital Group LLC.
 
(s)          Independent Accountants. Within three months after the date of 
initial issuance of the Notes, the Company will engage independent 
certified public accountants, which firm is actively registered with the 
PCAOB, to perform an audit of the financial statements that would be 
necessary and sufficient to meet the filing requirements of a registration 
statement for the registration of securities of the Company either for 
issuance by the Company or resale of the Conversion Shares, which audit 
will be completed no later than nine (9) months after the date of the 
initial issuance of the Notes.
 
(t)          Lock Up. In connection with any initial public offering, the 
Company will use its best efforts to obtain lock-up agreements from all its 
officer, directors, and employees, from any direct or beneficial holders of 
five percent (5%) or more of the shares of Common Stock of the Company, and 
from MDB Capital Group LLC and any beneficial holders of shares of Common 
Stock who are affiliates of MDB Capital Group LLC in respect of shares of 
Common Stock issued under any agreement for the provision of patent and 
intellectual property services and issuable or issued upon exercise of any 
warrants issued in connection with the offering by the Company of the Notes 
(for clarity, the lock up will not apply to any other shares of Common 
Stock, including any shares of Common Stock acquired in the public 
markets); the foregoing lock up to extend for a period of 12 months after 
the effective date of the registration statement for such initial public 
offering. Additionally, each Buyer agrees to enter into any lock-up 
agreement reasonably and customarily requested by the underwriters of any 
initial public offering of the securities of the Company, which lock up 
provisions may be for a period of up to 180 days after the effective date 
of the registration statement for such initial public offering.
 

24

 

 
(u)          Market Stand-Off. In connection with the initial public 
offering of the Company’s securities, if any, and upon request of the 
managing or lead underwriter made to the Company in connection with such 
offering, each Buyer will agree with the Company and the underwriter not to 
sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option for the purchase of, 
or otherwise dispose of any securities of the Company however or whenever 
acquired (other than those included in the registration, if any) without 
the prior written consent of the managing or lead underwriter of such 
offering, for a period of time (not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) 
days) from the effective date of such registration as may be requested by 
the Company or such managing underwriters and to execute an agreement 
reflecting requirements binding on such Buyer that are substantially 
consistent with this Section 4 as may be requested by the underwriters at 
the time of the such offering; provided, however that, if during the last 
seventeen (17) days of the restricted period the Company issues an earnings 
release or material news or a material event relating to the Company 
occurs, or prior to the expiration of the restricted period the Company 
announces that it will release earnings results during the sixteen (16) day 
period beginning on the last day of the restricted period, then, upon the 
request of the managing underwriter, to the extent required by any FINRA 
rules, the restrictions imposed by this Section 4 shall continue to apply 
until the end of the third (3rd) trading day following the expiration of 
the fifteen (15) day period beginning on the issuance of the earnings 
release or the occurrence of the material news or material event. In no 
event will the restricted period extend beyond two hundred sixteen (216) 
days after the effective date of the registration statement. In order to 
enforce the restriction set forth above or any other restriction agreed by 
Buyer, including without limitation any restriction requested by the 
underwriters of any initial public offering of the securities of the 
Company agreed by such Buyer, the Company may impose stop-transfer 
instructions with respect to any security acquired under or subject to this 
Agreement until the end of the applicable stand-off period. The Company’s 
underwriters shall be beneficiaries of the agreement set forth in this 
Section 4.
 
5. 	REGISTER; TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS; LEGEND.
 
(a)          Register. The Company shall maintain at its principal 
executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may 
designate by notice to each holder of Securities), a register for the Notes 
and, if issued, the Conversion Shares in which the Company shall record the 
name and address of the Person in whose name the Notes and/or Conversion 
Shares have been issued (including the name and address of each 
transferee), the principal amount of the Notes or aggregate number of 
Conversion Shares held by such Person, and any tax related information 
required to be maintained. The Company shall keep the register open and 
available at all times during business hours for inspection of any Buyer or 
its legal representatives. After the Company appoints an independent 
transfer agent for its Common Stock, the requirements of this Section 5(a) 
as to the Conversion Shares will cease upon the transfer of the data 
regarding the Conversion Shares to such transfer agent.
 
(b)          Transfer Agent Instructions. If a Buyer effects a sale, 
assignment or transfer of the Conversion Shares, the Company shall permit 
the transfer and shall promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or 
more certificates or credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at 
the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) in such name and in such denominations 
as specified by such Buyer to effect such sale, transfer or assignment. In 
the event that such sale, assignment or transfer involves Conversion Shares 
sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an effective registration 
statement or in compliance with Rule 144, the transfer agent shall issue 
such shares to such Buyer, assignee or transferee (as the case may be) 
without any restrictive legend in accordance with Section 5(d) below. The 
Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations under this 
Section 5(b) will cause irreparable harm to each Buyer. Accordingly, the 
Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations 
under this Section 5(b) will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a 
breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this 
Section 5(b), that each Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other 
available remedies, to an order and/or injunction restraining any breach 
and requiring immediate issuance and transfer, without the necessity of 
showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being 
required. The Company shall cause its counsel to issue the legal opinion 
referred to in the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to the Company’s 
transfer agent on each Effective Date (as defined and provided in the 
Registration Rights Agreement), provided that the applicable Buyer(s) or 
its or their representatives and/or brokers have provided the documentation 
to counsel reasonably necessary or required for the basis of such legal 
opinion. Any fees (with respect to the transfer agent, counsel to the 
Company or otherwise) associated with the issuance of such opinion or the 
removal of any legends on any of the Securities shall be borne by the 
Company.
 

25

 

  
(c)          Legends. Each Buyer understands that the Securities have been 
issued (or will be issued in the case of the Conversion Shares) pursuant to 
an exemption from registration or qualification under the 1933 Act and 
applicable state securities laws, and except as set forth below, the 
Securities shall bear any legend as required by the “Blue Sky” laws of any 
state and a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a 
stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such stock 
certificates):
     
    [NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
    CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE
    CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN]/[THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
    HAVE NOT BEEN] REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
    OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
    FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN
    EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE
    SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE
    HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE
    TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR
    (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
    144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY
    BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN
    OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.
 

26

 

 
(d)          Removal of Legends. Certificates evidencing Securities shall 
not be required to contain the legend set forth in Section 5(c) above or 
any other legend (i) while a registration statement (including a 
Registration Statement) covering the resale of such Securities is effective 
under the 1933 Act, (ii) following any sale of such Securities pursuant to 
Rule 144 (assuming the transferor is not an affiliate of the Company), 
(iii) if such Securities are eligible to be sold, assigned or transferred 
under Rule 144 (provided that a Buyer provides the Company with reasonable 
assurances that such Securities are eligible and will remain for sale, 
assignment or transfer under Rule 144 which shall not include an opinion of 
counsel), (iv) in connection with a sale, assignment or other transfer 
(other than under Rule 144), provided that such Buyer provides the Company 
with an opinion of counsel to such Buyer, in a generally acceptable form, 
to the effect that such sale, assignment or transfer of the Securities may 
be made and thereafter made without registration under the applicable 
requirements of the 1933 Act or (v) if such legend is not required under 
applicable requirements of the 1933 Act (including, without limitation, 
controlling judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the SEC 
provided that Buyer provides the Company with a reasonable description of 
the authority Buyer is relying upon). If the Company is a Reporting Company 
and a legend is not required pursuant to the foregoing, the Company shall 
no later than two (2) Business Days following the delivery by a Buyer to 
the Company or the transfer agent (with notice to the Company) of a 
legended certificate representing such Securities (endorsed or with stock 
powers attached, signatures guaranteed, and otherwise in form necessary to 
affect the reissuance and/or transfer, if applicable), together with any 
other deliveries from such Buyer as may be required above in this Section 
5(d), as directed by such Buyer, either: (A) provided that the Company’s 
transfer agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities 
Transfer Program and such Securities are Conversion Shares, credit the 
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which such Buyer shall be 
entitled to such Buyer’s or its designee’s balance account with the DTC 
through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (B) if the Company’s 
transfer agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities 
Transfer Program, issue and dispatch for delivery (via reputable overnight 
courier) to such Buyer, a certificate representing such Securities that is 
free from all restrictive and other legends, registered in the name of such 
Buyer or its designee (the date by which such credit is so required to be 
made to the balance account of such Buyer’s or such Buyer’s nominee with 
DTC or such certificate is required to be delivered to such Buyer pursuant 
to the foregoing is referred to herein as the “Required Delivery Date”).
 
(e)          Failure to Timely Deliver; Buy-In. If the Company is a 
Reporting Company and the Company improperly fails to (i) issue and 
dispatch for delivery (or cause to be so dispatched) to a Buyer by the 
Required Delivery Date a certificate representing the Securities so 
delivered to the Company by such Buyer that is free from all restrictive 
and other legends or (ii) credit the balance account of such Buyer’s or 
such Buyer’s nominee with DTC for such number of Conversion Shares so 
delivered to the Company, and if on or after the business day immediately 
following the Required Delivery Date such Buyer (or any other Person in 
respect, or on behalf, of such Buyer) purchases (in an open market 
transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction 
of a sale by such Buyer of all or any portion of the number of shares of 
Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all 
or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, that such Buyer so 
anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, 
then, in addition to all other remedies available to such Buyer, the 
Company shall, within five (5) Business Days after such Buyer’s request and 
in such Buyer’s sole discretion, either (x) pay cash to such Buyer in an 
amount equal to such Buyer’s total purchase price (including brokerage 
commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of 
Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other 
out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the “Buy-In Price”), at which point the 
Company’s obligation to so deliver such certificate or credit such Buyer’s 
balance account shall terminate and such shares shall be cancelled, or (y) 
promptly honor its obligation to so deliver to such Buyer a certificate or 
certificates or credit such Buyer’s DTC account representing such number of 
shares of Common Stock that would have been so delivered if the Company 
timely complied with its obligations hereunder and pay cash to such Buyer 
in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the 
product of (A) such number of shares of Conversion Shares that the Company 
was required to deliver to such Buyer by the Required Delivery Date 
multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any 
Business Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by 
such Buyer to the Company of the applicable Conversion Shares and ending on 
the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (y).
 

27

 

  
6. 	CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY’S OBLIGATION TO SELL.
 
(a)          The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the 
Notes to each Buyer at any Closing in which such Buyer participates is 
subject to the satisfaction, at or before the applicable Closing Date, of 
each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for 
the Company’s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in 
its sole discretion by providing each Buyer with prior written notice 
thereof:
         
        (i)          Such Buyer shall have executed each of the other
        Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same
        to the Company.
         
        (ii)         Such Buyer and each other Buyer shall have delivered
        to the Company the Purchase Price for the Note being purchased by
        such Buyer at the Closing by wire transfer of immediately available
        funds pursuant to the wire instructions provided by the Company.
         
        (iii)        The representations and warranties of such Buyer shall
        be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when
        made and as of the Closing Date as though originally made at that
        time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a
        specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such date),
        and such Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all
        material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions
        required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied
        with by such Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.
         
        (iv)        The Purchase Price for the Note being sold to such
        Buyer shall be held in collected and good funds by the Escrow
        Agent, all in accordance with proceedings and arrangements
        satisfactory to the Company in respect of the Escrow Agent’s
        release of such funds in connection with the Closing in which such
        Buyer is participating.
         
        (v)         All authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of
        any governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States
        or any state that are required in connection with the lawful
        issuance of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be obtained
        and effective as of the Closing.
         
        (vi)        No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree,
        ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
        or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent
        jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the
        transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
         
        (vii)       Such Buyer shall have delivered to the Company such
        other documents, instruments or certificates relating to the
        transactions contemplated by this Agreement as the Company or its
        counsel may reasonably request, and the Company shall be satisfied
        with the documents and proceedings relating to the proposed
        investment by such Buyer.
         

28

 

          
7. 	CONDITIONS TO EACH BUYER’S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE.
 
(a)          The obligation of each Buyer hereunder to purchase its Note 
at any Closing in which such Buyer participates is subject to the 
satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following 
conditions, provided that these conditions are for each Buyer’s sole 
benefit and may be waived by such Buyer at any time in its sole discretion 
by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof:
         
        (i)          The Company shall have duly executed and delivered to
        such Buyer each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
        and the Company shall have duly executed and delivered to such
        Buyer a Note (in such original principal amount as is set forth
        across from such Buyer’s name in column (3) of the Schedule of
        Buyers) being purchased by such Buyer at the Closing pursuant to
        this Agreement.
         
        (ii)         Such Buyer shall have received an opinion of Much
        Shelist, P.C., the Company’s counsel, dated the date of the
        issuance of the Note to such Buyer, stating that the Company is
        duly incorporated, the Transaction Documents have been duly
        authorized, and that the Conversion Shares, if and when issued will
        be duly authorized, fully paid and non-assessable, which opinion
        may be subject to such assumptions and conditions are normally set
        forth in opinions of legal counsel in respect of such matters.
         
        (iii)        The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a
        certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the
        Company in each jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary
        of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction of formation
        as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date.
         
        (iv)        The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a
        certificate or other reasonably acceptable evidence evidencing the
        Company’s qualification as a foreign corporation and good standing
        issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of each
        jurisdiction in which the Company conducts business and is required
        to so qualify, as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing
        Date.
         
        (v)         The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a
        certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation as certified by
        the Secretary of State of the Company’s jurisdiction of
        incorporation within ten (10) days of the Closing Date.
         
        (vi)        The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a
        certificate, in the form acceptable to such Buyer, executed by the
        Secretary of the Company dated as of the Closing Date, as to (i)
        the resolutions consistent with Section 3(b) as adopted by the
        Company’s board of directors in a form reasonably acceptable to
        such Buyer, (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company
        and (iii) the Bylaws of the Company as in effect at the Closing.
         

29

 

         
        (vii)       Each and every representation and warranty of the
        Company shall be true and correct as of the applicable Closing Date
        (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a
        specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such date) and
        the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all
        respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required to
        be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior
        to the Closing Date. Such Buyer shall have received a certificate,
        executed by the President of the Company, dated as of the Closing
        Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may
        be reasonably requested by such Buyer in the form reasonably
        acceptable to such Buyer.
         
        (viii)      The Company shall have obtained all governmental,
        regulatory or third party consents and approvals, if any, necessary
        for the sale of the Securities.
         
        (ix)         No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree,
        ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
        or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent
        jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the
        transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
         
        (x)          Since the date of execution of this Agreement, no
        event or series of events shall have occurred that reasonably would
        have or result in a Material Adverse Effect.
         
        (xi)         In accordance with the terms of the Security
        Documents, the Company shall have delivered to such Buyer copies of
        appropriate financing statements on Form UCC-1 to be duly filed in
        such office or offices and in the offices of the United States
        Patent and Trademark Office as may be necessary or, in the opinion
        of the Buyers, desirable to perfect the security interests
        purported to be created by each Security Document.
         
        (xii)        Within two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing, the
        Company shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to each
        Buyer (i) true copies of UCC search results in the Company’s
        jurisdiction of incorporation, listing all effective financing
        statements which name as debtor the Company filed in the prior five
        years to perfect an interest in any assets thereof, together with
        copies of such financing statements, none of which, except as
        otherwise agreed in writing by the Required Buyers, shall cover any
        of the Collateral (as defined in the Security Documents) and the
        results of searches for any tax lien and judgment lien in the
        jurisdiction of the Company’s principal place of business filed
        against such Person or its property, which results, except as
        otherwise agreed to in writing by the Required Buyers shall not
        show any such Liens (as defined in the Security Documents); and
        (ii) a perfection certificate, duly completed and executed by the
        Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
        Required Buyers.
         

30

 

         
        (xiii)       The Company shall not have amended, modified, waived
        compliance with or terminated, revoked or rescinded in any manner
        or respect (and the Company shall not have taken any action, or
        permitted any action to be taken (whether through the Company’s
        inaction or otherwise), that has a similar effect to any of the
        foregoing) any provision of any of material agreements and all of
        such agreements shall be in full force and effect.
          
        (xiv)      The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a letter
        dated as of the Closing Date, in a form reasonably acceptable to
        such Buyer, executed by the Company (the “Disclosure Letter”); and
         
        (xv)       The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer such
        other documents, instruments or certificates relating to the
        transactions contemplated by this Agreement as such Buyer or its
        counsel may reasonably request.
 
8. 	TERMINATION.
 
(a)          In the event that the Closing shall not have occurred with 
respect to a Buyer within ten (10) days after the date of acceptance of the 
subscription represented by this Agreement hereof, or if later, within ten 
(10) days after such Buyer and the Company have exchanged signature pages 
to the Transaction Documents, then such Buyer shall have the right to 
terminate its obligations under this Agreement with respect to itself at 
any time on or after the close of business on such date without liability 
of such Buyer to any other party; provided, however, (i) the right to 
terminate this Agreement under this Section 8 shall not be available to 
such Buyer if the failure of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement to have been consummated by such date is the result of such 
Buyer’s breach of this Agreement and (ii) the abandonment of the sale and 
purchase of the Notes shall be applicable only to such Buyer providing such 
written notice.
 
(b)          This Agreement immediately will terminate if the Placement 
Agent and the Company give notice to the Escrow Agent of the termination of 
the Offering before the first Closing Date.
 
(c)          This Agreement immediately will terminate as to all Buyers if 
the Company rejects in whole all subscriptions for Notes hereunder and will 
terminate as to any individual Buyer if the Company rejects in who the 
subscription for any Note by such Buyer, regardless of whether or not any 
or all of the respective Purchase Prices have been received by the Escrow 
Agent.
 
(d)          No termination of this Agreement shall affect any obligation 
of the Company under this Agreement to reimburse such Buyer for the 
expenses described in Section 4(g) above. Nothing contained in this Section 
8 shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by 
such party of the terms and provisions of this Agreement or the other 
Transaction Documents or to impair the right of any party to compel 
specific performance by any other party of its obligations under this 
Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.
 

31

 

 
9. 	MISCELLANEOUS.
 
(a)          Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. All questions 
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of 
this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New 
York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law 
provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other 
jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any 
jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby 
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal 
courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the 
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any 
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably 
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any 
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such 
court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient 
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and 
consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by 
mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it 
under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and 
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein 
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any 
manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or 
operate to preclude any Buyer from bringing suit or taking other legal 
action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the 
Company’s obligations to such Buyer or to enforce a judgment or other court 
ruling in favor of such Buyer. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY 
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE 
ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT 
OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
 
(b)          Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same 
agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by 
each party and delivered to the other party. In the event that any 
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e-mail which 
contains a portable document format (.pdf) file of an executed signature 
page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of 
the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with 
the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original 
thereof.
 
(c)          Headings; Gender. The headings of this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the 
interpretation of, this Agreement. Unless the context clearly indicates 
otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, 
feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms “including,” 
“includes,” “include” and words of like import shall be construed broadly 
as if followed by the words “without limitation.” The terms “herein,” 
“hereunder,” “hereof” and words of like import refer to this entire 
Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.
 

32

 

 
(d)          Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited 
by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, 
invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest 
extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or 
unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the 
remaining provisions of this Agreement so long as this Agreement as so 
modified continues to express, without material change, the original 
intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the 
prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in 
question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or 
reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the 
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties 
will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid 
or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of 
which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or 
unenforceable provision(s). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (and without 
implication that the following is required or applicable), it is the 
intention of the parties that in no event shall amounts and value paid by 
the Company, or payable to or received by any of the Buyers, under the 
Transaction Documents (including without limitation, any amounts that would 
be characterized as “interest” under applicable law) exceed amounts 
permitted under any applicable law. Accordingly, if any obligation to pay, 
payment made to any Buyer, or collection by any Buyer pursuant the 
Transaction Documents is finally judicially determined to be contrary to 
any such applicable law, such obligation to pay, payment or collection 
shall be deemed to have been made by mutual mistake of such Buyer, and the 
Company and such amount shall be deemed to have been adjusted with 
retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case 
may be, as would not be so prohibited by the applicable law. Such 
adjustment shall be effected, to the extent necessary, by reducing or 
refunding, at the option of such Buyer, the amount of interest or any other 
amounts which would constitute unlawful amounts required to be paid or 
actually paid to such Buyer under the Transaction Documents. For greater 
certainty, to the extent that any interest, charges, fees, expenses or 
other amounts required to be paid to or received by such Buyer under any of 
the Transaction Documents or related thereto are held to be within the 
meaning of “interest” or another applicable term to otherwise be violative 
of applicable law, such amounts shall be pro-rated over the period of time 
to which they relate.
 

33

 

 
(e)          Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the other 
Transaction Documents and the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and 
thereto and the instruments referenced herein and therein supersede all 
other prior oral or written agreements between the Buyers, the Company, 
their affiliates and Persons acting on their behalf solely with respect to 
the matters contained herein and therein, and this Agreement, the other 
Transaction Documents, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and 
thereto and the instruments referenced herein and therein contain the 
entire understanding of the parties solely with respect to the matters 
covered herein and therein; provided, however, nothing contained in this 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall (or shall be deemed to) 
(i) have any effect on any agreements any Buyer has entered into with, or 
any instruments any Buyer has received from, the Company prior to the date 
hereof with respect to any prior investment made by such Buyer in the 
Company or (ii) waive, alter, modify or amend in any respect any 
obligations of the Company, or any rights of or benefits to any Buyer or 
any other Person, in any agreement entered into prior to the date hereof 
between or among the Company and any Buyer, or any instruments any Buyer 
received from the Company prior to the date hereof, and all such agreements 
and instruments shall continue in full force and effect. Except as 
specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor any Buyer 
makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to 
such matters. For clarification purposes, the Recitals are part of this 
Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by an 
instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Required Buyers (as 
defined below), and any amendment to any provision of this Agreement made 
in conformity with the provisions of this Section 9(e) shall be binding on 
all Buyers and holders of Securities, as applicable, provided that no such 
amendment shall be effective to the extent that it (1) applies to less than 
all of the holders of the Securities then outstanding or (2) imposes any 
obligation or liability on any Buyer without such Buyer’s prior written 
consent (which may be granted or withheld in such Buyer’s sole discretion). 
No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an 
authorized representative of the waiving party, provided that the Required 
Buyers may waive any provision of this Agreement, and any waiver of any 
provision of this Agreement made in conformity with the provisions of this 
Section 9(e) shall be binding on all Buyers and holders of Securities, as 
applicable, provided that no such waiver shall be effective to the extent 
that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of the Securities then 
outstanding (unless a party gives a waiver as to itself only) or (2) 
imposes any obligation or liability on any Buyer without such Buyer’s prior 
written consent (which may be granted or withheld in such Buyer’s sole 
discretion). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to 
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of the 
Transaction Documents unless the same consideration also is offered to all 
of the parties to the Transaction Documents who are holders of Notes. The 
Company has not, directly or indirectly, made any agreements with any 
Buyers relating to the terms or conditions of the transactions contemplated 
by the Transaction Documents except as set forth in the Transaction 
Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company confirms that, 
except as set forth in this Agreement, no Buyer has made any commitment or 
promise or has any other obligation to provide any financing to the Company 
or otherwise. As a material inducement for each Buyer to enter into this 
Agreement, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no due 
diligence or other investigation or inquiry conducted by a Buyer, any of 
its advisors or any of its representatives shall affect such Buyer’s right 
to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be an exception to 
any of, the Company’s representations and warranties contained in this 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (ii) unless a provision of 
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document is expressly preceded by 
the phrase “except as disclosed in the SEC Documents,” nothing contained in 
any of the SEC Documents shall affect such Buyer’s right to rely on, or 
shall modify or qualify in any manner or be an exception to any of, the 
Company’s representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any 
other Transaction Document. “Required Buyers”, at any time all Notes are 
outstanding, means (i) Buyers having Purchase Prices in the aggregate that 
are at least equal to fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate Purchase Prices 
for all Buyers or, at any time some, but less than all of the Notes are 
outstanding means (ii) the Buyers then holding at least fifty percent (50%) 
of the then outstanding principal amount of all Notes outstanding, or, at 
any time no Notes are outstanding but Conversion Shares are outstanding 
(iii) means the Buyers then holding at least fifty percent (50%) of the 
then outstanding Conversion Shares, or at any other time shall have the 
meaning established in clause (i) of this definition. Without limiting the 
power of the Persons contemplated in this Section 9(e) to amend Section 
4(p), such Section 4(p) may also be amended as provided therein.
 
(f)          Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other 
communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this 
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) 
upon receipt, if delivered personally; (ii) when sent, if sent by facsimile 
(provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically 
generated and kept on file by the sending party); (iii) when sent, if sent 
by e-mail (provided that such sent e-mail is kept on file (whether 
electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party 
does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipient’s 
e-mail server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such recipient) 
and (iv) if sent by overnight courier service, one (1) Business Day after 
deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, 
in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The 
addresses, facsimile numbers and e-mail addresses for such communications 
shall be:
 

34

 

  
            If to the Company:
             
              DvineWave Inc.
              207 Veritas Ct.
              San Ramon, CA 94582
                E-mail: mleabman@dvinewave.com
                Attention: Michael Leabman, President
                 
            with a copy (for informational purposes only) to:
             
              Much Shelist, P.C.
              191 N. Wacker Drive, Suite 1800
              Chicago, IL 60606
              Fax Number 312.521.2898
              E-mail: ggrove@muchshelist.com
              Attention: Gregory D. Grove, Esq.
               
If to a Buyer, to its address, facsimile number or e-mail address set forth 
on the Schedule of Buyers, with copies to such Buyer’s representatives as 
set forth on the Schedule of Buyers,
             
            with a copy (for informational purposes only) to:
             
                Golenbock Eiseman Assor Bell & Peskoe LLP
                437 Madison Avenue, 40th Floor
                New York, New York 10022
                Facsimile: (212) 754-0330
                E-mail : ahudders@golenbock.com
                cvandemark@golenbock.com
                Attention: Andrew D. Hudders, Esq. 
                 Carl VanDemark, Esq.
 
or to such other address, facsimile number or e-mail address and/or to the 
attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by 
written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the 
effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by 
the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) 
mechanically or electronically generated by the sender’s facsimile machine 
containing the time, date and recipient facsimile number or (C) provided by 
an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal 
service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from an overnight courier service 
in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iv) above, respectively. A copy of 
the e-mail transmission containing the time, date and recipient e-mail 
address shall be rebuttable evidence of receipt by e-mail in accordance 
with clause (iii) above.
 

35

 

 
(g)          Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and 
assigns, including, as contemplated below, any assignee of any of the 
Securities. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Required 
Buyers; except to in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the 
Notes) where the Company repays in full the outstanding Notes of each Buyer 
or offers each Buyer an election to be repaid in full under such 
outstanding notes contingent only upon consummation of such Change in 
Control. A Buyer may assign some or all of its rights hereunder in 
connection with any transfer of any of its Securities without the consent 
of the Company, in which event such assignee shall be deemed to be a Buyer 
hereunder with respect to such assigned rights.
 
(h)          No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors 
and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be 
enforced by, any other Person, other than the Indemnitees referred to in 
Section 9(k).
 
(i)          Survival. The representations, warranties, agreements and 
covenants shall survive the Closing and shall expire on the conversion of 
the Notes into Conversion Shares. Each Buyer shall be responsible only for 
its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.
 
(j)          Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause 
to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall 
execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments 
and documents, as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry 
out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
(k)          Indemnification. In consideration of each Buyer’s execution 
and delivery of the Transaction Documents and acquiring the Securities 
thereunder and in addition to all of the Company’s other obligations under 
the Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and 
hold harmless each Buyer and each holder of any Securities and all of their 
stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct 
or indirect investors and any of the foregoing Persons’ agents or other 
representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) 
(collectively, the “Indemnitees”) from and against any and all actions, 
causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, 
liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective 
of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which 
indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and disbursements for one (1) counsel to all the Buyers (the “
Indemnified Liabilities”), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or 
arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any 
representation or warranty made by the Company in any of the Transaction 
Documents, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the 
Company contained in any of the Transaction Documents or (c) any cause of 
action, suit, proceeding or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee 
by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action brought 
on behalf of the Company) or which otherwise involves such Indemnitee that 
arises out of or results from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or 
successful enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents, (ii) any 
transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or 
indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, or (iii) 
the status of such Buyer or holder of the Securities either as an investor 
in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents or as a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, 
as a party in interest or otherwise in any action or proceeding for 
injunctive or other equitable relief). To the extent that the foregoing 
undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company 
shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each 
of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law. 
Except as otherwise set forth herein, the mechanics and procedures with 
respect to the rights and obligations under this Section 9(k) shall be the 
same as those set forth in Section 6 of the Registration Rights Agreement. 
No Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification under this Section 9(k) 
to the extent an Indemnified Liability arises out of the gross negligence, 
willful or intentional misconduct or misrepresentation or fraud of such 
Indemnitee or the Buyer to whom such Indemnitee is related. Nothing in this 
Agreement or any of the other transaction documents shall prevent or 
release a claim of the Company against any Buyer for breach of any 
provision of the Transaction Agreement or otherwise.
 

36

 

  
(l)          Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be 
deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual 
intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any 
party. No specific representation or warranty shall limit the generality or 
applicability of a more general representation or warranty. Each and every 
reference to share prices, shares of Common Stock and any other numbers in 
this Agreement that relate to the Common Stock shall be automatically 
adjusted for stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and other 
similar transactions that occur with respect to the Common Stock after the 
date of this Agreement.
 
(m)          Remedies. Each Person having any rights under any provision of 
this Agreement shall have all rights and remedies set forth in the 
Transaction Documents and all rights and remedies which such holders have 
been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of 
the rights which such holders have under any law. Any Person having any 
rights under any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to enforce 
such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security), to 
recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement 
and to exercise all other rights granted by law. Furthermore, the Company 
recognizes that in the event that it fails to perform, observe, or 
discharge any or all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents, 
any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Buyers. The 
Company therefore agrees that the Buyers shall be entitled to seek specific 
performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other 
equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case 
without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond 
or other security.
 
(n)          Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) the 
Transaction Documents, whenever any Buyer exercises a right, election, 
demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not 
timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, 
then such Buyer may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time 
to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or 
election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and 
rights.
 

37

 

 
(o)          Payment Set Aside; Currency. To the extent that the Company 
makes a payment or payments to any Buyer hereunder or pursuant to any of 
the other Transaction Documents or any of the Buyers enforce or exercise 
their rights hereunder or thereunder, and such payment or payments or the 
proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are 
subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set 
aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid 
or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other 
Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, 
foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), 
then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof 
originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full 
force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement 
or setoff had not occurred. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all 
dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents are in United States Dollars (“U.S. Dollars”), and all amounts 
owing under this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents shall be 
paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) 
shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount in accordance 
with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. “Exchange Rate” means, 
in relation to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars 
pursuant to this Agreement, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in 
the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation.
 
(p)          Independent Nature of Buyers’ Obligations and Rights. The 
obligations of each Buyer under the Transaction Documents are several and 
not joint with the obligations of any other Buyer, and no Buyer shall be 
responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other 
Buyer under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any 
other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Buyer pursuant 
hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Buyers as, and the 
Company acknowledges that the Buyers do not so constitute, a partnership, 
an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or 
create a presumption that the Buyers are in any way acting in concert or as 
a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents or any matters, and the Company 
acknowledges that the Buyers are not acting in concert or as a group, and 
the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such 
obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
The decision of each Buyer to purchase Securities pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents has been made by such Buyer independently of any 
other Buyer. Each Buyer acknowledges that no other Buyer has acted as agent 
for such Buyer in connection with such Buyer making its investment 
hereunder and that no other Buyer will be acting as agent of such Buyer in 
connection with monitoring such Buyer’s investment in the Securities or 
enforcing its rights under the Transaction Documents. The Company and each 
Buyer confirms that each Buyer has independently participated with the 
Company in the negotiation of the transaction contemplated hereby with the 
advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Buyer shall be entitled to 
independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without 
limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of any other 
Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Buyer to 
be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The 
use of a single agreement to effectuate the purchase and sale of the 
Securities contemplated hereby was solely in the control of the Company, 
not the action or decision of any Buyer, and was done solely for the 
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to 
do so by any Buyer. It is expressly understood and agreed that each 
provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction 
Document is between the Company and a Buyer, solely, and not between the 
Company and the Buyers collectively and not between and among the Buyers.
 
[Signature pages follow]
 

38

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer and the Company have caused their respective 
signature page to this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first 
written above.
 
  	COMPANY:
  	 
  	DVINEWAVE INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	Name: 	Michael Leabman
  	Title: 	President
 

 

 

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer and the Company have caused their respective 
signature page to this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first 
written above.
 
  	BUYERS: 	 
  	  	 
  	[                                  ] 	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
 
BUYER ADDENDUM RE ESCROW
( this information is required )
 
By signing above the above signed Buyer hereby certifies and confirms that: 
In the event that the Escrow Agent makes a disbursement to the above signed 
Buyer, which may or may not occur, such Buyer hereby confirms that such 
disbursement is to be made by wire transfer using the following wire 
transfer instructions. The Escrow Agent, the Company and the Placement 
Agent can rely on this confirmation and I will not revoke this confirmation 
unless I confirm to the Company on this form replacement wire transfer 
instructions at least two Business Days before revoking this confirmation. 
The Company may instruct the Escrow Agent to, or the Escrow Agent may on 
its own, withhold any such disbursement until the Company is reasonably 
satisfied and the Escrow Agent is satisfied in its sole discretion with the 
instructions and procedures for making such disbursement.
 
Bank Name:
Bank Address:
ABA Number:
Account Number:
Account Name:
Reference:
 

 

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
SCHEDULE OF BUYERS
 
(1) 	  	(2) 	  	(3) 	  	(4) 	  	(5)
Buyer 	  	
Address, E-mail and/or
Facsimile Number
  	
Original
Principal
Amount of
Note
  	
Purchase
Price
  	
Legal Representative’s
Address and Facsimile
Number
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 

 