 EX-10.23 2 bmaq_ex10z23.htm WEBSITE AND PRODUCT BUSINESS ASSET PURCHASE 
AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.23

WEBSITE AND PRODUCT BUSINESS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Website and Product Business Asset Purchase Agreement (the 
Agreement) is made effective on this 15th day of September, 2014, by and 
between Jason Crawford, of 5848 Hoy Road, Wooster, OH 44691 (the Seller), 
and Bright Mountain, LLC of 6400 Congress Avenue, Boca Raton, FL 33487 (the 
Buyer).

WEBSITE PURCHASE

Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement the Seller 
hereby sells and transfers to the Buyer any and all of Sellers rights, 
title and interest in and to the Internet Domain Names, LEWTFM.COM, 
lewtfm.3dcartstores.com, and Police Blotter and all of their respective 
contents (the Websites), and any other rights associated with the 
Websites, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights, 
all related domains, logos, customer lists, email lists, passwords, 
usernames, and trade names; and all of the related social media accounts 
including but not limited to, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Pinterest 
at closing.

PRODUCT BUSINESS PURCHASE

Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement the Seller 
hereby Sells and transfers to the Buyer the tee-shirt and hooded sweatshirt 
business (the Product Business) as marketed under the urls lewtfm.com and 
lewtfm.3dcartstores.com further described as Exhibit A attached hereto and 
incorporated herein at closing. The sale of the business does not include 
any manufacturing equipment, inventory, cash, or accounts receivable. 
Seller will continue producing tee shirts and hooded sweatshirts for Buyer 
for three years as per pricing in Exhibit A and shall begin invoicing Buyer 
monthly beginning October 1, 2014. $2.50 will be added to Exhibit A tee 
shirt pricing for shipping and handling and $5.35 to $9.00, depending on 
geographic zone will be added to hooded sweatshirts for shipping and 
handling. Most items will ship in 3 to 5 days. Revenue for all sales after 
closing shall be transferred to Buyer. Customer returns and customer 
credits or refunds for sales occurring prior to closing will be the 
responsibility of Seller.

PAYMENT TERMS

In consideration for the sale of the Websites and Product Business 
described above the Buyer agrees to pay the Seller the amount of One 
Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars (US $120,000.00) at the September 15, 2014 
closing.  Buyer shall deliver payment to Seller via wire transfer.



------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELLERS OBLIGATIONS

Seller agrees to facilitate and expedite transfer of all Website and 
Product Business Assets listed above at closing. Further, Seller agrees to 
make himself available, at mutually acceptable times, for 1 to 2 hours per 
week by telephone as set forth in the consulting agreement between Seller 
and Buyer being executed simultaneously with this contract.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY THE SELLER

a) The Seller has all necessary right, power and authorization to sign and 
perform all the obligations under this Agreement.

b) The Seller has the exclusive ownership of the Websites and Product 
Business and there are no current disputes or threat of disputes with any 
third party over the proprietary rights to the Websites or any of the 
Websites content or Product Business activities.

c) The execution and performance of this Agreement by the Seller will not 
constitute or result in a violation of any material agreement to which the 
Seller is a party.

INDEMNITY

The Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer against all damages, 
losses or liabilities which may arise with respect to the Websites or 
Product Business its use, operation or content caused by Seller until 
November 15, 2014.

ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS

Seller agrees to cooperate with Purchaser and take any and all actions 
necessary to transfer and perfect the ownership of the Website Registration 
and Hosting from Seller to Buyer, including providing all necessary 
passwords and usernames on the closing date and thereafter. Further, Seller 
agrees to cooperate with Buyer to timely transfer all aspects of the 
Product Business to Buyer.

REVENUE HISTORY

The approximate total revenue of the Product Business for 2013 was 
$123,000.



------------------------------------------------------------------------

NON COMPETE

Seller agrees not to compete with Bright Mountain, LLC with any website 
similar to lewtfm.com, lewtfm.3dcartstores.com, Police Blotter, or the 
Product Business in any internet sale.

NOTICE

All notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be deemed 
delivered when delivered in person or by mail, e-mail, postage prepaid, 
addressed to the appropriate party at the address shown for that party at 
the beginning of this Agreement.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND MODIFICATION

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties. No 
modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be effective unless in 
writing and signed by both parties. This Agreement replaces any and all 
prior agreements between the parties.

INVALIDITY OR SEVERABILITY

If there is any conflict between any provision of this Agreement and any 
law, regulation or decree affecting this Agreement, the provision of this 
Agreement so affected shall be regarded as null and void and shall, where 
practicable, be curtailed and limited to the extent necessary to bring it 
within the requirements of such law, regulation or decree but otherwise it 
shall not render null and void other provisions of this Agreement.

GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Florida.


Signed this 15th day of September, 2014.


Seller:
Jason Crawford
 
 
 
 
Signature:
/s/ Jason Crawford
 
 
Buyer:
Bright Mountain, LLC
 
 
By:
W. Kip Speyer, President
 
 
 
 
Signature:
/s/ W. Kip Speyer




------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT A

[[bmaq_ex10z23002.gif]]


