 EX-10.7 13 s100441_ex10-7.htm EXHIBIT 10.7
 
Exhibit 10.7
 
CB Pharma Acquisition Corp.
24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
 
Gentlemen:
 
CB Pharma Acquisition Corp. (“Company”), a blank check company formed for 
the purpose of acquiring one or more businesses or entities (a “Business 
Combination”), intends to register its securities under the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”), in connection with its initial 
public offering (“IPO”).
 
The undersigned hereby commits to purchase an aggregate of 265,000 units of 
the Company (“Insider Units”), each Insider Unit consisting of one ordinary 
share of the Company, one right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share 
of the Company and one warrant to purchase one half of one ordinary share 
of the Company, for an aggregate purchase price of $2,650,000 (the 
“Purchase Price”). The undersigned will deliver the Purchase Price to 
Graubard Miller (“GM”), counsel for the Company, at least twenty-four hours 
prior to the effective date of the registration statement filed in 
connection with the IPO (“Registration Statement”).
 
The consummation of the purchase and issuance of the Insider Units shall 
occur simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO. Simultaneously with 
the consummation of the IPO, GM shall deposit the Purchase Price, without 
interest or deduction, into the trust fund (“Trust Fund”) established by 
the Company for the benefit of the Company’s public stockholders as 
described in the Registration Statement. If the Company does not complete 
the IPO within six (6) months from the date of this letter (subject to a 
six (6) month extension at the Company’s option in its sole discretion), 
the Purchase Price (without interest or deduction) will be returned to the 
undersigned.
 
Each of the Company and the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that GM is 
serving hereunder solely as a convenience to the parties to facilitate the 
purchase of the Insider Units and GM’s sole obligation under this letter 
agreement is to act with respect to holding and disbursing the Purchase 
Price for the Insider Units as described above. GM shall not be liable to 
the Company or the undersigned or any other person or entity in respect of 
any act or failure to act hereunder or otherwise in connection with 
performing its services hereunder unless GM has acted in a manner 
constituting gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Company shall 
indemnify GM against any claim made against it (including reasonable 
attorney’s fees) by reason of it acting or failing to act in connection 
with this letter agreement except as a result of its gross negligence or 
willful misconduct. GM may rely and shall be protected in acting or 
refraining from acting upon any written notice, instruction or request 
furnished to it hereunder and believed by it to be genuine and to have been 
signed or presented by the proper party or parties.
 
The Private Units will be identical to the units to be sold by the Company 
in the IPO, except that the Warrants included in the Private Units will be 
non-redeemable, may be exercised on a cashless basis and may be exercisable 
for unregistered ordinary shares even if the prospectus relating to the 
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and 
effective, in each case, so long as they continue to be held by the 
undersigned or its permitted transferees. Additionally, the undersigned 
agrees:
     
· 	the undersigned agrees to vote the ordinary shares included in the 
Insider Units in favor of any proposed Business Combination;
             

 

 

             
· 	not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company’s 
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to 
the Company’s pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation 
of such a Business Combination unless the Company provides dissenting 
public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in 
connection with any such vote;
             
· 	not to convert any Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units into 
the right to receive cash from the Trust Fund in connection with a 
shareholder vote to approve either a Business Combination or an amendment 
to the provisions of the Company’s amended and restated memorandum and 
articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business 
combination activity (or sell any Ordinary Shares included in the Private 
Units to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a proposed 
initial Business Combination);
           
· 	the Insider Units and underlying securities will not be transferable 
(except (i) to the Company’s officers, directors and employees, to the 
undersigned’s affiliates, or to its members upon its liquidation, (ii) to 
relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of the 
laws of descent and distribution upon death, (iv) pursuant to a qualified 
domestic relations order, (v) by private sales made in connection with the 
consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price 
at which the Insider Units were originally purchased or (vi) to the Company 
for cancellation in connection with the consummation of a Business 
Combination, in each case (except for clause vi) where the transferee 
agrees to the terms of the transfer restrictions and voting requirements 
set forth in the immediately preceding bullet) until after the completion 
of a Business Combination;
 
· 	the Insider Units will be subject to customary registration rights, 
which shall be described in the Registration Statement;
 
· 	the Undersigned will not participate in any liquidation distribution 
with respect to the Insider Units (and the underlying ordinary shares) (but 
will participate in liquidation distributions with respect to any units or 
ordinary shares purchased by the Undersigned in the IPO or in the open 
market) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination; and
 
· 	the Insider Units will include any additional terms or restrictions as 
is customary in other similarly structured blank check company offerings or 
as may be reasonably required by the underwriters in the IPO in order to 
consummate the IPO, each of which will be set forth in the Registration 
Statement.
 
The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that it will execute agreements in 
form and substance typical for transactions of this nature necessary to 
effectuate the foregoing agreements and obligations prior to the 
consummation of the IPO as are reasonably acceptable to the undersigned.
 
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that, as applicable:
             
(a) 	it has been advised that the Insider Units have not been registered 
under the Securities Act;
             

 

 

             
(b) 	it is acquiring the Insider Units for its account for investment 
purposes only;
             
(c) 	it has no present intention of selling or otherwise disposing of the 
Insider Units in violation of the securities laws of the United States;
             
(d) 	it is an “accredited investor” as defined by Rule 501 of Regulation D 
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;
             
(e) 	it has had both the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers 
from the officers and directors of the Company and all persons acting on 
its behalf concerning the terms and conditions of the offer made hereunder;
             
(f) 	it is familiar with the proposed business, management, financial 
condition and affairs of the Company;
             
(g) 	it has full power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver 
this letter and any documents contemplated herein or needed to consummate 
the transactions contemplated in this letter; and
             
(h) 	this letter constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, and 
is enforceable against it.
 

 

 

 
This letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the 
undersigned and the Company with respect to the purchase of the Insider 
Units, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, 
agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with 
respect to the same.
 
  	  	Very truly yours,
  	  	 
  	  	CORONADO BIOSCIENCES, INC.
  	  	 
  	BY: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
 
Accepted and Agreed: 	 
  	 
CB Pharma Acquisition Corp. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
  	  	 
Graubard Miller 	 
(solely with respect to its obligations to hold 	 
and disburse monies for the Insider Units) 	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	 
  	Name: Jeffrey M. Gallant 	 
  	Title: Partner 	 
 

 

 