 EX-10.8 14 s100441_ex10-8.htm EXHIBIT 10.8
 
Exhibit 10.8
 
        CB Pharma Acquisition Corp.
 
24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
 
Gentlemen:
 
CB Pharma Acquisition Corp. (“Company”), a blank check company formed for 
the purpose of acquiring one or more businesses or entities (a “Business 
Combination”), intends to register its securities under the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”), in connection with its initial 
public offering (“IPO”).
 
The undersigned commits to purchase an aggregate of 20,000 units (“Initial 
Units”) of the Company, each Initial Unit consisting of one ordinary share, 
par value $0.0001 per share of the Company (“Ordinary Shares”), and one 
right (“Right”) each entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an 
Ordinary Share upon consummation of a Business Combination, and one warrant 
(“Warrant”) to purchase one half (1/2) of an Ordinary Share with an 
exercise price of $11.50 per whole share, at $10.00 per Initial Unit, or an 
aggregate purchase price of $200,000 (the “Initial Purchase Price”). 
Additionally, if the underwriters in the IPO exercise their over-allotment 
option in full or part, the undersigned further commits to purchase up to 
an additional 3,000 units (“Additional Units” and together with the Initial 
Units, the “Private Units”) for an aggregate purchase price of $30,000 (the 
“Over-Allotment Purchase Price” and together with the Initial Purchase 
Price, the “Purchase Price”), pro rata with the portion of the 
over-allotment option that was exercised. At least twenty-four (24) hours 
prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement, the undersigned 
will cause the full Purchase Price of $230,000 to be delivered to Graubard 
Miller (“GM”), counsel for the Company, by wire transfer as set forth in 
the instructions attached as Exhibit A to hold in a non-interest bearing 
account until the Company consummates the IPO and over-allotment option, if 
any.
 
The consummation of the purchase and issuance of the Initial Units and 
Additional Units (if any) shall occur simultaneously with the consummation 
of the IPO and over-allotment option (if any), respectively. Simultaneously 
with the consummation of the IPO, GM shall deposit the Initial Purchase 
Price, without interest or deduction, into the trust fund (“Trust Fund”) 
established by the Company for the benefit of the Company’s public 
stockholders as described in the Registration Statement. Simultaneously 
with the consummation of all or any part of the over-allotment option, GM 
shall deposit the pro-rata portion of the Over-Allotment Purchase Price, 
based upon the amount of the over-allotment option that has been exercised, 
without interest or deduction, into the Trust Fund. Upon expiration of the 
over-allotment option, GM shall return any unused portion of the 
Over-Allotment Purchase Price to the undersigned, without interest. If the 
Company does not complete the IPO within six (6) months from the date of 
this letter (subject to a six (6) month extension at the Company’s option 
in its sole discretion), the Purchase Price (without interest or deduction) 
will be returned to the undersigned.
 
Each of the Company and the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that GM is 
serving hereunder solely as a convenience to the parties to facilitate the 
purchase of the Private Units and GM’s sole obligation under this letter 
agreement is to act with respect to holding and disbursing the Purchase 
Price for the Private Units as described above. GM shall not be liable to 
the Company or the undersigned or any other person or entity in respect of 
any act or failure to act hereunder or otherwise in connection with 
performing its services hereunder unless GM has acted in a manner 
constituting gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Company shall 
indemnify GM against any claim made against it (including reasonable 
attorney’s fees) by reason of it acting or failing to act in connection 
with this letter agreement except as a result of its gross negligence or 
willful misconduct. GM may rely and shall be protected in acting or 
refraining from acting upon any written notice, instruction or request 
furnished to it hereunder and believed by it to be genuine and to have been 
signed or presented by the proper party or parties.
 

 

 

 
The Private Units will be identical to the units to be sold by the Company 
in the IPO, except that the Warrants included in the Private Units will be 
non-redeemable, may be exercised on a cashless basis and may be exercisable 
for unregistered ordinary shares even if the prospectus relating to the 
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and 
effective, in each case, so long as they continue to be held by the 
undersigned or its permitted transferees. Additionally, the undersigned 
agrees:
     
· 	to vote the Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units in favor of 
any proposed Business Combination;
         
· 	not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company’s 
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to 
the Company’s pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation 
of such a Business Combination unless the Company provides dissenting 
public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in 
connection with any such vote;
 
· 	not to convert any Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units into 
the right to receive cash from the Trust Fund in connection with a 
shareholder vote to approve either a Business Combination or an amendment 
to the provisions of the Company’s amended and restated memorandum and 
articles of association relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business 
combination activity (or sell any Ordinary Shares included in the Private 
Units to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a proposed 
initial Business Combination);
 
· 	that the Private Units and underlying securities will not be (a) 
transferable until after the completion of a Business Combination except 
(i) to the Company’s officers, directors and employees, to the 
undersigned’s affiliates, or to its members upon its liquidation, (ii) to 
relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of the 
laws of descent and distribution upon death, (iv) pursuant to a qualified 
domestic relations order, (v) by private sales made in connection with the 
consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price 
at which the Private Units were originally purchased or (vi) to the Company 
for cancellation in connection with the consummation of a Business 
Combination, in each case (except for clause vi) where the transferee 
agrees to the terms of the transfer restrictions or (b) sold, transferred, 
assigned, pledged or hypothecated for 180 days following the effective date 
of the Registration Statement, except to any underwriter and selected 
dealer participating in the IPO and their bona fide officers or partners;
 
· 	the Private Units will be subject to customary registration rights, 
pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement on terms agreed upon by the 
Company and the Underwriters to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration 
Statement;
     
· 	notwithstanding anything to the contrary, neither the Private Units nor 
any of the securities underlying the Private Units shall be exercisable 
after the five year anniversary of the effective date of the Registration 
Statement; and
 

 

 

 
· 	the undersigned will not participate in any liquidation distribution 
with respect to the Private Units (but will participate in liquidation 
distributions with respect to any units or Ordinary Shares purchased by the 
Undersigned in the IPO or in the open market) if the Company fails to 
consummate a Business Combination.
 
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that:
             
(a) 	it has been advised that the Private Units have not been registered 
under the Securities Act;
             
(b) 	it is acquiring the Private Units for its account for investment 
purposes only;
             
(c) 	it has no present intention of selling or otherwise disposing of the 
Private Units in violation of the securities laws of the United States;
             
(d) 	it is an “accredited investor” as defined by Rule 501 of Regulation D 
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;
             
(e) 	it has had both the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers 
from the officers and directors of the Company and all persons acting on 
its behalf concerning the terms and conditions of the offer made hereunder;
             
(f) 	it is familiar with the proposed business, management, financial 
condition and affairs of the Company;
             
(g) 	it has full power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver 
this letter and any documents contemplated herein or needed to consummate 
the transactions contemplated in this letter; and
             
(h) 	this letter constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, and 
is enforceable against it.
 
  	  	Very truly yours,
  	  	 
  	  	EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
 
Accepted and Agreed: 	 
  	 
CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
 

 

 

 
Graubard Miller
(solely with respect to its obligations to hold
and disburse monies for the Private Units)
 
By: 	  	 
  	Name: Jeffrey M. Gallant 	 
  	Title: Partner 	 
 

 

 

 
Exhibit A
 

 

 