 EX-10.1 3 a14-19871_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
Employee Stock Option Agreement
 
This Employee Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement), by and between 
Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company
), and the Employee whose name is set forth on Exhibit A hereto, is being 
entered into pursuant to the Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc. 2013 
Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan) and is dated as of the date it is 
accepted and agreed to by the Employee in accordance with Section 7(m).  
Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein shall have the 
respective meanings given to them in the Plan.
 
Section 1.                                          Grant of Options.
 
(a)                                                          Confirmation 
of Grant.  The Company hereby evidences and confirms, effective as of the 
date set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Grant Date), its grant to the 
Employee of the number of options to purchase Shares as set forth on 
Exhibit A hereto (the Options).  The Options are not intended to be 
incentive stock options under the Code.  This Agreement is entered into 
pursuant to, and the terms of the Options are subject to, the terms of the 
Plan.  If there is any inconsistency between this Agreement and the terms 
of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern.
 
(b)                                                          Option Price.  
The Option Price for each Share covered by the Options is the price set 
forth on Exhibit A hereto.
 
Section 2.                                          Vesting and 
Exercisability.
 
(a)                                                          Vesting.  
Except as otherwise provided in Section 2(b) or Section 5 of this 
Agreement, the Options shall become vested, if at all, in the 
percentage(s), and on the vesting date(s) set forth on Exhibit A hereto 
(each, a Vesting Date); provided that if the Employees employment with 
the Company is terminated by reason of the Employees death or Disability 
(either a Special Termination), any Options held by the Employee shall 
immediately vest as of the effective date of such Special Termination.
 
(b)                                                          Discretionary 
Acceleration.  The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate 
the vesting or exercisability of all or a portion of the Options, at any 
time and from time to time.
 
(c)                                                           Exercise.  
Once vested in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the 
Options may be exercised at any time and from time to time prior to the 
date such Options terminate pursuant to Section 3.  Options may only be 
exercised with respect to whole shares of Company Common Stock and must be 
exercised in accordance with Section 4.
 
(d)                                                          No Other 
Accelerated Vesting.  The vesting and exercisability provisions set forth 
in this Section 2 or in Section 5, or expressly set forth in the Plan, 
shall be the exclusive vesting and exercisability provisions applicable to 
the Options and shall supersede any other provisions relating to vesting 
and exercisability, unless such other such provision expressly refers to 
the Plan by name and this Agreement by name and date.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 3.                                          Termination of Options
.
 
(a)                                 Normal Termination Date.  Unless 
earlier terminated pursuant to Section 3(b) or Section 5, the Options shall 
terminate on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date (the Normal 
Termination Date), if not exercised prior to such date.
 
(b)                                 Early Termination.  If the Employees 
employment with the Company terminates for any reason, any Options held by 
the Employee that have not vested before the effective date of such 
termination of employment (determined without regard to any statutory or 
deemed or express contractual notice period) or that do not become vested 
on such date in accordance with Section 2 shall terminate immediately upon 
such termination of employment and, if the Employees employment is 
terminated for Cause, all Options (whether or not then vested or 
exercisable) shall automatically terminate immediately upon such 
termination.  All vested Options held by the Employee following the 
effective date of a termination of employment shall remain exercisable 
until the first to occur of (i) the 90th day following the effective date 
of the Employees termination of employment (or the 180th day in the case 
of a Special Termination or a retirement at normal retirement age) (in each 
case, determined without regard to any statutory or deemed or express 
contractual notice period), (ii) the Normal Termination Date or (iii) the 
cancellation of the Options pursuant to Section 5, and if not exercised 
within such period the Options shall automatically terminate upon the 
expiration of such period.  If, on the first date of the periods set forth 
in Section 3(b)(i), the Option is not exercisable solely due to any of the 
restrictions set forth in Section 4(b)(i), (ii) or (iii), the Option will 
not expire until the earlier of the Normal Termination Date or 90 days 
following the first date on which exercise of the Option ceases to be 
barred by any such restriction.
 
Section 4.                                          Manner of Exercise.
 
(a)                                 General.  Subject to such reasonable 
administrative regulations as the Administrator may adopt from time to 
time, the exercise of vested Options by the Employee shall be pursuant to 
procedures contained in the Plan and such other procedures established by 
the Administrator from time to time and shall include the Employee 
specifying in writing the proposed date on which the Employee desires to 
exercise a vested Option (the Exercise Date), the number of whole shares 
with respect to which the Options are being exercised (the Exercise Shares
) and the aggregate Option Price for such Exercise Shares (the Exercise 
Price), or such other or different requirements as may be specified by the 
Administrator.  On or before any Exercise Date, at the Companys request, 
the Company and the Employee shall enter into a Subscription Agreement that 
establishes the rights and obligations of the Company and the Employee 
relating to the Exercise Shares, in the form then customarily used by the 
Company under the Plan for such purpose.  Unless otherwise determined by 
the Administrator, (i) on or before the Exercise Date the Employee shall 
deliver to the Company full payment for the Exercise Shares in United 
States dollars in cash, or cash equivalents satisfactory to the Company, in 
an amount equal to the Exercise Price plus any required withholding taxes 
or other similar taxes, charges or fees, or, pursuant to a broker-assisted 
exercise program established by the Company, the Employee may exercise 
vested Options by an exercise and sell procedure (cashless exercise) in 
which the Exercise Price (together with any required withholding taxes or 
other similar taxes, charges or fees) is deducted from the proceeds of the 
exercise of an Option and (ii) the Company shall register the issuance of 
the Exercise Shares on its records (or direct
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
such issuance to be registered by the Companys transfer agent).  The 
Administrator may require the Employee to furnish or execute such other 
documents as the Administrator shall reasonably deem necessary (i) to 
evidence such exercise or (ii) to comply with or satisfy the requirements 
of the Securities Act, applicable state or non-U.S. securities laws or any 
other law.
 
(b)                                 Restrictions on Exercise.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Options may not 
be exercised in whole or in part, (i) unless all requisite approvals and 
consents of any governmental authority of any kind shall have been secured, 
(ii) unless the purchase of the Exercise Shares shall be exempt from 
registration under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, and 
applicable non-U.S. securities laws, or the Exercise Shares shall have been 
registered under such laws, (iii) at any time that exercise of the Option 
would violate the Companys insider trading policy and unless, if 
applicable, the Employee has obtained pre-trading clearance for the 
exercise and (iv) unless all applicable U.S. federal, state and local and 
non-U.S. tax withholding requirements shall have been satisfied.  The 
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any 
consents or approvals referred to in clause (i) of the preceding sentence, 
but shall otherwise have no obligations to take any steps to prevent or 
remove any impediment to exercise described in such sentence.
 
Section 5.                                          Change in Control.  In 
the event of a Change in Control, the treatment of any outstanding Options 
shall be governed by Article XIV of the Plan.
 
Section 6.                                          Certain Definitions.  
As used in this Agreement, capitalized terms that are not defined herein 
have the respective meaning given in the Plan, and the following additional 
terms shall have the following meanings:
 
Agreement means this Employee Stock Option Agreement, as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.
 
Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
and any successor thereto.
 
Company means Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc., provided that for 
purposes of determining the status of Employees employment with the 
Company, such term shall include the Company and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries that employ the Employee.
 
Employee means the grantee of the Options, whose name is set forth on 
Exhibit A hereto; provided that for purposes of Section 4 and Section 7, 
following such persons death, Employee shall be deemed to include such 
persons beneficiary or estate and following such Persons Disability, 
Employee shall be deemed to include such persons legal representative.
 
Exercise Date has the meaning given in Section 4(a).
 
Exercise Price has the meaning given in Section 4(a).
 
Exercise Shares has the meaning given in Section 4(a).
 
Grant Date has the meaning given in Section 1(a), which is the date on 
which the Options are granted to the Employee.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Normal retirement age has the meaning provided in the Companys customary 
policies.
 
Normal Termination Date has the meaning given in Section 3(a).
 
Option means the right granted to the Employee hereunder to purchase one 
share of Company Common Stock for a purchase price equal to the Option 
Price subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan.
 
Option Price means, with respect to each share of Company Common Stock 
covered by an Option, the purchase price specified in Section 1(b) for 
which the Employee may purchase such share of Company Common Stock upon 
exercise of an Option.
 
Plan means the Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc. 2013 Omnibus Incentive 
Plan.
 
Special Termination has the meaning given in Section 2(a).
 
Section 7.                                          Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                 Tax Withholding.  The Company or one of 
its Subsidiaries shall require the Employee to satisfy any applicable U.S. 
federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax withholding or other similar 
charges or fees that may arise in connection with the grant, vesting, 
exercise or purchase of the Options.
 
(b)                                 No Rights as Stockholder; No Voting 
Rights.  The Employee shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company 
with respect to any shares of Common Stock covered by the Options until the 
exercise of the Options and delivery of the shares of Common Stock.  No 
adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record 
date is prior to the delivery of the shares of Common Stock.  Any shares of 
Common Stock delivered in respect of the Options shall be subject to any 
Subscription Agreement, which the Company may require the Employee to 
accept and agree to as a condition of the issuance and delivery of such 
shares of Common Stock.
 
(c)                                  No Right to Continued Employment.  
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer on the Employee any 
right to continue in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary, or to 
interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any 
Subsidiary to terminate such employment at any time.
 
(d)                                 Non-Transferability of Options.  The 
Options may be exercised only by the Employee, or, following the Employees 
death, by his designated beneficiary or by his estate in the absence of a 
designated beneficiary.  The Options are not assignable or transferable, in 
whole or in part, and they may not, directly or indirectly, be offered, 
transferred, sold, pledged, assigned, alienated, hypothecated or otherwise 
disposed of or encumbered (including, but not limited to, by gift, 
operation of law or otherwise) other than by will or by the laws of descent 
and distribution to the estate of the Employee upon the Employees death or 
with the Companys consent.
 
(e)                                  Forfeiture of Awards.  The Options 
granted hereunder (and gains earned or accrued in connection therewith) 
shall be subject to such generally applicable policies as to
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
forfeiture and recoupment (including, without limitation, upon the 
occurrence of material financial or accounting errors, financial or other 
misconduct or Competitive Activity) as may be adopted by the Administrator 
or the Board from time to time and communicated to the Employee, and are 
otherwise subject to forfeiture or disgorgement of profits as provided by 
the Plan.
 
(f)                                   Consent to Electronic Delivery.  By 
entering into this Agreement and accepting the Options evidenced hereby, 
the Employee hereby consents to the delivery of information (including, 
without limitation, information required to be delivered to the Employee 
pursuant to applicable securities laws) regarding the Company and its 
Subsidiaries, the Plan, this Agreement and the Options via Company website 
or other electronic delivery.
 
(g)                                  Binding Effect; Benefits.  This 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to 
this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns.  Nothing in 
this Agreement, express or implied, is intended or shall be construed to 
give any person other than the parties to this Agreement or their 
respective successors or assigns any legal or equitable right, remedy or 
claim under or in respect of any agreement or any provision contained 
herein.
 
(h)                                 Waiver; Amendment.
 
    (i)                                     Waiver.  Any party hereto or
    beneficiary hereof may by written notice to the other parties (A)
    extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
    actions of the other parties under this Agreement, (B) waive compliance
    with any of the conditions or covenants of the other parties contained
    in this Agreement and (C) waive or modify performance of any of the
    obligations of the other parties under this Agreement.  Except as
    provided in the preceding sentence, no action taken pursuant to this
    Agreement, including, without limitation, any investigation by or on
    behalf of any party or beneficiary, shall be deemed to constitute a
    waiver by the party or beneficiary taking such action of compliance
    with any representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained
    herein.  The waiver by any party hereto or beneficiary hereof of a
    breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be
    construed as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach and no
    failure by a party or beneficiary to exercise any right or privilege
    hereunder shall be deemed a waiver of such partys or beneficiarys
    rights or privileges hereunder or shall be deemed a waiver of such
    partys or beneficiarys rights to exercise the same at any subsequent
    time or times hereunder.
     
    (ii)                                  Amendment.  This Agreement may
    not be amended, modified or supplemented orally, but only by a written
    instrument executed by the Employee and the Company.
     
(i)                                     Assignability.  Neither this 
Agreement nor any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder 
or by reason hereof shall be assignable by the Company or the Employee 
without the prior written consent of the other party.
 
(j)                                    Applicable Law.  This Agreement 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of Delaware regardless of the application of rules of conflict of law that 
would apply the laws of any other jurisdiction.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(k)                                 Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each party 
hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right 
they may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or 
proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated 
hereby.  Each party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney 
of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other 
party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing 
waiver and (ii) acknowledges that they and the other parties have been 
induced to enter into the Agreement by, among other things, the mutual 
waivers and certifications in this Section 7(k).
 
(l)                                     Section and Other Headings, etc.  
The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for 
reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation 
of this Agreement.
 
(m)                             Acceptance of Options and Agreement.  The 
Employee has indicated his or her consent and acknowledgement of the terms 
of this Agreement pursuant to the instructions provided to the Employee by 
or on behalf of the Company.  The Employee acknowledges receipt of the 
Plan, represents to the Company that he or she has read and understood this 
Agreement and the Plan, and, as an express condition to the grant of the 
Options under this Agreement, agrees to be bound by the terms of both this 
Agreement and the Plan.  The Employee and the Company each agrees and 
acknowledges that the use of electronic media (including, without 
limitation, a clickthrough button or checkbox on a website of the Company 
or a third-party administrator) to indicate the Employees confirmation, 
consent, signature, agreement and delivery of this Agreement and the 
Options is legally valid and has the same legal force and effect as if the 
Employee and the Company signed and executed this Agreement in paper form.  
The same use of electronic media may be used for any amendment or waiver of 
this Agreement.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A to
Employee Stock Option Agreement
 
Employee:
 
 
 
 
 
Grant Date:
, 201
 
 
 
 
Options granted hereby:
 
 
 
 
 
Option Price:
 
 
 
Vesting Date
 
Percentage
Vesting
on such Vesting
Date
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------