 EX-10.6 12 d812282dex106.htm EX-10.6
Exhibit 10.6

INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT
PURSUANT TO
2006 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR
BUSINESS FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
(AS AMENDED)

Participant:

Grant Date: (Grant Date)

Plan under which Options are Granted: 2006 Stock Option Plan for Business 
First Bancshares, Inc. (Plan)

Type of Options: Incentive Stock Options

Number of Shares to which Options are Granted:

Exercise Price per Share:

Vesting Schedule: The Options shall become vested in accordance with 
Schedule 1 hereto.

CERTAIN EARLY DISPOSITIONS OF SHARES PURCHASED UPON EXERCISE OF THIS OPTION 
(GENERALLY, SALE OF THE SHARES WITHIN TWO YEARS OF THE GRANT DATE OR WITHIN 
ONE YEAR OF EXERCISE OF THE OPTION) MAY RESULT IN LOSS OF INCENTIVE STOCK 
OPTION TREATMENT. THE COMPANY RECOMMENDS THAT THE PARTICIPANT CONSULT WITH 
HIS OR HER PERSONAL TAX ADVISOR PRIOR TO EXERCISING ANY OPTIONS.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed and made effective this Option 
as of the Grant Date.
 
BUSINESS FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
By: 	  	 
Its: 	  	Assistant Secretary
 
PARTICIPANT
 
Address: 	  	 
  	 
  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
TO THE INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AWARD
PURSUANT TO
2006 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR
BUSINESS FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
(AS AMENDED)

1. Grant of the Option. The Company hereby grants to the Participant the 
right and option (Option) to purchase the aggregate number of shares of 
common stock (Stock), $1.00 par value per share, of Business First 
Bancshares, Inc. (Company) as set forth on page 1 (such number being 
subject to adjustment as provided herein) on the terms and conditions set 
forth in this Agreement and the Plan. Once vested, the Option awarded under 
this Agreement may be exercised in whole at any time or in part from time 
to time, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the 
Plan. The Option granted under this Agreement is intended to qualify as an 
incentive stock option under section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (Code), and shall be so construed. The Participant shall 
have no obligation to exercise any Option granted by this Agreement.

2. Exercise Price. The price per share at which the Participant shall be 
entitled to purchase shares of Stock upon the exercise of this Option shall 
be the Exercise Price per Share set forth on page 1, subject to adjustment 
as provided in Paragraph 11 (Exercise Price), which Exercise Price shall 
be not less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date that 
the Option is granted and, with respect to a Controlling Participant (as 
defined in the Plan), not less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the 
Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date that the Option is 
granted.

3. Vesting and Term of the Option.

(a) General. The right to exercise the Option shall vest in the hands of 
the Participant as provided for on Schedule 1 of this Agreement. Shares for 
which Options have vested shall be referred to as Vested Shares. Shares 
for which Options have not vested shall be referred to as Nonvested 
Shares. The respective numbers of Vested Shares and Nonvested Shares shall 
adjust proportionately in accordance with any adjustments made pursuant to 
Paragraph 11 of this Agreement. In addition, shares may become Vested 
Shares in accordance with Paragraphs 8 and 14.

(b) Exercisable for Whole Vested Shares Only. Subject to the relevant 
provisions and limitations contained herein, the Participant may exercise 
the Option to purchase all or part of whole Vested Shares. In no event 
shall the Participant be entitled to exercise the Option with respect to 
Nonvested Shares or a fraction of a Vested Share.

(c) Expiration. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein to the 
contrary, the unexercised portion of the Option(s), if any, will 
automatically and without notice expire upon the earliest of: (i) ten (10) 
years following the Grant Date and, in the case of a Controlling 
Participant, not more than five (5) years from the Grant Date and (ii) the 
date determined pursuant to Paragraph 8 of this Agreement (Expiration 
Date). An Option will cease to be exercisable with respect to a share of 
Stock when the Participant purchases the share.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Method of Exercising Option.

(a) Subject to the provisions provided herein or incorporated by reference, 
the Participant may exercise the Option at any time on or prior to the 
Expiration Date with respect to all or any part of the Vested Shares by 
delivering to the Company, at its principal place of business, a written 
notice of exercise in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, 
accompanied by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price multiplied by 
the number of Vested Shares then being purchased.

(b) The notice of exercise must be signed by the Participant; provided 
however, that if the Option is being exercised by a person or persons other 
than the Participant pursuant to Paragraph 8, the notice of exercise must 
be signed by such other person or persons and must be accompanied by proof 
acceptable to the Company of the legal right of such person or persons to 
exercise the Option.

(c) Upon acceptance of such notice and receipt of payment in full of the 
purchase price for the shares of Stock for which the Option is being 
exercised, the Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) a certificate 
evidencing the shares of Stock acquired as a result of the exercise of the 
Option. In the event that the exercise of the Option is treated in part as 
the exercise of an ISO and in part as the exercise of a NQSO in accordance 
with Paragraph 15, the Company shall issue a certificate evidencing the 
shares of Stock treated as acquired upon the exercise of an ISO and a 
separate certificate evidencing the shares of Stock treated as acquired 
upon the exercise of a NQSO, and shall identify each such certificate 
accordingly in its stock transfer records.

(d) No purported exercise of an Option shall be effective and no shares of 
Stock shall be issued to the Participant upon exercise of the Option until: 
(i) the Exercise Price for the shares of Stock being purchased is paid in 
full in the manner provided in this Agreement; (ii) all applicable taxes 
required to be withheld have been paid in full; and (iii) the approvals, if 
any, of all governmental authorities required in connection with the 
Option, or the issuance of Shares pursuant to this Agreement, have been 
received by the Company.

5. Method of Payment for Options. The Exercise Price shall be payable 
either in (i) United States dollars in cash or by check, bank draft, money 
order or wire transfer of good funds payable to the Company; (ii) upon 
conditions established by the Committee, after February 1, 2009, by 
delivery of shares of Stock owned by the Participant for at least six (6) 
months prior to the date of exercise; or (iii) by a combination of (i) and 
(ii).

6. Tax Withholding. As a condition to the exercise of this Option, the 
Company shall have the right to require that the Participant (or the 
recipient of any shares of Stock) remit to the Company an amount calculated 
by the Company to be sufficient to satisfy applicable federal, state, 
foreign or local withholding tax requirements (or make other arrangements 
satisfactory to the Company with regard to such taxes) prior to the 
delivery of any certificate evidencing shares of Stock. If permitted by the 
Company, either at the time of the grant of the Option or in connection 
with its exercise, the Participant may satisfy applicable withholding tax 
requirements by delivering a number of whole shares of Stock owned by the 
Participant for at least six (6) months prior to the date of exercise and 
having a Fair Market Value (determined on the date that the amount of tax 
to be withheld is to be fixed) at least equal to the aggregate amount 
required to be withheld.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Notice of Disposition. As a condition to the exercise of this Option, 
the Participant agrees to inform the Company promptly of any disposition 
(within the meaning of section 424(c) of the Code and the regulations 
thereunder) of Stock received upon exercise of the Option.

8. Termination of Employment.

(a) Death. Upon the death of the Participant, any and all Options granted 
to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement that are Nonvested Shares as 
of the date of the Participants death shall expire as of the date of the 
Participants death, and all Options held by the Participant that are 
Vested Shares as of the date of the Participants death may be exercised 
only by the Participants legal representatives, heirs, legatees, or 
distributees and only within a period of twelve (12) months following the 
date of the Participants death, after which time the Options shall expire.

(b) Disability. If the Participant ceases to be an employee of the Company 
during the term of this Option by reason of the Participants disability 
(as defined in section 22(e)(3) of the Code), any and all Options granted 
to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement that are Nonvested Shares as 
of the date that the Participant ceases to be an employee shall expire as 
of such termination date; provided, however, that the Options held by the 
Participant that are exercisable as of the date that the Participant ceases 
to be an employee may be exercised only by the Participant or his guardian 
or legal representative and must be exercised within a period of twelve 
(12) months following the date that the Participant ceases to be an 
employee, after which time the Options shall expire unless the Participant 
dies during such period, in which event the provisions of Paragraph 8(a) 
shall govern.

(c) Resignation. Upon the resignation by the Participant as an employee of 
the Company during the term of this Option, any and all Options evidenced 
by this Agreement that are Nonvested Shares as of the date that the 
Participants resignation becomes effective shall expire immediately upon 
the effectiveness thereof; and any and all Options evidenced by this 
Agreement that are Vested Shares as of the date that the Participants 
resignation becomes effective shall be exercisable for the period of time 
not to extend beyond the remainder of the term of the Option or three 
months from the date that the Participants resignation becomes effective, 
whichever is earlier. Any Option or portion thereof not exercised prior to 
such date shall expire at such time unless the Participant dies during such 
period, in which case the provisions of Paragraph 8(a) shall govern.

(d) Termination by the Company. If the Participants employment with the 
Company is terminated by the Company during the term of this Option (other 
than as a result of Participants death, disability or resignation or for 
Cause), any and all Vested Shares shall be exercisable for the period of 
time not to extend beyond the remainder of the term of the Option or three 
months from the date of termination, whichever is earlier. Any Option or 
portion thereof not exercised prior to such date shall expire at such time 
unless the Participant dies during such period, in which case the 
provisions of Paragraph 8(a) shall govern. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
if the Participants employment with the Company is terminated by the 
Company for Cause (as defined in the Plan), the unexercised portion of this 
Option shall become null and void on the date of such termination.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
9. Nontransferability. The Option evidenced by this Agreement is 
nontransferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution 
and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the 
Participant (or in the event of his disability (as defined in section 
22(e)(3) of the Code), by his guardian or legal representative) and after 
his death, only by the Participants legal representatives, heirs, 
legatees, or distributees.

10. Special Limitation on Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, no purported exercise of this Option shall be effective without 
the approval of the Committee, which shall be a condition to the exercise 
of this Option and may be withheld to the extent that the exercise, either 
individually or in the aggregate together with the exercise of other 
previously exercised stock options and/or offers and sales pursuant to any 
prior or contemplated offering of securities, would, in the sole and 
absolute judgment of the Committee, require the filing of a registration 
statement with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or with 
the securities commission of any state. If a registration statement is not 
in effect under the Securities Act of 1933 or any applicable state 
securities law with respect to the shares of Stock purchasable or otherwise 
deliverable under the Option, the Participant (i) shall deliver to the 
Company, prior to the exercise of the Option or as a condition to the 
delivery of Stock pursuant to the exercise of the Option, such information, 
representations and warranties as the Company may reasonably request in 
order for the Company to be able to satisfy itself that the shares of Stock 
are being acquired in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption 
from the securities registration requirements of applicable federal and 
state securities laws and (ii) shall agree that the shares of Stock so 
acquired will not be disposed of except pursuant to an effective 
registration statement, unless the Company shall have received an opinion 
of counsel that such disposition is exempt from such requirement under the 
Securities Act of 1933 and any applicable state securities law.

11. Adjustments on Changes in Shares. In the event of any change in the 
outstanding shares of Stock by reason of any merger, reorganization, 
consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock 
split, spinoff, combination or exchange of shares or other corporate 
change, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may make such substitution 
or adjustment, if any, as it deems to be equitable or appropriate, as to 
(i) the number or kind of shares subject to the Option; (ii) subject to the 
limitation contained in Paragraph 16, the Exercise Price applicable to the 
Option; (iii) any measure of performance that relates to the Option in 
order to reflect such change in the Stock and/or (iv) any other affected 
terms of the Option.

12. Amendment and Termination. Subject to the terms and provisions of the 
Plan, this Agreement may be amended or terminated only by a written 
agreement executed by the Company and the Participant. The amendment or 
termination of the Plan shall not operate to modify the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement or any Option evidenced by this Agreement 
without the Participants consent, and, notwithstanding the termination of 
the Plan, such Agreement and Option shall be construed in accordance with 
the substantive provisions of the Plan as necessary to give effect to this 
Agreement or any Option still in existence.

13. Legend on Stock Certificates. Certificates evidencing the shares of 
Stock issued upon exercise of an Option, to the extent appropriate at the 
time, shall have noted conspicuously on the certificates a legend intended 
to give all persons full notice of the existence of the conditions, 
restrictions, rights and obligations set forth herein and in the Plan.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. Qualified Status of Option. To the extent that the aggregate Fair 
Market Value (determined as of the time of grant) of the shares of Stock 
with respect to which Options designated as Options are exercisable for the 
first time by any employee during any calendar year (under all plans of the 
Company) exceeds $100,000, that portion shall be treated as a non-qualified 
stock option. For purposes of this section, Options shall be taken into 
account in the order in which they were granted.

15. Repricing. The Committee shall not, without the further approval of the 
Board of Directors, (i) authorize the amendment of this Option to reduce 
the Exercise Price of this Option or (ii) grant a replacement Option upon 
the surrender and cancellation of this Option for the purpose of reducing 
the Exercise Price of this Option. Nothing contained in this section shall 
affect the right of the Committee to make any adjustment permitted under 
Paragraph 11.

16. No Rights as a Shareholder. Notwithstanding the exercise of an Option, 
a Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to shares 
covered by an Option until the date the certificates evidencing the shares 
of Stock are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of 
the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No 
adjustment will be made for dividends or other rights the record date for 
which is prior to the date of issuance. Upon issuance of the certificates 
evidencing the shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of an Option, such 
shares of Stock shall be deemed to be transferred for purposes of section 
421 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

17. Repurchase Right. The Participant acknowledges and agrees to the 
Companys Repurchase Right as set forth in Section 13 of the Plan.

18. Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a 
Paragraph, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference will be to a Paragraph of, 
or Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The 
headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only 
and will not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this 
Agreement or any Option. Whenever the words include, includes or 
including are used in this Agreement, they will be deemed to be followed 
by the words without limitation. The words hereof, herein and 
hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement will 
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision in 
this Agreement. Each use herein of the masculine, neuter or feminine gender 
will be deemed to include the other genders. Each use herein of the plural 
will include the singular and vice versa, in each case as the context 
requires or as is otherwise appropriate. The word or is used in the 
inclusive sense. Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred 
to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein 
means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time amended, 
modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or 
instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes) by 
succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all 
attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References to a 
person are also to its permitted successors or assigns. No provision of 
this Agreement is to be construed to require, directly or indirectly, any 
person to take any action, or omit to take any action, which action or 
omission would violate applicable law (whether statutory or common law), 
rule or regulation.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement 
and any Option granted hereunder shall be determined in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Louisiana, without reference to the laws that might 
otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law.

20. Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be 
made hereunder or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement shall be in 
writing, duly signed by the party giving such notice or communication and 
shall be deemed to have been properly delivered if delivered personally or 
by a recognized overnight courier service, or sent by first-class certified 
or registered mail, postage prepaid, as follows (or at such other address 
for a party as shall be specified by like notice): (i) if given to the 
Company, at its principal place of business, and (ii) if to the 
Participant, at the address set forth on page 1. Any notice properly given 
hereunder shall be effective on the date on which it is actually received 
by the party to whom it was addressed; provided however, that for a notice 
of exercise to be effective, such notice must be in conformity with the 
Plan and this Agreement, as reasonably determined by the Committee, in its 
discretion.

21. Entire Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this 
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties 
with regard to the Options granted hereby and supersedes all prior 
agreements, arrangements and understandings relating to the subject matter 
hereof.

22. Incorporation By Reference; Relationship to Plan. This Agreement is 
being executed and delivered pursuant to the Plan, all of the terms of 
which are incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, this 
Agreement. To the extent not specifically provided in this Agreement or 
otherwise required by context, all capitalized terms used in this Agreement 
but not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the 
Plan. In the event of an irreconcilable conflict between the terms of the 
Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall prevail. The Company 
shall provide a copy of the Plan to the Participant upon written request to 
the Company at its principal place of business. By the execution of this 
Agreement, the Participant acknowledges this Agreement and the Options are 
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF
STOCK OPTION TO PURCHASE
COMMON STOCK OF
BUSINESS FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.

Participant Name:
 
Address 	  	 
 
Date 	  	 

Business First Bancshares, Inc.
5110 Corporate Boulevard
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70808
Attn: President
 
  	Re: 	Exercise of Incentive Stock Option

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to the provisions of the 2006 Stock Option Plan for Business First 
Bancshares, Inc. (Plan), I hereby give notice to Business First 
Bancshares, Inc., a Louisiana corporation (the Company) of my election to 
exercise options granted to me to purchase                      shares of 
common stock of the Company under the Incentive Stock Option Award 
Agreement (Agreement) dated as of                     . The purchase 
shall take place as of                     ,                      
(Exercise Date). All capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, 
herein shall have the meanings given them in the Agreement.


On or before the Exercise Date, I will pay the applicable purchase price as 
follows:

[    ] by delivery of cash or check, bank draft, money order or wire 
transfer of good funds payable to the Company in the amount of $            
        , which amount represents the full purchase price of the shares of 
Stock to be issued upon exercise hereof.

[    ] if permitted by the Committee after February 1, 2009, and upon any 
such conditions imposed by the Committee, by delivery of                    
  whole shares of Stock owned by me prior to the Exercise Date.

[    ] by delivery of cash or check, bank draft, money order or wire 
transfer of good funds payable to the Company in the amount of $            
        , which amount represents a portion of the purchase price of the 
shares of Stock to be issued upon exercise hereof and, if permitted by the 
Committee after February 1, 2009, and upon any such conditions imposed by 
the Committee, by delivery of                      shares of Stock owned by 
me prior to the Exercise Date.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The required federal, state, foreign and local income tax withholding 
obligations, if any, on the exercise of the Option shall be satisfied on or 
before the Exercise Date in the manner provided in the Agreement. As soon 
as the stock certificate is registered in my name, please deliver it to me 
at address set forth above.

Unless the shares to be issued upon the exercise of the Option evidenced by 
this notice are registered for issuance to and resale by me pursuant to an 
effective registration statement on Form S-8 (or successor form) filed 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), I hereby 
represent, warrant, covenant, and agree with the Company as follows:

1. The shares of Stock being acquired by me will be acquired for my own 
account without the participation of any other person, with the intent of 
holding the Stock for investment and without the intent of participating, 
directly or indirectly, in a distribution of the Stock and not with a view 
to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution of the Stock, nor am 
I aware of the existence of any distribution of the Stock.

2. I am not acquiring the Stock based upon any representation, oral or 
written, by any person with respect to the future value of, or income from, 
the Stock but rather upon an independent examination and judgment as to the 
prospects of the Company.

3. The Stock was not offered to me by means of publicly disseminated 
advertisements or sales literature, nor am I aware of any offers made to 
other persons by such means.

4. I am able to bear the economic risks of the investment in the Stock, 
including the risk of a complete loss of my investment therein.

5. I understand and agree that the Stock will be issued and sold to me 
without registration under any federal or state law relating to the 
registration of securities for sale, and will be issued and sold in 
reliance on the exemptions from registration under federal and applicable 
state securities laws.

6. The Stock cannot be offered for sale, sold or transferred by me other 
than pursuant to an effective registration under the Securities Act or in a 
transaction otherwise in compliance with the Securities Act and evidence 
satisfactory to the Company of compliance with the applicable securities 
laws of other jurisdictions. The Company shall be entitled to rely upon an 
opinion of counsel satisfactory to it with respect to compliance with the 
above laws.

7. The Company will be under no obligation to register the Stock or to 
comply with any exemption available for sale of the Stock without 
registration or filing, and the information or conditions necessary to 
permit routine sales of securities of the Company under Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act are not now available and no assurance has been given that 
it or they will become available. The Company is under no obligation to act 
in any manner so as to make Rule 144 available with respect to the Stock.

8. I have had complete access to and the opportunity to review and make 
copies of all material documents related to the business of the Company, 
including, but not limited to, contracts, financial statements, tax 
returns, leases, deeds and other books and records. I have examined such of 
these documents as I wished and am familiar with the business and affairs 
of the Company. I realize that the purchase of the Stock is a speculative 
investment.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
9. I have had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from 
the Company and any person acting on its behalf and to obtain all material 
information reasonably available with respect to the Company and its 
affairs. I have received all information and data with respect to the 
Company which I have requested and which I have deemed relevant in 
connection with the evaluation of the merits and risks of my investment in 
the Company.

10. I have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters 
that I am capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the purchase of the 
Stock hereunder and I am able to bear the economic risk of such purchase.

11. The agreements, representations, warranties and covenants made by me 
herein extend to and apply to all of the Stock issued to me pursuant to the 
Agreement, and the Company is entitled to rely on these agreements, 
representations, warranties and covenants in issuing the shares of Stock 
upon the exercise of the Option evidenced by this notice. Acceptance by me 
of the certificate representing such Stock shall constitute a confirmation 
by me that all such agreements, representations, warranties and covenants 
made herein shall be true and correct at that time.
 
Very truly yours,
 

 

 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:
BUSINESS FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
Date: 	  	 
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1

VESTING SCHEDULE

INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AWARD ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE
2006 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR
BUSINESS FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.
(AS AMENDED)

Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Agreement, the Options shall 
become Vested Shares in accordance with the following schedule:
 

Date

   	Number
of
Vested
Shares