 EX-10.1 2 a14-24255_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
 
CANTEL MEDICAL CORP.
 
ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
 
PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
 
Purpose and Objectives
 
The purpose of the Incentive Compensation Plan (Plan) is to contribute to 
the motivation of key employees in accomplishing the Companys goals.  The 
objectives of the Plan are as follows:
 
  ·                  Clearly communicate and reinforce strategic,
  operational and financial objectives.
   
  ·                  Provide a competitive incentive for achievement of
  corporate and divisional goals on both an individual and team basis.
   
  ·                  Establish an objective basis for determining annual
  awards.
   
Plan Definitions
 
Certain words or phrases used in this plan document are defined as follows:
 
  ·                  Award  An annual incentive compensation award.
   
  ·                  Base Salary  Base salary as of July 31st of the Plan
  Year (or a participants last day of employment with the Company if prior
  to July 31st), disregarding any reduction in the rate of base salary
  during the six-month period immediately preceding such date.
   
  ·                  Company  Cantel Medical Corp.
   
  ·                  Compensation Committee  a subgroup of the Companys
  Board of Directors responsible for the following functions: (1)
  discharging the Boards responsibilities relating to compensation of
  executive officers; (2) producing an annual report on executive
  compensation for inclusion in the proxy statement; and (3) design,
  maintenance and administration of the Companys incentive plans.
   
  ·                  Plan Year  The period from August 1st  July 31st
  (fiscal year of Company).  The initial Plan Year is the fiscal year
  ending July 31, 2010.
   
  ·                  Target Award  An incentive compensation award to be
  earned by a participant based on achieving pre-determined financial
  objectives and other performance objectives during the Plan Year that
  represents payment at 100%.
   
Eligibility
 
All executive officers of the Company, the CEOs of the Companys Medivators 
Inc., Mar Cor Purification, Inc. and Crosstex International, Inc. 
subsidiaries and other direct reports to the CEO of the Company and key 
employees who are approved by the Compensation Committee are eligible for 
Awards under this Plan.  New hires/promotions are eligible for a pro-rated 
Award. Participation will be based on a positions level and ability to 
influence the long term performance of the Company.  Participants are 
identified by title and recommended by the CEO of Cantel Medical Corp., 
subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee.
 
Administration
 
The Compensation Committee has ultimate authority over the Plan, is 
responsible for approving the Plan and may alter any provision of the Plan 
or terminate the Plan at any time subject to the terms of the Plan herein. 
The Compensation Committee will directly administer the Plan with respect 
to all participants.  Specific responsibilities of the Committee include:
 
      ·                  Approving the performance objectives, targets and
      ranges
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      ·                  Determining incentive compensation award
      percentages
       
      ·                  Approving incentive compensation awards
       
The CEO of the Company will make recommendations to the Compensation 
Committee and resolve questions regarding the interpretation of the Plan.
 
Prior to the commencement of each new Plan Year or within seventy-five (75) 
days thereafter, the Compensation Committee shall approve and adopt 
specific performance targets and target award levels for Plan participants 
for such Year, which shall be based on the attainment of specified levels 
of one or any combination of the following: revenues, cost reductions, 
operating income, income before taxes, net income, adjusted net income, 
earnings per share, adjusted earnings per share, operating margins, working 
capital measures, return on assets, return on equity, return on invested 
capital, cash flow measures, market share, shareholder return or economic 
value added of the Company or the subsidiary or division of the Company for 
or within which the participant is primarily employed. Such performance 
goals also may be based on the achievement of specified levels of Company 
performance (or performance of an applicable subsidiary) under one or more 
of the measures described above relative to the performance of other 
corporations.
 
Target Award Levels
 
The target incentive awards for each eligible position (by category) are 
expressed as a percentage of Base Salary as follows:
 
ELIGIBLE POSITION
 
TARGET INCENTIVE AWARD
CEO
 
90%  110%
 
President, COO
 
70%  80%
 
Division CEO, Executive Vice President
 
50%  60%
 
Senior Vice President
 
45%  55%
 
Vice Presidents
 
25%  40%
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Division CEOs will have 25% of their Bonus 
Target based on the annual Performance Target established for executives of 
Cantel Medical Corp.  The remaining 75% will be based on the annual 
performance target specific to the operations of such CEOs division(s), 
which shall be established by the CEO of the Company in consultation with 
the Compensation Committee.
 
Awards will be determined as follows:
 
 
 
COMPANY-WIDE
EARNINGS
 
DIVISION EARNINGS
OR OTHER TARGET
 
 CORPORATE EXECUTIVES
 
100
%

 
 DIVISION CEOs
 
25
%
75
%
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Payout Ranges
 
Payout ranges are based upon levels of achievement of the targets and are 
expressed as a percentage of the Target Award as follows:
 
 
 
MINIMUM
 
TARGET MET
 
MAXIMUM
 
 Financial Objective
 
50
%
100
%
200
%
 
Determination of Awards
 
To maintain a focus on increasing shareholder value and driving superior 
financial performance, awards under this Plan will be based on the 
achievement of targets relating to the Companys earnings, as measured by 
earnings per share or on such other performance criteria as may be 
established by the Compensation Committee for each Plan Year as described 
above under the heading Administration. Notwithstanding the specific 
performance criteria established, in making a determination as to whether 
or not such criteria was satisfied and the extent to which a bonus should 
be awarded, the Compensation Committee shall take into consideration 
factors such as unanticipated taxes, acquisition costs, non-recurring and 
extraordinary items, and other equitable factors, as determined by the 
Compensation Committee in its discretion.
 
Distribution of Awards
 
Awards under the Plan are to be paid to eligible participants in cash as 
soon as financial performance is finalized and individual performance has 
been assessed, but in no case later than October 15th.
 
Subject to the terms of a participants employment, severance or other 
written compensation agreement with the Company and the provisions of the 
following paragraph, a participant must be actively employed by the Company 
on the date the Award is paid to receive the Award.  Participants hired or 
promoted to an eligible position for participation in the Plan during the 
Plan Year may receive a pro-rated Award (based on time in the eligible 
position during the Plan Year) subject to the approval of the Compensation 
Committee.
 
In the event the employment of a participant is terminated due to death, 
disability, or Retirement (as defined below) prior to the payment date for 
such Award, the participant will be entitled to receive the Award (in whole 
or on a pro rata basis for the period employed, as applicable) that would 
have been earned if the participants employment had continued through the 
next Award payment date, subject to the approval of the Compensation 
Committee.  Retirement means the termination by a Participant of his or 
her employment with the Company (other than as a result of death or 
disability) on or after (a) the participants 60th birthday if the 
Participant has completed at least fifteen (15) years of service with the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (b) the Participants 65th birthday 
if the participant has completed at least ten (10) years of service with 
the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
 
General Provisions
 
Limitations on Vested Interest
 
    It is understood that the Awards hereunder are within the sole
    discretion of the Company.  No participant has any vested interest in
    an Award under the Plan until such Award has been approved by the
    Compensation Committee.
     
    Participants may be deleted from the Plan at the beginning of each Plan
    Year at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee by giving
    written notice to such participants at least thirty (30) days
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    prior to the commencement of the Plan Year. New participants may be
    added to the Plan at any time at the sole discretion of the
    Compensation Committee.
 
    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, at the sole
    discretion of the Compensation Committee, a participant may be deleted
    from the Plan or a participants Award may be reduced due to
    substantiated poor individual performance or misconduct. The
    Compensation Committee intends to provide written notice to such
    participant promptly following its knowledge or determination of poor
    individual performance or misconduct and give the participant an
    opportunity to dispute or explain his performance or misconduct and, to
    the extent practical, correct any correctible poor performance;
    provided, however, that the failure to provide such notice shall not
    affect the Committees rights under this paragraph.
     
Employment Rights
 
    The Plan does not give any employee the right to be retained in the
    employ of the Company.  Specifically, the Plan does not create an
    employment contract for the Plan Year or any part thereof.
     
Participation in Other Plans
 
    Participation in the Plan shall neither be deemed to limit a
    participants rights under any other compensation or benefit plan
    maintained by the Company that covers such participant nor to entitle a
    participant to benefits under any other compensation or benefit plan
    maintained by the Company.
     
Non-Assignment
 
    Incentive compensation payments may not be pledged, assigned or
    transferred for any reason other than in connection with the death of a
    participant.
     
Construction
 
    This Plan and the Companys other cash or equity incentive compensation
    plans, employee benefit plans or programs, the Companys 2006 Equity
    Incentive Plan and any successor thereto (the Equity Plan) and the
    agreements issued thereunder and any employment or severance agreement
    that covers the participant (collectively, Benefit Plans) shall be
    construed in a consistent manner.  In the event of conflict between the
    terms and conditions of this Plan and any of the Benefit Plans as they
    relate to the participant and any particular payment or Award
    hereunder, the order of precedence shall be as follows: (i) any Benefit
    Plan that constitutes an employment or severance agreement; (ii) this
    Plan; (iii) any other Benefit Plan that constitutes an annual or long
    term incentive plan; (iv) the Equity Plan; and (v) any agreement issued
    under the Equity  Plan; provided, however, that no effect shall be
    given to any provision of this Plan that conflicts with any provision
    of the Equity Plan if and to the extent that such conflicting provision
    could not have been approved by the Companys Board of Directors as an
    amendment to the Equity Plan pursuant to Section 14(a) of the 2006
    Equity Incentive Plan (or any corresponding provision of any successor
    Equity Plan) without stockholder approval or the consent of the
    relevant participant, unless and until such approval or consent has
    been obtained.
     
Withholding
 
    Any taxes required to be withheld by Federal, State or Local
    Regulations will be deducted from incentive compensation payments
    hereunder.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Discontinuance, Suspension or Amendment of the Plan
     
    The Company, with the approval of the Compensation Committee, may
    discontinue or suspend the Plan at any time, or amend the Plan in any
    respect.  The Company may review the Plan and its administration at any
    time to determine whether the objectives of the Plan continue to be
    met.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------