 EX-10.3 5 a14-19871_1ex10d3.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3
 
Form of
Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
(Annual Grant)
 
This Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement), by and 
between Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and the Director whose name is set forth on Exhibit A hereto, is 
being entered into pursuant to the Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc. 2013 
Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan).  Capitalized terms that are used but 
not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the 
Plan.
 
Section 1.                                           Grant of Restricted 
Stock Units.  The Company hereby evidences and confirms its grant to the 
Director, effective as of the date set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the 
Grant Date), of the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth on Exhibit 
A hereto, as satisfaction of the equity portion of the Directors annual 
fee for the current year ($          divided by the Fair Market Value of 
the Common Stock on the Grant Date).  This Agreement is entered into 
pursuant to, and the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are subject 
to, the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated by 
reference herein.  If there is any inconsistency between any express 
provision of this Agreement and any express term of the Plan, the express 
term of the Plan shall govern.
 
Section 2.                                           Vesting of Restricted 
Stock Units.
 
(a)                                 Vesting.  Except as otherwise provided 
in this Section 2, the Restricted Stock Units shall become vested, if at 
all, on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Grant Date or (ii) 
the date of the Companys next annual shareholders meeting after the Grant 
Date, in each case subject to the Directors continued service on the Board 
of Directors of the Company (the Board) from the Grant Date until the 
applicable vesting date.  Vested Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as 
provided in Section 3 of this Agreement.
 
(b)                                 Effect of Termination of Services.
 
    (i)                                     Death or Disability.  If the
    Directors service on the Board is terminated due to death or
    Disability (each, a Special Termination), all outstanding Restricted
    Stock Units shall immediately vest as of the date of such Special
    Termination.  Vested Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as
    provided in Section 3 of this Agreement.
     
    (ii)                                  Any Other Reason.  Upon
    termination of the Directors services on the Board for any reason
    other than a Special Termination (whether initiated by the Company or
    by the Director), any unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be
    forfeited and canceled effective as of the date of such termination.
     
(c)                                  Effect of a Change in Control.  In the 
event of a Change in Control, the treatment of any unvested Restricted 
Stock Units shall be governed by Article XIV of the Plan.
 
(d)                                 Discretionary Acceleration.  
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the 
Administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the vesting with 
respect to any Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement, at such times 
and upon such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall determine.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 3.                                           Settlement of 
Restricted Stock Units.
 
(a)                                 Timing of Settlement.  Any outstanding 
vested Restricted Stock Units shall be settled into an equal number of 
shares of Common Stock on a date selected by the Company that is within 30 
days following the applicable vesting date (such date, the Settlement Date
).
 
(b)                                 Mechanics of Settlement.  On the 
Settlement Date, the Company shall electronically issue to the Director one 
whole share of Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit, and, 
upon such issuance, the Directors rights in respect of such Restricted 
Stock Unit shall be extinguished.  On or before the Settlement Date, at the 
Companys request, the Company and the Director shall enter into a 
Subscription Agreement that establishes the rights and obligations of the 
Company and the Director relating to the shares of Common Stock issued in 
respect of the Restricted Stock Units, in the form then customarily used by 
the Company under the Plan for such purpose.  In the event that there are 
any fractional Restricted Stock Units, such fractional Restricted Stock 
Units shall be settled through a cash payment equal to the portion of 
Restricted Stock Unit multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Common 
Stock on the Settlement Date.  No fractional shares of Common Stock shall 
be issued.
 
Section 4.                                           Securities Law 
Compliance.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the 
Director may not sell the shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement 
of the Restricted Stock Units unless such shares are registered under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or, if such 
shares are not then so registered, such sale would be exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  The sale of such shares 
must also comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the 
Common Stock, and the Director may not sell the shares of Common Stock if 
the Company determines that such sale would not be in material compliance 
with such laws and regulations.
 
Section 5.                                           Restriction on 
Transfer; Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units.  The Restricted 
Stock Units are not assignable or transferable, in whole or in part, and 
they may not, directly or indirectly, be offered, transferred, sold, 
pledged, assigned, alienated, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or 
encumbered (including, but not limited to, by gift, operation of law or 
otherwise) other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution to 
the estate of the Director upon the Directors death.  Any purported 
transfer in violation of this Section 5 shall be void ab initio.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 6.                                           Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                 Tax Withholding.  Upon the settlement 
of vested Restricted Stock Units and (if applicable) delivery of cash in 
respect of any fractional Restricted Stock Units, the Director shall be 
obligated to satisfy any applicable U.S. federal, state and local and 
non-U.S. tax withholding or other similar charges or fees that may arise in 
connection therewith.
 
(b)                                 Dividend Equivalents.  In the event 
that the Company pays any ordinary dividend in cash on a share of Common 
Stock following the Grant Date and prior to an applicable Settlement Date, 
there shall be credited to the account of the Director in respect of each 
outstanding Restricted Stock Unit an amount equal to the amount of such 
dividend.  The amount so credited shall be deferred (without interest, 
unless the Administrator determines otherwise) until the settlement of such 
related Restricted Stock Unit and then paid in cash but shall be forfeited 
upon the forfeiture of such related Restricted Stock Unit.
 
(c)                                  Authorization to Share Personal Data.  
The Director authorizes the Company or any Affiliate of the Company that 
has or lawfully obtains personal data relating to the Director to divulge 
or transfer such personal data to the Company or to a third party, in each 
case in any jurisdiction, if and to the extent reasonably appropriate in 
connection with this Agreement or the administration of the Plan.
 
(d)                                 No Rights as Stockholder; No Voting 
Rights.  The Director shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company 
with respect to any shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock 
Units prior to the issuance of such shares of Common Stock.
 
(e)                                  No Right to Continued Service on Board
. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer on the Director any 
right to continue in the service of the Company or any Subsidiary, or to 
interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any 
Subsidiary to terminate such service at any time.
 
(f)                                   Interpretation.  The Administrator 
shall have full power and discretion to construe and interpret the Plan 
(and any rules and regulations issued thereunder) and this Award.  Any 
determination or interpretation by the Administrator under or pursuant to 
the Plan or this Award shall be final and binding and conclusive on all 
persons affected hereby.
 
(g)                                  Forfeiture of Awards  The Restricted 
Stock Units granted hereunder (and gains earned or accrued in connection 
therewith) shall be subject to such generally applicable policies as to 
forfeiture and recoupment (including, without limitation, upon the 
occurrence of material financial or accounting errors, financial or other 
misconduct) as may be adopted by the Administrator or the Board from time 
to time and communicated to the Director, and is otherwise subject to 
forfeiture or disgorgement of profits as provided by the Plan.
 
(h)                                 Consent to Electronic Delivery.  By 
entering into this Agreement and accepting the Restricted Stock Units 
evidenced hereby, the Director hereby consents to the delivery of 
information (including, without limitation, information required to be 
delivered to the Director pursuant to applicable securities laws) regarding 
the Company and the Subsidiaries, the Plan, this Agreement and the 
Restricted Stock Units via Company website or other electronic delivery.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)                                     Binding Effect; Benefits.  This 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to 
this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns.  Nothing in 
this Agreement, express or implied, is intended or shall be construed to 
give any person other than the parties to this Agreement or their 
respective successors or assigns any legal or equitable right, remedy or 
claim under or in respect of any agreement or any provision contained 
herein.
 
(j)                                    Amendment.  This Agreement may not 
be amended, modified or supplemented orally, but only by a written 
instrument executed by the Director and the Company.
 
(k)                                 Assignability.  Neither this Agreement 
nor any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder or by 
reason hereof shall be assignable by the Company or the Director without 
the prior written consent of the other party.
 
(l)                                     Applicable Law.  This Agreement 
shall be governed in all respects, including, but not limited to, as to 
validity, interpretation and effect, by the internal laws of the State of 
Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of law that would 
require application of the law of another jurisdiction.
 
(m)                             Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each party hereby 
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right they 
may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding 
arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.  Each 
party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other 
party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would 
not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (
ii) acknowledges that they and the other party hereto have been induced to 
enter into the Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and 
certifications in this Section 6(m).
 
(n)                                 Limitations of Actions. No lawsuit 
relating to this Agreement may be filed before a written claim is filed 
with the Administrator and is denied or deemed denied as provided in the 
Plan and any lawsuit must be filed within one year of such denial or deemed 
denial or be forever barred.
 
(o)                                 Section and Other Headings, etc.  The 
section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference 
purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this 
Agreement.
 
(p)                                 Acceptance of Restricted Stock Units 
and Agreement.  The Director has indicated his or her consent and 
acknowledgement of the terms of this Agreement pursuant to the instructions 
provided to the Director by or on behalf of the Company.  The Director 
acknowledges receipt of the Plan, represents to the Company that he or she 
has read and understood this Agreement and the Plan, and, as an express 
condition to the grant of the Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement, 
agrees to be bound by the terms of both this Agreement and the Plan.  The 
Director and the Company each agrees and acknowledges that the use of 
electronic media (including, without limitation, a clickthrough button or 
checkbox on a website of the Company or a third-party administrator) to 
indicate the Directors confirmation, consent, signature, agreement and 
delivery of this Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units is legally valid 
and has the same legal force and effect as if the Director and the Company 
signed and executed this Agreement in paper form.  The same use of 
electronic media may be used for any amendment or waiver of this Agreement.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A to
Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
(Annual Grant)
 
Director:
 
 
 
Grant Date:
     , 201
 
 
Restricted Stock Units granted hereby:
 
 
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------