 EX-10.07 2 a2181037zex-10_07.htm EXHIBIT 10.07
QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document


EXHIBIT 10.07


FORMFACTOR, INC.

2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

As Adopted April 18, 2002
As Amended February 9, 2006 and May 18, 2006

        1.    PURPOSE.    The purpose of this Plan is to provide incentives 
to attract, retain and motivate eligible persons whose present and 
potential contributions are important to the success of the Company, its 
Parent and Subsidiaries, by offering them an opportunity to participate in 
the Company's future performance through awards of Options, Restricted 
Stock and Stock Bonuses. Capitalized terms not defined in the text are 
defined in Section 24.

        2.    SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.    

              2.1    Number of Shares Available.    Subject to Sections 2.2
      and 18, the total number of Shares reserved and available for grant
      and issuance pursuant to this Plan will be 500,000 Shares plus Shares
      that are subject to: (a) issuance upon exercise of an Option but
      cease to be subject to such Option for any reason other than exercise
      of such Option; (b) an Award granted hereunder but are forfeited or
      are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price; and (c)
      an Award that otherwise terminates without Shares being issued. In
      addition, any authorized shares not issued or subject to outstanding
      grants under the Company's 1996 Stock Option Plan, Incentive Option
      Plan and Management Incentive Option Plan on the Effective Date (as
      defined below) and any shares issued under the Company's 1995 Stock
      Plan, 1996 Stock Option Plan, Incentive Option Plan and Management
      Incentive Option Plan (the "Prior Plans") that are forfeited or
      repurchased by the Company or that are issuable upon exercise of
      options granted pursuant to the Prior Plans that expire or become
      unexercisable for any reason without having been exercised in full,
      will no longer be available for grant and issuance under the Prior
      Plans, but will be available for grant and issuance under this Plan.
      In addition, on each January 1, the aggregate number of Shares
      reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to this Plan
      will be increased automatically by a number of Shares equal to 5% of
      the total outstanding shares of the Company as of the immediately
      preceding December 31; provided, that the Board may in its sole
      discretion reduce the amount of the increase in any particular year;
      and, provided further, provided that no more than 40,000,000 shares
      shall be issued as ISOs (as defined in Section 5 below). At all times
      the Company shall reserve and keep available a sufficient number of
      Shares as shall be required to satisfy the requirements of all
      outstanding Options granted under this Plan and all other outstanding
      but unvested Awards granted under this Plan.

              2.2    Adjustment of Shares.    In the event that the number
      of outstanding shares is changed by a stock dividend,
      recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision,
      combination, reclassification or similar change in the capital
      structure of the Company without consideration, then (a) the number
      of Shares reserved for issuance under this Plan, (b) the number of
      Shares that may be granted pursuant to Sections 3 and 9 below, (c)
      the Exercise Prices of and number of Shares subject to outstanding
      Options, and (d) the number of Shares subject to other outstanding
      Awards may, upon approval of the Board in its discretion, be
      proportionately adjusted in compliance with applicable securities
      laws; provided, however, that fractions of a Share will not be issued
      but will either be replaced by a cash payment equal to the Fair
      Market Value of such fraction of a Share or will be rounded up to the
      nearest whole Share, as determined by the Committee.

        3.    ELIGIBILITY.    ISOs (as defined in Section 5 below) may be 
granted only to employees (including officers and directors who are also 
employees) of the Company or of a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. All 
other Awards may be granted to employees, officers, directors, consultants, 
independent contractors and advisors of the Company or any Parent or 
Subsidiary of the Company;

------------------------------------------------------------------------

provided such consultants, contractors and advisors render bona fide 
services not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a 
capital-raising transaction. No person will be eligible to receive more 
than 1,000,000 Shares in any calendar year under this Plan pursuant to the 
grant of Awards hereunder, other than new employees of the Company or of a 
Parent or Subsidiary of the Company (including new employees who are also 
officers and directors of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the 
Company), who are eligible to receive up to a maximum of 3,000,000 Shares 
in the calendar year in which they commence their employment. A person may 
be granted more than one Award under this Plan.

        4.    ADMINISTRATION.    

              4.1    Committee Authority.    This Plan will be administered
      by the Committee or by the Board acting as the Committee. Except for
      automatic grants to Outside Directors pursuant to Section 9 hereof,
      and subject to the general purposes, terms and conditions of this
      Plan, and to the direction of the Board, the Committee will have full
      power to implement and carry out this Plan. Except for automatic
      grants to Outside Directors pursuant to Section 9 hereof, the
      Committee will have the authority to:

            (a)
                construe and interpret this Plan, any Award Agreement and
                any other agreement or document executed pursuant to this
                Plan;

            (b)
                prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating
                to this Plan or any Award;

            (c)
                select persons to receive Awards;

            (d)
                determine the form and terms of Awards;

            (e)
                determine the number of Shares or other consideration
                subject to Awards;

            (f)
                determine whether Awards will be granted singly, in
                combination with, in tandem with, in replacement of, or as
                alternatives to, other Awards under this Plan or any other
                incentive or compensation plan of the Company or any Parent
                or Subsidiary of the Company;

            (g)
                grant waivers of Plan or Award conditions;

            (h)
                determine the vesting, exercisability and payment of
                Awards;

            (i)
                correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any
                inconsistency in this Plan, any Award or any Award
                Agreement;

            (j)
                determine whether an Award has been earned; and

            (k)
                make all other determinations necessary or advisable for
                the administration of this Plan.

              4.2    Committee Discretion.    Except for automatic grants
      to Outside Directors pursuant to Section 9 hereof, any determination
      made by the Committee with respect to any Award will be made in its
      sole discretion at the time of grant of the Award or, unless in
      contravention of any express term of this Plan or Award, at any later
      time, and such determination will be final and binding on the Company
      and on all persons having an interest in any Award under this Plan.
      The Committee may delegate to one or more officers of the Company the
      authority to grant an Award under this Plan to Participants who are
      not Insiders of the Company.

        5.    OPTIONS.    The Committee may grant Options to eligible 
persons and will determine whether such Options will be Incentive Stock 
Options within the meaning of the Code ("ISO") or Nonqualified Stock 
Options ("NQSOs"), the number of Shares subject to the Option, the Exercise 
Price of the

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Option, the period during which the Option may be exercised, and all other 
terms and conditions of the Option, subject to the following:

              5.1    Form of Option Grant.    Each Option granted under
      this Plan will be evidenced by an Award Agreement which will
      expressly identify the Option as an ISO or an NQSO ("Stock Option
      Agreement"), and, except as otherwise required by the terms of
      Section 9 hereof, will be in such form and contain such provisions
      (which need not be the same for each Participant) as the Committee
      may from time to time approve, and which will comply with and be
      subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan.

              5.2    Date of Grant.    The date of grant of an Option will
      be the date on which the Committee makes the determination to grant
      such Option, unless otherwise specified by the Committee. The Stock
      Option Agreement and a copy of this Plan will be delivered to the
      Participant within a reasonable time after the granting of the
      Option.

              5.3    Exercise Period.    Options may be exercisable within
      the times or upon the events determined by the Committee as set forth
      in the Stock Option Agreement governing such Option; provided,
      however, that no Option granted on or before February 9, 2006 will be
      exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the
      Option is granted and no Option granted after February 9, 2006 will
      be exercisable after the expiration of seven (7) years from the date
      the Option is granted; and provided further that no ISO granted to a
      person who directly or by attribution owns more than ten percent
      (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of
      the Company or of any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company ("Ten
      Percent Stockholder") will be exercisable after the expiration of
      five (5) years from the date the ISO is granted. The Committee also
      may provide for Options to become exercisable at one time or from
      time to time, periodically or otherwise, in such number of Shares or
      percentage of Shares as the Committee determines.

              5.4    Exercise Price.    The Exercise Price of an Option
      will be determined by the Committee when the Option is granted;
      provided that: (i) the Exercise Price of an ISO will be not less than
      100% of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant; and
      (ii) the Exercise Price of any ISO granted to a Ten Percent
      Stockholder will not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of
      the Shares on the date of grant. Payment for the Shares purchased may
      be made in accordance with Section 8 of this Plan.

              5.5    Method of Exercise.    Options may be exercised only
      by delivery to the Company of a written stock option exercise
      agreement (the "Exercise Agreement") in a form approved by the
      Committee (which need not be the same for each Participant), stating
      the number of Shares being purchased, the restrictions imposed on the
      Shares purchased under such Exercise Agreement, if any, and such
      representations and agreements regarding Participant's investment
      intent and access to information and other matters, if any, as may be
      required or desirable by the Company to comply with applicable
      securities laws, together with payment in full of the Exercise Price
      for the number of Shares being purchased.

              5.6    Termination.    Notwithstanding the exercise periods
      set forth in the Stock Option Agreement, exercise of an Option will
      always be subject to the following:

            (a)
                If the Participant is Terminated for any reason except
                death or Disability, then the Participant may exercise such
                Participant's Options only to the extent that such Options
                would have been exercisable upon the Termination Date no
                later than three (3) months after the Termination Date (or
                such shorter or longer time period not exceeding five (5)
                years as may be determined by the Committee, with any
                exercise beyond three (3) months after the Termination Date
                deemed to be an NQSO), but in any event, no later than the
                expiration date of the Options.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

            (b)
                If the Participant is Terminated because of Participant's
                death or Disability (or the Participant dies within three
                (3) months after a Termination other than for Cause or
                because of Participant's Disability), then Participant's
                Options may be exercised only to the extent that such
                Options would have been exercisable by Participant on the
                Termination Date and must be exercised by Participant (or
                Participant's legal representative or authorized assignee)
                no later than twelve (12) months after the Termination Date
                (or such shorter or longer time period not exceeding five
                (5) years as may be determined by the Committee, with any
                such exercise beyond (i) three (3) months after the
                Termination Date when the Termination is for any reason
                other than the Participant's death or disability, within
                the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, or (ii) twelve
                (12) months after the Termination Date when the Termination
                is for Participant's disability, within the meaning of
                Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, deemed to be an NQSO), but in
                any event no later than the expiration date of the Options.

            (c)
                If the Participant is terminated for Cause, then the
                Participant may exercise such Participant's Options only to
                the extent that such Options would have been exercisable
                upon the Termination Date no later than one month after the
                Termination Date (or such shorter or longer time period not
                exceeding five (5) years as may be determined by the
                Committee, with any exercise beyond three (3) months after
                the Termination Date deemed to be an NQSO), but in any
                event, no later than the expiration date of the Options.

              5.7    Limitations on Exercise.    The Committee may specify
      a reasonable minimum number of Shares that may be purchased on any
      exercise of an Option, provided that such minimum number will not
      prevent Participant from exercising the Option for the full number of
      Shares for which it is then exercisable.

              5.8    Limitations on ISO.    The aggregate Fair Market Value
      (determined as of the date of grant) of Shares with respect to which
      ISO are exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any
      calendar year (under this Plan or under any other incentive stock
      option plan of the Company, Parent or Subsidiary of the Company) will
      not exceed $100,000. If the Fair Market Value of Shares on the date
      of grant with respect to which ISO are exercisable for the first time
      by a Participant during any calendar year exceeds $100,000, then the
      Options for the first $100,000 worth of Shares to become exercisable
      in such calendar year will be ISO and the Options for the amount in
      excess of $100,000 that become exercisable in that calendar year will
      be NQSOs. In the event that the Code or the regulations promulgated
      thereunder are amended after the Effective Date of this Plan to
      provide for a different limit on the Fair Market Value of Shares
      permitted to be subject to ISO, such different limit will be
      automatically incorporated herein and will apply to any Options
      granted after the effective date of such amendment.

              5.9    Modification, Extension or Renewal.    The Committee
      may modify, extend or renew outstanding Options and authorize the
      grant of new Options in substitution therefor, provided that any such
      action may not, without the written consent of a Participant, impair
      any of such Participant's rights under any Option previously granted.
      Any outstanding ISO that is modified, extended, renewed or otherwise
      altered will be treated in accordance with Section 424(h) of the
      Code. The Committee may reduce the Exercise Price of outstanding
      Options without the consent of Participants affected by a written
      notice to them; provided, however, that the Exercise Price may not be
      reduced below the minimum Exercise Price that would be permitted
      under Section 5.4 of this Plan for Options granted on the date the
      action is taken to reduce the Exercise Price.

              5.10    No Disqualification.    Notwithstanding any other
      provision in this Plan, no term of this Plan relating to ISO will be
      interpreted, amended or altered, nor will any discretion or authority
      granted under this Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify this Plan
      under Section 422 of the Code

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      or, without the consent of the Participant affected, to disqualify
      any ISO under Section 422 of the Code.

        6.    RESTRICTED STOCK.    A Restricted Stock Award is an offer by 
the Company to sell to an eligible person Shares that are subject to 
restrictions. The Committee will determine to whom an offer will be made, 
the number of Shares the person may purchase, the price to be paid (the "
Purchase Price"), the restrictions to which the Shares will be subject, and 
all other terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award, subject to 
the following:

              6.1    Form of Restricted Stock Award.    All purchases under
      a Restricted Stock Award made pursuant to this Plan will be evidenced
      by an Award Agreement ("Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement") that
      will be in such form (which need not be the same for each
      Participant) as the Committee will from time to time approve, and
      will comply with and be subject to the terms and conditions of this
      Plan. The offer of Restricted Stock will be accepted by the
      Participant's execution and delivery of the Restricted Stock Purchase
      Agreement and full payment for the Shares to the Company within
      thirty (30) days from the date the Restricted Stock Purchase
      Agreement is delivered to the person. If such person does not execute
      and deliver the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement along with full
      payment for the Shares to the Company within thirty (30) days, then
      the offer will terminate, unless otherwise determined by the
      Committee.

              6.2    Purchase Price.    The Purchase Price of Shares sold
      pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award will be determined by the
      Committee on the date the Restricted Stock Award is granted, except
      in the case of a sale to a Ten Percent Stockholder, in which case the
      Purchase Price will be 100% of the Fair Market Value. Payment of the
      Purchase Price may be made in accordance with Section 8 of this Plan.

              6.3    Terms of Restricted Stock Awards.    Restricted Stock
      Awards shall be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may
      impose. These restrictions may be based upon completion of a
      specified number of years of service with the Company or upon
      completion of the performance goals as set out in advance in the
      Participant's individual Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement.
      Restricted Stock Awards may vary from Participant to Participant and
      between groups of Participants. Prior to the grant of a Restricted
      Stock Award, the Committee shall: (a) determine the nature, length
      and starting date of any Performance Period for the Restricted Stock
      Award; (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to
      measure performance goals, if any; and (c) determine the number of
      Shares that may be awarded to the Participant. Prior to the payment
      of any Restricted Stock Award, the Committee shall determine the
      extent to which such Restricted Stock Award has been earned.
      Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate
      simultaneously with respect to Restricted Stock Awards that are
      subject to different Performance Periods and having different
      performance goals and other criteria.

              6.4    Termination During Performance Period.    If a
      Participant is Terminated during a Performance Period for any reason,
      then such Participant will be entitled to payment (whether in Shares,
      cash or otherwise) with respect to the Restricted Stock Award only to
      the extent earned as of the date of Termination in accordance with
      the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, unless the Committee will
      determine otherwise.

        7.    STOCK BONUSES.    

              7.1    Awards of Stock Bonuses.    A Stock Bonus is an award
      of Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock) for services
      rendered to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. A
      Stock Bonus may be awarded for past services already rendered to the
      Company, or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company pursuant to an
      Award Agreement (the "Stock Bonus Agreement") that will be in such
      form (which need not be the same for each Participant) as the
      Committee will from time to time approve, and will comply with and be
      subject to the terms and

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      conditions of this Plan. A Stock Bonus may be awarded upon
      satisfaction of such performance goals as are set out in advance in
      the Participant's individual Award Agreement (the "Performance Stock
      Bonus Agreement") that will be in such form (which need not be the
      same for each Participant) as the Committee will from time to time
      approve, and will comply with and be subject to the terms and
      conditions of this Plan. Stock Bonuses may vary from Participant to
      Participant and between groups of Participants, and may be based upon
      the achievement of the Company, Parent or Subsidiary and/or
      individual performance factors or upon such other criteria as the
      Committee may determine.

              7.2    Terms of Stock Bonuses.    The Committee will
      determine the number of Shares to be awarded to the Participant. If
      the Stock Bonus is being earned upon the satisfaction of performance
      goals pursuant to a Performance Stock Bonus Agreement, then the
      Committee will: (a) determine the nature, length and starting date of
      any Performance Period for each Stock Bonus; (b) select from among
      the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if
      any; and (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to
      the Participant. Prior to the payment of any Stock Bonus, the
      Committee shall determine the extent to which such Stock Bonuses have
      been earned. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may
      participate simultaneously with respect to Stock Bonuses that are
      subject to different Performance Periods and different performance
      goals and other criteria. The number of Shares may be fixed or may
      vary in accordance with such performance goals and criteria as may be
      determined by the Committee. The Committee may adjust the performance
      goals applicable to the Stock Bonuses to take into account changes in
      law and accounting or tax rules and to make such adjustments as the
      Committee deems necessary or appropriate to reflect the impact of
      extraordinary or unusual items, events or circumstances to avoid
      windfalls or hardships.

              7.3    Form of Payment.    The earned portion of a Stock
      Bonus may be paid currently or on a deferred basis with such interest
      or dividend equivalent, if any, as the Committee may determine.
      Payment may be made in the form of cash or whole Shares or a
      combination thereof, either in a lump sum payment or in installments,
      all as the Committee will determine.

        8.    PAYMENT FOR SHARE PURCHASES.    

              8.1    Payment.    Payment for Shares purchased pursuant to
      this Plan may be made in cash (by check) or, where expressly approved
      for the Participant by the Committee and where permitted by law:

            (a)
                by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to the
                Participant;

            (b)
                by surrender of shares that either: (1) have been owned by
                Participant for more than six (6) months and have been paid
                for within the meaning of SEC Rule 144 (and, if such shares
                were purchased from the Company by use of a promissory
                note, such note has been fully paid with respect to such
                shares); or (2) were obtained by Participant in the public
                market;

            (c)
                by tender of a full recourse promissory note having such
                terms as may be approved by the Committee and bearing
                interest at a rate sufficient to avoid imputation of income
                under Sections 483 and 1274 of the Code; provided, however
                , that Participants who are not employees or directors of
                the Company will not be entitled to purchase Shares with a
                promissory note unless the note is adequately secured by
                collateral other than the Shares;

            (d)
                by waiver of compensation due or accrued to the Participant
                for services rendered;

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

            (e)
                with respect only to purchases upon exercise of an Option,
                and provided that a public market for the Company's stock
                exists:

                (1)
                    through a "same day sale" commitment from the
                    Participant and a broker-dealer that is a member of the
                    National Association of Securities Dealers (an "NASD
                    Dealer") whereby the Participant irrevocably elects to
                    exercise the Option and to sell a portion of the Shares
                    so purchased to pay for the Exercise Price, and whereby
                    the NASD Dealer irrevocably commits upon receipt of
                    such Shares to forward the Exercise Price directly to
                    the Company; or

                (2)
                    through a "margin" commitment from the Participant and
                    a NASD Dealer whereby the Participant irrevocably
                    elects to exercise the Option and to pledge the Shares
                    so purchased to the NASD Dealer in a margin account as
                    security for a loan from the NASD Dealer in the amount
                    of the Exercise Price, and whereby the NASD Dealer
                    irrevocably commits upon receipt of such Shares to
                    forward the Exercise Price directly to the Company; or

            (f)
                by any combination of the foregoing.

              8.2    Loan Guarantees.    The Committee may help the
      Participant pay for Shares purchased under this Plan by authorizing a
      guarantee by the Company of a third-party loan to the Participant.

        9.    AUTOMATIC GRANTS TO OUTSIDE DIRECTORS.    

              9.1    Types of Options and Shares.    Options granted under
      this Plan and subject to this Section 9 shall be NQSOs.

              9.2    Eligibility.    Options subject to this Section 9
      shall be granted only to Outside Directors.

              9.3    Initial Grant.    Each Outside Director who first
      becomes a member of the Board after the Effective Date will
      automatically be granted an option for 15,000 Shares (an "Initial
      Grant") on the date such Outside Director first becomes a member of
      the Board. Each Outside Director who became a member of the Board on
      or prior to the Effective Date and who did not receive a prior option
      grant (under this Plan or otherwise and from the Company or any of
      its corporate predecessors) will receive an Initial Grant on the
      Effective Date.

              9.4    Succeeding Grant.    Immediately following each Annual
      Meeting of stockholders, each Outside Director will automatically be
      granted an option for 15,000 Shares (a "Succeeding Grant"), provided
      , that the Outside Director is a member of the Board on such date and
      has served continuously as a member of the Board for a period of at
      least twelve (12) months since the last option grant (whether an
      Initial Grant or a Succeeding Grant) to such Outside Director. If
      less than twelve (12) months has passed, then the number of shares
      subject to the Succeeding Grant will be pro-rated based on the number
      of days passed since the last option grant to such Outside Director,
      divided by 365 days.

              9.5    Vesting and Exercisability.    The date an Outside
      Director receives an Initial Grant or a Succeeding Grant is referred
      to in this Plan as the "Start Date" for such option.

            (a)
                Initial Grant. So long as the Outside Director continuously
                remains a director or a consultant of the Company, each
                Initial Grant will vest as to 1/12th of the Shares at the
                end of each full succeeding month from Start Date. Each
                Initial Grant will be immediately exercisable subject to
                the Company's right to repurchase unvested shares in the
                event the Outside Director does not remain a member of the
                Board or a consultant of the Company.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

            (b)
                Succeeding Grant. So long as the Outside Director
                continuously remains a director or a consultant of the
                Company, each Succeeding Grant will vest as to 1/12th of
                the Shares at the end of each full succeeding month from
                the later of (i) the Start Date of such Succeeding Grant or
                (ii) the date when all outstanding stock options, and all
                outstanding shares issued upon exercise of any stock
                options granted by the Company to the Outside Director
                prior to the grant of such Succeeding Grant have fully
                vested. Each Succeeding Grant will be immediately
                exercisable subject to the Company's right to repurchase
                unvested shares in the event the Outside Director does not
                remain a member of the Board or a consultant of the
                Company.

            (c)
                Pro-Rated Succeeding Grant. Any Succeeding Grant that has
                been pro-rated is referred to in this Plan as a "Pro-Rated
                Succeeding Grant". Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to
                the contrary, so long as the Outside Director continuously
                remains a director or a consultant of the Company, each
                Pro-Rated Succeeding Grant will vest as to 1/12th of the
                Shares that would have been subject to a full Succeeding
                Grant (i.e., 15,000 shares) at the end of each full
                succeeding month from the later of:

                (i)
                    the Start Date of such Pro-Rated Succeeding Grant, or

                (ii)
                    the date when all outstanding stock options, and all
                    outstanding shares issued upon exercise of any stock
                    options granted by the Company to the Outside Director
                    prior to the grant of such Pro-Rated Succeeding Grant
                    have fully vested to the end of the full calendar month
                    in which the twelve month anniversary of the Company's
                    annual meeting of stockholders, immediately after which
                    such Outside Director obtained such Pro-Rated
                    Succeeding Grant, provided, that in the last month of
                    the Pro-Rated Succeeding Grant's vesting term, any
                    shares remaining shall vest. Each Succeeding Grant will
                    be immediately exercisable subject to the Company's
                    right to repurchase unvested shares in the event the
                    Outside Director does not remain a member of the Board
                    or a consultant of the Company.

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, in the event of a Corporate 
Transaction described in Section 18.1, the vesting of all options granted 
to Outside Directors pursuant to this Section 9 will accelerate and such 
options will become exercisable in full prior to the consummation of such 
event at such times and on such conditions as the Committee determines, and 
must be exercised, if at all, within three (3) months of the consummation 
of said event. Any options not exercised within such three-month period 
shall expire.

              9.6    Exercise Price.    The exercise price of an option
      pursuant to an Initial Grant and Succeeding Grant shall be the Fair
      Market Value of the Shares, at the time that the option is granted.

        10.    WITHHOLDING TAXES.    

              10.1    Withholding Generally.    Whenever Shares are to be
      issued in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan, the Company
      may require the Participant to remit to the Company an amount
      sufficient to satisfy federal, state and local withholding tax
      requirements prior to the delivery of any certificate or certificates
      for such Shares. Whenever, under this Plan, payments in satisfaction
      of Awards are to be made in cash, such payment will be net of an
      amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local withholding
      tax requirements.

              10.2    Stock Withholding.    When, under applicable tax
      laws, a Participant incurs tax liability in connection with the
      exercise or vesting of any Award that is subject to tax withholding
      and the Participant is obligated to pay the Company the amount
      required to be withheld, the Committee may in its sole discretion
      allow the Participant to satisfy the minimum withholding tax
      obligation by electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares
      to be issued that number of Shares having

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount required to be
      withheld, determined on the date that the amount of tax to be
      withheld is to be determined. All elections by a Participant to have
      Shares withheld for this purpose will be made in accordance with the
      requirements established by the Committee and be in writing in a form
      acceptable to the Committee.

        11.    TRANSFERABILITY.    

              11.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Section 11, Awards
      granted under this Plan, and any interest therein, will not be
      transferable or assignable by Participant, and may not be made
      subject to execution, attachment or similar process, otherwise than
      by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or as determined
      by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement with respect to
      Awards that are not ISOs.

              11.2    All Awards other than NQSO's.    All Awards other
      than NQSO's shall be exercisable: (i) during the Participant's
      lifetime, only by (A) the Participant, or (B) the Participant's
      guardian or legal representative; and (ii) after Participant's death,
      by the legal representative of the Participant's heirs or legatees.

              11.3    NQSOs.    Unless otherwise restricted by the
      Committee, an NQSO shall be exercisable: (i) during the Participant's
      lifetime only by (A) the Participant, (B) the Participant's guardian
      or legal representative, (C) a Family Member of the Participant who
      has acquired the NQSO by "permitted transfer;" and (ii) after
      Participant's death, by the legal representative of the Participant's
      heirs or legatees. "Permitted transfer" means, as authorized by this
      Plan and the Committee in an NQSO, any transfer effected by the
      Participant during the Participant's lifetime of an interest in such
      NQSO but only such transfers which are by gift or domestic relations
      order. A permitted transfer does not include any transfer for value
      and neither of the following are transfers for value: (a) a transfer
      of under a domestic relations order in settlement of marital property
      rights or (b) a transfer to an entity in which more than fifty
      percent of the voting interests are owned by Family Members or the
      Participant in exchange for an interest in that entity.

        12.    PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP; RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES.    

              12.1    Voting and Dividends.    No Participant will have any
      of the rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the
      Shares are issued to the Participant. After Shares are issued to the
      Participant, the Participant will be a stockholder and have all the
      rights of a stockholder with respect to such Shares, including the
      right to vote and receive all dividends or other distributions made
      or paid with respect to such Shares; provided, that if such Shares
      are Restricted Stock, then any new, additional or different
      securities the Participant may become entitled to receive with
      respect to such Shares by virtue of a stock dividend, stock split or
      any other change in the corporate or capital structure of the Company
      will be subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock; 
      provided, further, that the Participant will have no right to retain
      such stock dividends or stock distributions with respect to Shares
      that are repurchased at the Participant's Purchase Price or Exercise
      Price pursuant to Section 12.

              12.2    Restrictions on Shares.    At the discretion of the
      Committee, the Company may reserve to itself and/or its assignee(s)
      in the Award Agreement a right to repurchase a portion of or all
      Unvested Shares held by a Participant following such Participant's
      Termination at any time within ninety (90) days after the later of
      Participant's Termination Date and the date Participant purchases
      Shares under this Plan, for cash and/or cancellation of purchase
      money indebtedness, at the Participant's Exercise Price or Purchase
      Price, as the case may be.

        13.    CERTIFICATES.    All certificates for Shares or other 
securities delivered under this Plan will be subject to such stock transfer 
orders, legends and other restrictions as the Committee may deem necessary 
or advisable, including restrictions under any applicable federal, state or 
foreign securities

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------

law, or any rules, regulations and other requirements of the SEC or any 
stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may be 
listed or quoted.

        14.    ESCROW; PLEDGE OF SHARES.    To enforce any restrictions on 
a Participant's Shares, the Committee may require the Participant to 
deposit all certificates representing Shares, together with stock powers or 
other instruments of transfer approved by the Committee, appropriately 
endorsed in blank, with the Company or an agent designated by the Company 
to hold in escrow until such restrictions have lapsed or terminated, and 
the Committee may cause a legend or legends referencing such restrictions 
to be placed on the certificates. Any Participant who is permitted to 
execute a promissory note as partial or full consideration for the purchase 
of Shares under this Plan will be required to pledge and deposit with the 
Company all or part of the Shares so purchased as collateral to secure the 
payment of Participant's obligation to the Company under the promissory 
note; provided, however, that the Committee may require or accept other or 
additional forms of collateral to secure the payment of such obligation 
and, in any event, the Company will have full recourse against the 
Participant under the promissory note notwithstanding any pledge of the 
Participant's Shares or other collateral. In connection with any pledge of 
the Shares, Participant will be required to execute and deliver a written 
pledge agreement in such form as the Committee will from time to time 
approve. The Shares purchased with the promissory note may be released from 
the pledge on a pro rata basis as the promissory note is paid.

        15.    EXCHANGE AND BUYOUT OF AWARDS.    The Committee may, at any 
time or from time to time, authorize the Company, with the consent of the 
respective Participants, to issue new Awards in exchange for the surrender 
and cancellation of any or all outstanding Awards. The Committee may at any 
time buy from a Participant an Award previously granted with payment in 
cash, Shares (including Restricted Stock) or other consideration, based on 
such terms and conditions as the Committee and the Participant may agree.

        16.    SECURITIES LAW AND OTHER REGULATORY COMPLIANCE.    An Award 
will not be effective unless such Award is in compliance with all 
applicable federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations of any 
governmental body, and the requirements of any stock exchange or automated 
quotation system upon which the Shares may then be listed or quoted, as 
they are in effect on the date of grant of the Award and also on the date 
of exercise or other issuance. Notwithstanding any other provision in this 
Plan, the Company will have no obligation to issue or deliver certificates 
for Shares under this Plan prior to: (a) obtaining any approvals from 
governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary or 
advisable; and/or (b) completion of any registration or other qualification 
of such Shares under any state or federal law or ruling of any governmental 
body that the Company determines to be necessary or advisable. The Company 
will be under no obligation to register the Shares with the SEC or to 
effect compliance with the registration, qualification or listing 
requirements of any state securities laws, stock exchange or automated 
quotation system, and the Company will have no liability for any inability 
or failure to do so.

        17.    NO OBLIGATION TO EMPLOY.    Nothing in this Plan or any 
Award granted under this Plan will confer or be deemed to confer on any 
Participant any right to continue in the employ of, or to continue any 
other relationship with, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the 
Company or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Parent or 
Subsidiary of the Company to terminate Participant's employment or other 
relationship at any time, with or without cause.

        18.    CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS.    

              18.1    Assumption or Replacement of Awards by Successor.   
      Except for automatic grants to Outside Directors pursuant to Section
      9 hereof, in the event of (a) a dissolution or liquidation of the
      Company, (b) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not
      the surviving corporation (other than a merger or consolidation with
      a wholly-owned subsidiary, a reincorporation of the Company in a
      different jurisdiction, or other transaction in which there is no
      substantial change in

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      the stockholders of the Company or their relative stock holdings and
      the Awards granted under this Plan are assumed, converted or replaced
      by the successor corporation, which assumption will be binding on all
      Participants), (c) a merger in which the Company is the surviving
      corporation but after which the stockholders of the Company
      immediately prior to such merger (other than any stockholder that
      merges, or which owns or controls another corporation that merges,
      with the Company in such merger) cease to own their shares or other
      equity interest in the Company, (d) the sale of substantially all of
      the assets of the Company, or (e) the acquisition, sale, or transfer
      of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Company by tender
      offer or similar transaction (each, a "Corporate Transaction"), any
      or all outstanding Awards may be assumed, converted or replaced by
      the successor corporation (if any), which assumption, conversion or
      replacement will be binding on all Participants. In the alternative,
      the successor corporation may substitute equivalent Awards or provide
      substantially similar consideration to Participants as was provided
      to stockholders (after taking into account the existing provisions of
      the Awards). The successor corporation may also issue, in place of
      outstanding Shares of the Company held by the Participants,
      substantially similar shares or other property subject to repurchase
      restrictions no less favorable to the Participant. In the event such
      successor corporation (if any) refuses to assume or substitute
      Awards, as provided above, pursuant to a transaction described in
      this Subsection 18.1, such Awards will expire on such transaction at
      such time and on such conditions as the Committee will determine.
      Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Committee
      may, in its sole discretion, provide that the vesting of any or all
      Awards granted pursuant to this Plan will accelerate upon a
      transaction described in this Section 18. If the Committee exercises
      such discretion with respect to Options, such Options will become
      exercisable in full prior to the consummation of such event at such
      time and on such conditions as the Committee determines, and if such
      Options are not exercised prior to the consummation of the corporate
      transaction, they shall terminate at such time as determined by the
      Committee.

              18.2    Other Treatment of Awards.    Subject to any greater
      rights granted to Participants under the foregoing provisions of this
      Section 18, in the event of the occurrence of any Corporate
      Transaction described in Section 18.1, any outstanding Awards will be
      treated as provided in the applicable agreement or plan of merger,
      consolidation, dissolution, liquidation, or sale of assets.

              18.3    Assumption of Awards by the Company.    The Company,
      from time to time, also may substitute or assume outstanding awards
      granted by another company, whether in connection with an acquisition
      of such other company or otherwise, by either; (a) granting an Award
      under this Plan in substitution of such other company's award; or (b)
      assuming such award as if it had been granted under this Plan if the
      terms of such assumed award could be applied to an Award granted
      under this Plan. Such substitution or assumption will be permissible
      if the holder of the substituted or assumed award would have been
      eligible to be granted an Award under this Plan if the other company
      had applied the rules of this Plan to such grant. In the event the
      Company assumes an award granted by another company, the terms and
      conditions of such award will remain unchanged (except that the
      exercise price and the number and nature of Shares issuable upon
      exercise of any such option will be adjusted appropriately pursuant
      to Section 424(a) of the Code). In the event the Company elects to
      grant a new Option rather than assuming an existing option, such new
      Option may be granted with a similarly adjusted Exercise Price.

        19.    ADOPTION AND STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL.    This Plan will become 
effective on the date on which the registration statement filed by the 
Company with the SEC under the Securities Act registering the initial 
public offering of the Company's Common Stock is declared effective by the 
SEC (the "Effective Date"). This Plan shall be approved by the stockholders 
of the Company (excluding Shares issued pursuant to this Plan), consistent 
with applicable laws, within twelve (12) months before or after the date 
this Plan is adopted by the Board. Upon the Effective Date, the Committee 
may grant Awards pursuant to this Plan; provided, however, that: (a) no 
Option may be exercised prior to initial

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------

stockholder approval of this Plan; (b) no Option granted pursuant to an 
increase in the number of Shares subject to this Plan approved by the Board 
will be exercised prior to the time such increase has been approved by the 
stockholders of the Company; (c) in the event that initial stockholder 
approval is not obtained within the time period provided herein, all Awards 
granted hereunder shall be cancelled, any Shares issued pursuant to any 
Awards shall be cancelled and any purchase of Shares issued hereunder shall 
be rescinded; and (d) in the event that stockholder approval of such 
increase is not obtained within the time period provided herein, all Awards 
granted pursuant to such increase will be cancelled, any Shares issued 
pursuant to any Award granted pursuant to such increase will be cancelled, 
and any purchase of Shares pursuant to such increase will be rescinded.

        20.    TERM OF PLAN/GOVERNING LAW.    Unless earlier terminated as 
provided herein, this Plan will terminate ten (10) years from the date this 
Plan is adopted by the Board or, if earlier, the date of stockholder 
approval. This Plan and all agreements thereunder shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

        21.    AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN.    The Board may at any 
time terminate or amend this Plan in any respect, including without 
limitation amendment of any form of Award Agreement or instrument to be 
executed pursuant to this Plan; provided, however, that the Board will not, 
without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, amend this Plan in 
any manner that requires such stockholder approval.

        22.    NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN.    Neither the adoption of this 
Plan by the Board, the submission of this Plan to the stockholders of the 
Company for approval, nor any provision of this Plan will be construed as 
creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional 
compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without 
limitation, the granting of stock options and bonuses otherwise than under 
this Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or 
applicable only in specific cases.

        23.    INSIDER TRADING POLICY.    Each Participant and Outsider 
Director who receives an Award shall comply with any policy, adopted by the 
Company from time to time covering transactions in the Company's securities 
by employees, officers and/or directors of the Company.

        24.    DEFINITIONS.    As used in this Plan, the following terms 
will have the following meanings:

              "Award" means any award under this Plan, including any
      Option, Restricted Stock or Stock Bonus.

              "Award Agreement" means, with respect to each Award, the
      signed written agreement between the Company and the Participant
      setting forth the terms and conditions of the Award.

              "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

              "Cause" means (a) the commission of an act of theft,
      embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, (b) a breach of fiduciary duty to
      the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company or (c) a failure
      to materially perform the customary duties of employee's employment.

              "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

              "Committee" means the Compensation Committee of the Board.

              "Company" means FormFactor, Inc. or any successor
      corporation.

              "Disability" means a disability, whether temporary or
      permanent, partial or total, as determined by the Committee.

              "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
      amended.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


              "Exercise Price" means the price at which a holder of an
      Option may purchase the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Option.

              "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of a
      share of the Company's Common Stock determined as follows:

            (a)
                if such Common Stock is then quoted on the Nasdaq Global
                Market, its closing price on the Nasdaq Global Market on
                the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street
                Journal;

            (b)
                if such Common Stock is publicly traded and is then listed
                on a national securities exchange, its closing price on the
                date of determination on the principal national securities
                exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to
                trading as reported in The Wall Street Journal;

            (c)
                if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is not quoted
                on the Nasdaq Global Market nor listed or admitted to
                trading on a national securities exchange, the average of
                the closing bid and asked prices on the date of
                determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal;

            (d)
                in the case of an Award made on the Effective Date, the
                price per share at which shares of the Company's Common
                Stock are initially offered for sale to the public by the
                Company's underwriters in the initial public offering of
                the Company's Common Stock pursuant to a registration
                statement filed with the SEC under the Securities Act; or

            (e)
                if none of the foregoing is applicable, by the Committee in
                good faith.

              "Family Member" includes any of the following:

            (a)
                child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent,
                grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew,
                mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law,
                brother-in-law, or sister-in-law of the Participant,
                including any such person with such relationship to the
                Participant by adoption;

            (b)
                any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the
                Participant's household;

            (c)
                a trust in which the persons in (a) and (b) have more than
                fifty percent of the beneficial interest;

            (d)
                a foundation in which the persons in (a) and (b) or the
                Participant control the management of assets; or

            (e)
                any other entity in which the persons in (a) and (b) or the
                Participant own more than fifty percent of the voting
                interest.

              "Insider" means an officer or director of the Company or any
      other person whose transactions in the Company's Common Stock are
      subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

              "Option" means an award of an option to purchase Shares
      pursuant to Section 5.

              "Outside Director" means a member of the Board who is not an
      employee of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary.

              "Parent" means any corporation (other than the Company) in an
      unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of
      such corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50% or
      more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in
      one of the other corporations in such chain.

              "Participant" means a person who receives an Award under this
      Plan.

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


              "Performance Factors" means the factors selected by the
      Committee from among the following measures to determine whether the
      performance goals established by the Committee and applicable to
      Awards have been satisfied:

            (a)
                Net revenue and/or net revenue growth;

            (b)
                Earnings before income taxes and amortization and/or
                earnings before income taxes and amortization growth;

            (c)
                Operating income and/or operating income growth;

            (d)
                Net income and/or net income growth;

            (e)
                Earnings per share and/or earnings per share growth;

            (f)
                Total stockholder return and/or total stockholder return
                growth;

            (g)
                Return on equity;

            (h)
                Operating cash flow return on income;

            (i)
                Adjusted operating cash flow return on income;

            (j)
                Economic value added; and

            (k)
                Individual confidential business objectives.

              "Performance Period" means the period of service determined
      by the Committee, not to exceed five years, during which years of
      service or performance is to be measured for Restricted Stock Awards
      or Stock Bonuses.

              "Plan" means this FormFactor, Inc. 2002 Equity Incentive
      Plan, as amended from time to time.

              "Restricted Stock Award" means an award of Shares pursuant to
      Section 6.

              "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

              "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as
      amended.

              "Shares" means shares of the Company's Common Stock reserved
      for issuance under this Plan, as adjusted pursuant to Sections 2 and
      18, and any successor security.

              "Stock Bonus" means an award of Shares, or cash in lieu of
      Shares, pursuant to Section 7.

              "Subsidiary" means any corporation (other than the Company)
      in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if
      each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the
      unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total
      combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other
      corporations in such chain.

              "Termination" or "Terminated" means, for purposes of this
      Plan with respect to a Participant, that the Participant has for any
      reason ceased to provide services as an employee, officer, director,
      consultant, independent contractor, or advisor to the Company or a
      Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. An employee will not be deemed
      to have ceased to provide services in the case of (i) sick leave,
      (ii) military leave, or (iii) any other leave of absence approved by
      the Committee, provided, that such leave is for a period of not more
      than 90 days, unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave
      is guaranteed by contract or statute or unless provided otherwise
      pursuant to formal policy adopted from time to time by the Company
      and issued and promulgated to employees in writing. In the case of
      any employee on an approved leave of absence, the Committee may make
      such provisions respecting suspension of vesting of the Award while
      on leave from the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary as it may
      deem appropriate, except that in no

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      event may an Option be exercised after the expiration of the term set
      forth in the Option agreement. The Committee will have sole
      discretion to determine whether a Participant has ceased to provide
      services and the effective date on which the Participant ceased to
      provide services (the "Termination Date").

              "Unvested Shares" means "Unvested Shares" as defined in the
      Award Agreement.

              "Vested Shares" means "Vested Shares" as defined in the Award
      Agreement.

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------

DIRECTOR INITIAL GRANT

NO.             

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

        FormFactor, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), hereby 
grants an option (this "OPTION") to the Optionee named below ("OPTIONEE") 
as of the Date of Grant set forth below (the "DATE OF GRANT") pursuant to 
the Company's 2002 Equity Incentive Plan (the "PLAN") and this Stock Option 
Agreement (this "AGREEMENT"), which includes the Terms and Conditions (the 
"TERMS AND CONDITIONS") set forth on Exhibit A hereto. Capitalized terms 
not defined in this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Plan.

OPTIONEE: 	  	 

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: 	
  	
 

OPTIONEE'S ADDRESS: 	
  	
 

TOTAL OPTION SHARES: 	
  	
 

EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE: 	
  	
 

DATE OF GRANT: 	
  	
 

EXPIRATION DATE: 	
  	
(unless earlier terminated under Section 3 hereof or pursuant to Section 9 
of the Plan)

START DATE: 	
  	
 

VESTING SCHEDULE: 	
  	
1/12 of the Shares will vest on each monthly anniversary of the Start Date 
until 100% vested.

TYPE OF STOCK OPTION: 	
  	
Nonqualified Stock Option

        The Company has signed this Agreement effective as the Date of 
Grant and has caused it to be executed in duplicate by its duly authorized 
representative.

FORMFACTOR, INC. 	  	 

By: 	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print title) 	
  	
 

        Optionee acknowledges receipt of this Agreement (including the 
Terms and Conditions), a copy of the Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit C, 
and the form of Exercise Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit B. Optionee 
has read and understands these documents and accepts this Option subject to 
all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Optionee has 
executed this Agreement in duplicate as of the Date of Grant.

OPTIONEE 	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

DIRECTOR INITIAL GRANT


EXHIBIT A

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS

        This Option is subject to the following Terms and Conditions and 
the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by 
reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Exercise Agreement constitute 
the entire agreement and understanding of the Company and the Optionee with 
respect to this Option and supersede all prior understandings and 
agreements with respect to such subject matter. If there is any 
discrepancy, conflict or omission between this Agreement and the provisions 
of the Plan as interpreted by the Committee, the provisions of the Plan 
shall apply.

1.    GRANT OF OPTION.    The Company hereby grants to Optionee this Option 
to purchase up to the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Company 
(the "SHARES") at the Exercise Price Per Share (the "EXERCISE PRICE"), each 
as set forth on the first page of this Agreement, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement and the Plan.

2.    EXERCISE PERIOD.    

        2.1    Vesting of Shares.    This Option is immediately 
exercisable, although the Shares issued upon exercise of this Option will 
be subject to the restrictions on transfer and Repurchase Option set forth 
in this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this 
Agreement, this Option shall vest as set forth on the first page of this 
Agreement if Optionee has continuously served as a director and/or 
consultant of the Company. Shares that are vested pursuant to the schedule 
set forth on the first page of this Agreement are "VESTED SHARES." Shares 
that are not vested pursuant to the schedule set forth on the first page of 
this Agreement are "UNVESTED Shares." Options for Unvested Shares will not 
be exercisable on or after an Optionee's Termination Date. In the event of 
a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the Plan) the Shares shall vest and 
become exercisable upon the terms and conditions of Section 9.5 of the 
Plan.

        2.2    Expiration.    This Option shall expire on the Expiration 
Date set forth on the first page of this Agreement and must be exercised, 
if at all, on or before the earlier of the Expiration Date or the date on 
which this Option is earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 3 of this Agreement or Section 9 of the Plan.

3.    TERMINATION.    Except as provided below in this Section, this Option 
shall terminate and may not be exercised if Optionee ceases to be either a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Company or a consultant to the 
Company ("BOARD MEMBER"). The date on which Optionee ceases to be a Board 
Member shall be referred to as the "TERMINATION DATE."

        3.1    Termination for Any Reason Except Death or Disability.    If 
Optionee ceases to be a Board Member for any reason except death or 
Disability (as such term is defined in the Plan), then this Option, to the 
extent (and only to the extent) that it is vested on the Termination Date 
in accordance with the schedule set forth on the first page of this 
Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee during the three (3) months 
following the Termination Date, but in any event must be exercised no later 
than the Expiration Date.

        3.2    Termination Because of Death or Disability.    If Optionee 
ceases to be a Board Member due to Optionee's death or Disability (or dies 
within 3 months after a termination because of Disability), then this 
Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that it is vested on the 
Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set forth on the first 
page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee (or Optionee's legal 
representative or authorized assignee) no later than twelve (12) months 
following the Termination Date, but in any event must be exercised no later 
than the Expiration Date.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

FormFactor, Inc.
Stock Option Agreement
For Non-Employee Directors
2002 Equity Incentive Plan

        3.3    No Obligation or Right to Continue as Board Member.    
Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement confers on Optionee any right or 
obligation to continue as a Board Member or in any other relationship with 
the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company (or any 
successor-in-interest to the Company).

4.    MANNER OF EXERCISE.    

        4.1    Stock Option Exercise Agreement.    To exercise this Option, 
Optionee (or in the case of exercise after Optionee's death or Disability, 
Optionee's legal representative) must deliver to the Company an executed 
stock option exercise agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, 
or in such other form as may be approved by the Committee from time to time 
(the "EXERCISE AGREEMENT"). If someone other than Optionee exercises this 
Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to 
the Company that such person has the right to exercise this Option.

        4.2    Limitations on Exercise.    This Option may not be exercised 
(a) unless such exercise is in compliance with all applicable federal and 
state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock 
exchange on which the Company's Common Stock may be listed at the time of 
such issuance and (b) as to fewer than 100 Shares unless it is exercised as 
to all Shares as to which this Option is then exercisable. The Company is 
under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC, any 
state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such 
compliance.

        4.3    Payment.    The Exercise Agreement shall be accompanied by 
full payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased in cash 
(by check), or, where permitted by law, by any method set forth in the 
Exercise Agreement or any additional method approved by the Committee from 
time to time.

        4.4    Tax Withholding.    At the time of exercise, Optionee must 
pay or provide for any applicable federal or state withholding obligations 
of the Company associated with the exercise of this Option. If the 
Committee permits at the time of exercise, Optionee may provide for payment 
of withholding taxes upon exercise of this Option by requesting that the 
Company retain Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount 
of taxes required to be withheld, in which case, the Company shall issue 
the net number of Shares to Optionee after deducting the Shares retained 
from the Shares issuable upon exercise.

5.    COMPANY'S REPURCHASE OPTION FOR UNVESTED SHARES.    In the event 
Optionee ceases to be a Board Member for any reason, the Company, or its 
assignee, shall have the option to repurchase Optionee's Unvested Shares 
(the "REPURCHASE OPTION") at any time within ninety (90) days after the 
later of Optionee's Termination Date and the date Optionee purchases the 
Shares by giving Optionee written notice of its election to exercise the 
Repurchase Option. The Company or its assignee may repurchase from Optionee 
(or from Optionee's legal representative, as the case may be) all or a 
portion of the Unvested Shares at Optionee's Exercise Price, 
proportionately adjusted for any stock split or similar change in the 
capital structure of the Company as set forth in Section 2.2 of the Plan, 
which repurchase price shall be paid, at the option of the Company or its 
assignee, by check or by cancellation of all or a portion of any 
outstanding indebtedness of Optionee to the Company or such assignee, or by 
any combination thereof. The repurchase price shall be paid without 
interest within the ninety (90) day time period set forth above.

6.    NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION AND SHARES.    This Option may not be 
transferred in any manner other than under the terms and conditions of the 
Plan or by will or by the laws of descent

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


and distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only 
by Optionee. The terms of this Option shall be binding upon the legal 
representatives and authorized executors and assignees of Optionee. 
Unvested Shares may not be sold or otherwise transferred without the 
Company's prior written consent.

7.    TAX CONSEQUENCES.    Optionee should refer to the prospectus for the 
Plan for a description of the federal tax consequences of exercising this 
Option, including the effects of filing an election under 83(b) of the Code 
in connection with the exercise of this Option for Unvested Shares, and 
disposing of the Shares. A copy of the Prospectus is available at the 
Finance/Stock Administration page of the Company's internal website, or 
upon request from the Company's Stock Administrator at (925) 456-7334.

8.    PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP.    Optionee shall not have any of the 
rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are 
issued to Optionee.

9.    NOTICES.    Any notice required to be given or delivered to the 
Company under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed 
to the Corporate Secretary of the Company at its principal corporate 
offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to Optionee shall be 
in writing and addressed to Optionee at the address indicated on the first 
page of this Agreement or to such other address as such party may designate 
in writing from time to time to the Company. All notices shall be deemed to 
have been given or delivered upon: personal delivery; three (3) days after 
deposit in the United States mail by certified or registered mail (return 
receipt requested); one (1) business day after deposit with any return 
receipt express courier (prepaid); or one (1) business day after 
transmission by facsimile or email.

10.    SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.    The Company may assign any of its rights 
under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement shall be binding 
upon Optionee and Optionee's legal representatives and authorized 
assignees.

11.    GOVERNING LAW.    This Agreement shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California, without 
regard to that body of law pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stock Option Agreement No.             

EXHIBIT B

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (THE "PLAN")
STOCK OPTION EXERCISE AGREEMENT

        I ("OPTIONEE") hereby elect to purchase the number of shares of 
Common Stock of FormFactor, Inc. (the "Company") indicated below:

Optionee 	  	 

Social Security Number: 	
  	
 

Address: 	
  	
 

Type of Option: 	
  	
o Incentive Stock Option
  	  	o Nonqualified Stock Option

Number of Shares Purchased: 	
  	
 

Purchase Price per Share: 	
  	
 

Aggregate Purchase Price: 	
  	
 

Date of Grant: 	
  	
 

Exact Name of Title to Shares: 	
  	
 

        1.     DELIVERY OF PURCHASE PRICE. Optionee hereby delivers to the 
Company the Aggregate Purchase Price as follows (check as applicable and 
complete):

o
    in cash (by check) in the amount of $                                  
            , receipt of which is acknowledged by the Company;

o
    [by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to Optionee in the
    amount of $                                           ;]

o
    [by delivery of                        fully-paid, nonassessable and
    vested shares of the Common Stock of the Company owned by Optionee for
    at least six (6) months prior to the date hereof (and which have been
    paid for within the meaning of SEC Rule 144), or obtained by Optionee
    in the open public market, and owned free and clear of all liens,
    claims, encumbrances or security interests, valued at the current Fair
    Market Value of $                                           per share;]

o
    [by the waiver hereby of compensation due or accrued to Optionee for
    services rendered in the amount of $                         ;]

o
    through a "same-day-sale" commitment from Optionee and a broker-dealer
    that is a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers (an
    "NASD DEALER") whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the
    Option and to sell a portion of the Shares so purchased to pay for the
    Aggregate Purchase Price and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably
    commits upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase
    Price (together with any required tax withholding) directly to the
    Company; or

o
    [through a "margin" commitment from Optionee and the NASD Dealer named
    therein, whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the Option and
    to pledge the Shares so purchased to the NASD Dealer in a margin
    account as security for a loan from the NASD Dealer in the amount of
    the Exercise Price, and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably commits
    upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase Price
    (together with any required tax withholding) directly to the Company.]

        2.     UNDERTAKINGS. Optionee acknowledges that any Unvested Shares 
remain subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Optionee's Stock Option 
Agreement. If Optionee is married, the Spousal Consent, attached hereto as 
Exhibit 1, should be completed by Optionee's spouse and returned with this 
Agreement.

        3      TAX CONSEQUENCES. OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT OPTIONEE MAY 
SUFFER ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES AS A RESULT OF OPTIONEE'S PURCHASE OR 
DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES. OPTIONEE REPRESENTS THAT OPTIONEE HAS CONSULTED 
WITH ANY TAX CONSULTANT(S) OPTIONEE DEEMS ADVISABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
PURCHASE OR DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES AND THAT OPTIONEE IS NOT RELYING ON 
THE COMPANY FOR ANY TAX ADVICE.

        4.     ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Plan and the Stock Option Agreement 
are incorporated herein by reference. This Stock Option Exercise Agreement, 
the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement and 
understanding and supersede in their entirety all prior understandings and 
agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and are governed by California law except for that body of law 
pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 1

SPOUSAL CONSENT

        I have read the foregoing Stock Option Exercise Agreement (the 
"AGREEMENT") and I know its contents. I consent to and approve of the 
Agreement, and agree that the shares of the Common Stock of FormFactor, 
Inc. purchased pursuant to the Agreement (the "SHARES") including any 
interest I may have in the Shares, are subject to all the provisions of the 
Agreement. I will take no action at any time to hinder application of the 
Agreement to the Shares or to any interest I may have in the Shares.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE'S SPOUSE 	  	Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SPOUSE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPTIONEE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT C

FORMFACTOR, INC.

2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

------------------------------------------------------------------------

DIRECTOR SUCCEEDING GRANT

NO.             

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

        FormFactor, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), hereby 
grants an option (this "OPTION") to the Optionee named below ("OPTIONEE") 
as of the Date of Grant set forth below (the "DATE OF GRANT") pursuant to 
the Company's 2002 Equity Incentive Plan (the "PLAN") and this Stock Option 
Agreement (this "AGREEMENT"), which includes the Terms and Conditions (the 
"TERMS AND CONDITIONS") set forth on Exhibit A hereto. Capitalized terms 
not defined in this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Plan.

OPTIONEE: 	  	 

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: 	
  	
 

OPTIONEE'S ADDRESS: 	
  	
 

TOTAL OPTION SHARES: 	
  	
 

EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE: 	
  	
 

DATE OF GRANT: 	
  	
 

EXPIRATION DATE: 	
  	
(unless earlier terminated under Section 3 hereof or pursuant to Section 9 
of the Plan)

START DATE: 	
  	
 

VESTING SCHEDULE: 	
  	
1/12 of the Shares will vest on each monthly anniversary of the later of 
(a) the Start Date or (b) the date when all outstanding stock options and 
all outstanding shares issued upon exercise of any options granted to 
Optionee as an Outside Director prior to the Date of Grant have fully 
vested, until 100% vested.

TYPE OF STOCK OPTION: 	
  	
Nonqualified Stock Option

        The Company has signed this Agreement effective as the Date of 
Grant and has caused it to be executed in duplicate by its duly authorized 
representative.

FORMFACTOR, INC. 	  	 

By: 	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print title) 	
  	
 

        Optionee acknowledges receipt of this Agreement (including the 
Terms and Conditions), a copy of the Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit C, 
and the form of Exercise Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit B. Optionee 
has read and understands these documents and accepts this Option subject to 
all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Optionee has 
executed this Agreement in duplicate as of the Date of Grant.

OPTIONEE 	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

DIRECTOR SUCCEEDING GRANT


EXHIBIT A

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS

        This Option is subject to the following Terms and Conditions and 
the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by 
reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Exercise Agreement constitute 
the entire agreement and understanding of the Company and the Optionee with 
respect to this Option and supersede all prior understandings and 
agreements with respect to such subject matter. If there is any 
discrepancy, conflict or omission between this Agreement and the provisions 
of the Plan as interpreted by the Committee, the provisions of the Plan 
shall apply.

1.    GRANT OF OPTION.    The Company hereby grants to Optionee this Option 
to purchase up to the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Company 
(the "SHARES") at the Exercise Price Per Share (the "EXERCISE PRICE"), each 
as set forth on the first page of this Agreement, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement and the Plan.

2.    EXERCISE PERIOD.    

        2.1    Vesting of Shares.    This Option is immediately 
exercisable, although the Shares issued upon exercise of this Option will 
be subject to the restrictions on transfer and Repurchase Option set forth 
in this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this 
Agreement, this Option shall vest as set forth on the first page of this 
Agreement if Optionee has continuously served as a director and/or 
consultant of the Company. Shares that are vested pursuant to the schedule 
set forth on the first page of this Agreement are "VESTED SHARES." Shares 
that are not vested pursuant to the schedule set forth on the first page of 
this Agreement are "UNVESTED SHARES." Options for Unvested Shares will not 
be exercisable on or after an Optionee's Termination Date. In the event of 
a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the Plan) the Shares shall vest and 
become exercisable upon the terms and conditions of Section 9.5 of the 
Plan.

        2.2    Expiration.    This Option shall expire on the Expiration 
Date set forth on the first page of this Agreement and must be exercised, 
if at all, on or before the earlier of the Expiration Date or the date on 
which this Option is earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 3 of this Agreement or Section 9 of the Plan.

3.    TERMINATION.    Except as provided below in this Section, this Option 
shall terminate and may not be exercised if Optionee ceases to be either a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Company or a consultant to the 
Company ("BOARD MEMBER"). The date on which Optionee ceases to be a Board 
Member shall be referred to as the "TERMINATION DATE."

        3.1    Termination for Any Reason Except Death or Disability.    If 
Optionee ceases to be a Board Member for any reason except death or 
Disability (as such term is defined in the Plan), then this Option, to the 
extent (and only to the extent) that it is vested on the Termination Date 
in accordance with the schedule set forth on the first page of this 
Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee during the three (3) months 
following the Termination Date, but in any event must be exercised no later 
than the Expiration Date.

        3.2    Termination Because of Death or Disability.    If Optionee 
ceases to be a Board Member due to Optionee's death or Disability (or dies 
within 3 months after a termination because of Disability), then this 
Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that it is vested on the 
Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set forth on the first 
page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee (or Optionee's legal 
representative or authorized assignee) no later than twelve (12) months 
following the Termination Date, but in any event must be exercised no later 
than the Expiration Date.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

FormFactor, Inc.
Stock Option Agreement
For Non-Employee Directors
2002 Equity Incentive Plan

        3.3    No Obligation or Right to Continue as Board Member.    
Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement confers on Optionee any right or 
obligation to continue as a Board Member or in any other relationship with 
the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company (or any 
successor-in-interest to the Company).

4.    MANNER OF EXERCISE.    

        4.1    Stock Option Exercise Agreement.    To exercise this Option, 
Optionee (or in the case of exercise after Optionee's death or Disability, 
Optionee's legal representative) must deliver to the Company an executed 
stock option exercise agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, 
or in such other form as may be approved by the Committee from time to time 
(the "EXERCISE AGREEMENT"). If someone other than Optionee exercises this 
Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to 
the Company that such person has the right to exercise this Option.

        4.2    Limitations on Exercise.    This Option may not be exercised 
(a) unless such exercise is in compliance with all applicable federal and 
state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock 
exchange on which the Company's Common Stock may be listed at the time of 
such issuance and (b) as to fewer than 100 Shares unless it is exercised as 
to all Shares as to which this Option is then exercisable. The Company is 
under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC, any 
state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such 
compliance.

        4.3    Payment.    The Exercise Agreement shall be accompanied by 
full payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased in cash 
(by check), or, where permitted by law, by any method set forth in the 
Exercise Agreement or any additional method approved by the Committee from 
time to time.

        4.4    Tax Withholding.    At the time of exercise, Optionee must 
pay or provide for any applicable federal or state withholding obligations 
of the Company associated with the exercise of this Option. If the 
Committee permits at the time of exercise, Optionee may provide for payment 
of withholding taxes upon exercise of this Option by requesting that the 
Company retain Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount 
of taxes required to be withheld, in which case, the Company shall issue 
the net number of Shares to Optionee after deducting the Shares retained 
from the Shares issuable upon exercise.

5.    COMPANY'S REPURCHASE OPTION FOR UNVESTED SHARES.    In the event 
Optionee ceases to be a Board Member for any reason, the Company, or its 
assignee, shall have the option to repurchase Optionee's Unvested Shares 
(the "REPURCHASE OPTION") at any time within ninety (90) days after the 
later of Optionee's Termination Date and the date Optionee purchases the 
Shares by giving Optionee written notice of its election to exercise the 
Repurchase Option. The Company or its assignee may repurchase from Optionee 
(or from Optionee's legal representative, as the case may be) all or a 
portion of the Unvested Shares at Optionee's Exercise Price, 
proportionately adjusted for any stock split or similar change in the 
capital structure of the Company as set forth in Section 2.2 of the Plan, 
which repurchase price shall be paid, at the option of the Company or its 
assignee, by check or by cancellation of all or a portion of any 
outstanding indebtedness of Optionee to the Company or such assignee, or by 
any combination thereof. The repurchase price shall be paid without 
interest within the ninety (90) day time period set forth above.

6.    NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION AND SHARES.    This Option may not be 
transferred in any manner other than under the terms and conditions of the 
Plan or by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and may be 
exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by Optionee. The terms of 
this Option shall be binding upon the legal representatives and authorized 
executors and assignees of

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Optionee. Unvested Shares may not be sold or otherwise transferred without 
the Company's prior written consent.

7.    TAX CONSEQUENCES.    Optionee should refer to the prospectus for the 
Plan for a description of the federal tax consequences of exercising this 
Option, including the effects of filing an election under 83(b) of the Code 
in connection with the exercise of this Option for Unvested Shares, and 
disposing of the Shares. A copy of the Prospectus is available at the 
Finance/Stock Administration page of the Company's internal website, or 
upon request from the Company's Stock Administrator at (925) 456-7334.

8.    PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP.    Optionee shall not have any of the 
rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are 
issued to Optionee.

9.    NOTICES.    Any notice required to be given or delivered to the 
Company under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed 
to the Corporate Secretary of the Company at its principal corporate 
offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to Optionee shall be 
in writing and addressed to Optionee at the address indicated on the first 
page of this Agreement or to such other address as such party may designate 
in writing from time to time to the Company. All notices shall be deemed to 
have been given or delivered upon: personal delivery; three (3) days after 
deposit in the United States mail by certified or registered mail (return 
receipt requested); one (1) business day after deposit with any return 
receipt express courier (prepaid); or one (1) business day after 
transmission by facsimile or email.

10.    SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.    The Company may assign any of its rights 
under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the successors and

assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth 
herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon Optionee and Optionee's legal 
representatives and authorized assignees.

11.    GOVERNING LAW.    This Agreement shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California, without 
regard to that body of law pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stock Option Agreement No.             

EXHIBIT B

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (THE "PLAN")
STOCK OPTION EXERCISE AGREEMENT

        I ("OPTIONEE") hereby elect to purchase the number of shares of 
Common Stock of FormFactor, Inc. (the "Company") indicated below:

Optionee 	  	 

Social Security Number: 	
  	
 

Address: 	
  	
 

Type of Option: 	
  	
o Incentive Stock Option
  	  	o Nonqualified Stock Option

Number of Shares Purchased: 	
  	
 

Purchase Price per Share: 	
  	
 

Aggregate Purchase Price: 	
  	
 

Date of Grant: 	
  	
 

Exact Name of Title to Shares: 	
  	
 

        1.     DELIVERY OF PURCHASE PRICE. Optionee hereby delivers to the 
Company the Aggregate Purchase Price as follows (check as applicable and 
complete):

o
    in cash (by check) in the amount of $                                  
            , receipt of which is acknowledged by the Company;

o
    [by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to Optionee in the
    amount of $                                           ;]

o
    [by delivery of                        fully-paid, nonassessable and
    vested shares of the Common Stock of the Company owned by Optionee for
    at least six (6) months prior to the date hereof (and which have been
    paid for within the meaning of SEC Rule 144), or obtained by Optionee
    in the open public market, and owned free and clear of all liens,
    claims, encumbrances or security interests, valued at the current Fair
    Market Value of $                                           per share;]

o
    [by the waiver hereby of compensation due or accrued to Optionee for
    services rendered in the amount of $                         ;]

o
    through a "same-day-sale" commitment from Optionee and a broker-dealer
    that is a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers (an
    "NASD DEALER") whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the
    Option and to sell a portion of the Shares so purchased to pay for the
    Aggregate Purchase Price and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably
    commits upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase
    Price (together with any required tax withholding) directly to the
    Company; or

o
    [through a "margin" commitment from Optionee and the NASD Dealer named
    therein, whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the Option and
    to pledge the Shares so purchased to the NASD Dealer in a margin
    account as security for a loan from the NASD Dealer in the amount of
    the Exercise Price, and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably commits
    upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase Price
    (together with any required tax withholding) directly to the Company.]

        2.     UNDERTAKINGS. Optionee acknowledges that any Unvested Shares 
remain subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Optionee's Stock Option 
Agreement. If Optionee is married, the Spousal Consent, attached hereto as 
Exhibit 1, should be completed by Optionee's spouse and returned with this 
Agreement.

        3.     TAX CONSEQUENCES. OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT OPTIONEE MAY 
SUFFER ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES AS A RESULT OF OPTIONEE'S PURCHASE OR 
DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES. OPTIONEE REPRESENTS THAT OPTIONEE HAS CONSULTED 
WITH ANY TAX CONSULTANT(S) OPTIONEE DEEMS ADVISABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
PURCHASE OR DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES AND THAT OPTIONEE IS NOT RELYING ON 
THE COMPANY FOR ANY TAX ADVICE.

        4.     ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Plan and the Stock Option Agreement 
are incorporated herein by reference. This Stock Option Exercise Agreement, 
the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement and 
understanding and supersede in their entirety all prior understandings and 
agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and are governed by California law except for that body of law 
pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 1

SPOUSAL CONSENT

        I have read the foregoing Stock Option Exercise Agreement (the 
"AGREEMENT") and I know its contents. I consent to and approve of the 
Agreement, and agree that the shares of the Common Stock of FormFactor, 
Inc. purchased pursuant to the Agreement (the "SHARES") including any 
interest I may have in the Shares, are subject to all the provisions of the 
Agreement. I will take no action at any time to hinder application of the 
Agreement to the Shares or to any interest I may have in the Shares.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE'S SPOUSE 	  	Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SPOUSE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPTIONEE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

DIRECTOR SUCCEEDING GRANT


EXHIBIT C

FORMFACTOR, INC.

2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

------------------------------------------------------------------------

NON-EXEMPT/EXERCISABLE AFTER 6 MONTHS

NO.             

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

        FormFactor, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), hereby 
grants an option (this "OPTION") to the Optionee named below ("OPTIONEE") 
as of the Date of Grant set forth below (the "DATE OF GRANT") pursuant to 
the Company's 2002 Equity Incentive Plan (the "PLAN") and this Stock Option 
Agreement (this "AGREEMENT"), which includes the Terms and Conditions (the 
"TERMS AND CONDITIONS") set forth on Exhibit A hereto. Capitalized terms 
not defined in this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Plan.

OPTIONEE: 	  	 

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: 	
  	
 

OPTIONEE'S ADDRESS: 	
  	
 

TOTAL OPTION SHARES: 	
  	
 

EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE: 	
  	
 

DATE OF GRANT: 	
  	
 

EXPIRATION DATE: 	
  	
(unless earlier terminated under Section 3 hereof or pursuant to Section 18 
of the Plan)

FIRST VESTING DATE: 	
  	
 

VESTING SCHEDULE: 	
  	
    % of the Shares will vest on the First Vesting Date; then
    % of the Shares will vest on each monthly anniversary of the First 
Vesting Date until 100% vested.

TYPE OF STOCK OPTION: 	
  	
o INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION

(CHECK ONE): 	
  	
o NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

        The Company has signed this Agreement effective as the Date of 
Grant and has caused it to be executed in duplicate by its duly authorized 
representative.

FORMFACTOR, INC. 	  	 

By: 	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print title) 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

FormFactor, Inc.
Stock Option Agreement
2002 Equity Incentive Plan
No.             

        Optionee acknowledges receipt of this Agreement (including the 
Terms and Conditions), a copy of the Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit C, 
and the form of Exercise Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit B. Optionee 
has read and understands these documents and accepts this Option subject to 
all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Optionee has 
executed this Agreement in duplicate as of the Date of Grant.

OPTIONEE 	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

FormFactor, Inc.
Stock Option Agreement
2002 Equity Incentive Plan
Terms & Conditions


EXHIBIT A

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS

        This Option is subject to the following Terms and Conditions and 
the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by 
reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Exercise Agreement constitute 
the entire agreement and understanding of the Company and the Optionee with 
respect to this Option and supersede all prior understandings and 
agreements with respect to such subject matter. If there is any 
discrepancy, conflict or omission between this Agreement and the provisions 
of the Plan as interpreted by the Committee, the provisions of the Plan 
shall apply.

1.    GRANT OF OPTION.    The Company hereby grants to Optionee this Option 
to purchase up to the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Company 
(the "SHARES") at the Exercise Price Per Share (the "EXERCISE PRICE"), each 
as set forth on the first page of this Agreement, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. If designated as an Incentive 
Stock Option, this Option is intended to qualify to the extent permitted as 
an "incentive stock option" ("ISO") within the meaning of Section 422 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "CODE").

2.    EXERCISE PERIOD.    

        2.1    Vesting of Shares.    This Option is exercisable beginning 
six (6) months from the Date of Grant, although the Shares issued upon 
exercise of this Option will be subject to the restrictions on transfer and 
Repurchase Option set forth in this Agreement. Subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, this Option shall vest as set 
forth on the first page of this Agreement if Optionee has continuously 
provided services to the Company, or any Parent or Subsidiary of the 
Company. Shares that are vested pursuant to the schedule set forth on the 
first page of this Agreement are "VESTED SHARES." Shares that are not 
vested pursuant to the schedule set forth on the first page of this 
Agreement are "UNVESTED SHARES." Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan 
or this Agreement to the contrary, Options for Unvested Shares will not be 
exercisable on or after an Optionee's Termination Date.

        2.2    Acceleration of Vesting in Certain Circumstances Following a 
Corporate Transaction.    In addition to the vesting provided herein, the 
Option and Shares subject to this Option shall become vested immediately 
prior to the occurrence of a Non-Justifiable Termination (as defined below) 
occurring during the period beginning on the date of consummation of a 
Corporate Transaction (as defined in the Plan) and ending twelve (12) 
months thereafter, as to an additional number of Shares equal to the number 
of Shares that would have vested during the twelve (12) months following 
the date of such Non-Justifiable Termination (which accelerated vesting is 
referred to herein as the "CORPORATE TRANSACTION VESTING"). 
"NON-JUSTIFIABLE TERMINATION" means any Termination by the Company, or any 
Parent or Subsidiary of the Company or the successor-in-interest to the 
Company following a Corporate Transaction, other

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

than for Cause (as defined below). "CAUSE" (for purposes of this paragraph 
only) means (i) any willful participation by Optionee in acts of either 
material fraud or material dishonesty against the Company or any Subsidiary 
or Parent of the Company or the successor-in-interest to the Company 
following a Corporate Transaction; (ii) any indictment or conviction of 
Optionee of any felony (excluding drunk driving); (iii) any willful act of 
gross misconduct by Optionee which is materially and demonstrably injurious 
to the Company or any Subsidiary or Parent of the Company or the 
successor-in-interest to the Company following a Corporate Transaction; or 
(iv) the death or Disability of Optionee. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary set forth in this Agreement, if a Corporate Transaction Vesting 
occurs by reason of a Non-Justifiable Termination, then this Option may be 
exercised by Optionee up to, but no later than, three (3) months after the 
date of such Non-Justifiable Termination, but in any event no later than 
the Expiration Date.]

        [2.3    Acceleration of Vesting on Death or Disability.    In the 
event of Termination of Optionee as a result of his or her death or 
"permanent and total disability," as such term is defined in Section 
22(e)(3) of the Code, then, in addition to the vesting provided herein, the 
Option and Shares subject to the Option shall become vested as to an 
additional number of Shares equal to the number of Shares that would have 
vested during the twelve (12) months following the Termination Date of 
Optionee; provided, however, such vested Option may be exercised no later 
than twelve (12) months after the Termination Date, but in any event no 
later than the Expiration Date.]

        2.[4]    Expiration.    This Option expires on the Expiration Date 
set forth on the first page of this Agreement and must be exercised, if at 
all, on or before the earlier of the Expiration Date or the date on which 
this Option is terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Section 
2, Section 3 of this Agreement or Section 18 of the Plan.

3.    TERMINATION.    

        3.1    Termination for Any Reason Except Death, Disability or 
Cause.    If Optionee is Terminated for any reason except Optionee's death, 
Disability or Cause (as such terms are defined in the Plan), then this 
Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that it is vested on the 
Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set forth on the first 
page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee during the three (3) 
months following the Termination Date, but in any event must be exercised 
no later than the Expiration Date.

        3.2    Termination Because of Death or Disability.    If Optionee 
is Terminated because of Optionee's death or Disability (or Optionee dies 
within three (3) months after Termination for any reason except Cause or 
Disability), then this Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that 
it is vested on the Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set 
forth on the first page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee (or 
Optionee's legal representative or authorized assignee) during the twelve 
(12) months following the Termination Date, but in any event must be 
exercised no later than the Expiration Date. Any exercise occurring more 
than

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

three months following the Termination Date (when the Termination is for 
any reason other than Optionee's death or disability (as defined in the 
Code)), shall be deemed to be the exercise of a nonqualified stock option.

        3.3    Termination for Cause.    If Optionee is Terminated for 
Cause, then this Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that it is 
vested on the Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set forth on 
the first page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee no later 
than one (1) month after the Termination Date, but in any event must be 
exercised no later than the Expiration Date.

        3.4    No Obligation to Employ.    Nothing in the Plan or this 
Agreement confers on Optionee any right to continue in the employ of, or 
other relationship with, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the 
Company (or any successor-in-interest to the Company), or limits in any way 
the right of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to 
terminate Optionee's employment or other relationship at any time, with or 
without Cause.

4.    MANNER OF EXERCISE.    

        4.1    Stock Option Exercise Agreement.    To exercise this Option, 
Optionee (or in the case of exercise after Optionee's death or Disability, 
Optionee's legal representative) must deliver to the Company an executed 
stock option exercise agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, 
or in such other form as may be approved by the Committee from time to time 
(the "EXERCISE AGREEMENT"). If someone other than Optionee exercises this 
Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to 
the Company that such person has the right to exercise this Option.

        4.2    Limitations on Exercise.    This Option may not be exercised 
(a) unless such exercise is in compliance with all applicable federal and 
state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock 
exchange on which the Company's Common Stock may be listed at the time of 
such issuance and (b) as to fewer than 100 Shares unless it is exercised as 
to all Shares as to which this Option is then exercisable. The Company is 
under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC, any 
state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such 
compliance.

        4.3    Payment.    The Exercise Agreement shall be accompanied by 
full payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased in cash 
(by check), or, where permitted by law, by any method set forth in the 
Exercise Agreement or any additional method approved by the Committee from 
time to time.

        4.4    Tax Withholding.    At the time of exercise, Optionee must 
pay or provide for any applicable federal or state withholding obligations 
of the Company associated with the exercise of this Option. If the 
Committee permits at the time of exercise, Optionee may provide for payment 
of withholding taxes upon exercise of this Option by requesting that the 
Company retain Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount 
of taxes required to be withheld,

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

in which case, the Company shall issue the net number of Shares to Optionee 
after deducting the Shares retained from the Shares issuable upon exercise.

5.    COMPANY'S REPURCHASE OPTION FOR UNVESTED SHARES.    In the event 
Optionee is Terminated for any reason, the Company, or its assignee, shall 
have the option to repurchase Optionee's Unvested Shares (the "REPURCHASE 
OPTION") at any time within ninety (90) days after the later of Optionee's 
Termination Date and the date Optionee purchases the Shares by giving 
Optionee written notice of its election to exercise the Repurchase Option. 
The Company or its assignee may repurchase from Optionee (or from 
Optionee's legal representative, as the case may be) all or a portion of 
the Unvested Shares at Optionee's Exercise Price, proportionately adjusted 
for any stock split or similar change in the capital structure of the 
Company as set forth in Section 2.2 of the Plan, which repurchase price 
shall be paid, at the option of the Company or its assignee, by check or by 
cancellation of all or a portion of any outstanding indebtedness of 
Optionee to the Company or such assignee, or by any combination thereof. 
The repurchase price shall be paid without interest within the ninety (90) 
day time period set forth above.

6.    NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION AND SHARES.    This Option may not be 
transferred in any manner other than under the terms and conditions of the 
Plan or by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and may be 
exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by Optionee. The terms of 
this Option shall be binding upon the legal representatives and authorized 
executors and assignees of Optionee. Unvested Shares may not be sold or 
otherwise transferred without the Company's prior written consent.

7.    TAX CONSEQUENCES.    Optionee should refer to the prospectus for the 
Plan for a description of the federal tax consequences of exercising this 
Option, including the effects of filing an election under 83(b) of the Code 
in connection with the exercise of this Option for Unvested Shares, and 
disposing of the Shares. A copy of the Prospectus is available at the 
Finance/Stock Administration page of the Company's internal website, or 
upon request from the Company's Stock Administrator at (925) 456-7334.

8.    PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP.    Optionee shall not have any of the 
rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are 
issued to Optionee.

9.    NOTICES.    Any notice required to be given or delivered to the 
Company under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed 
to the Corporate Secretary of the Company at its principal corporate 
offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to Optionee shall be 
in writing and addressed to Optionee at the address indicated on the first 
page of this Agreement or to such other address as such party may designate 
in writing from time to time to the Company. All notices shall be deemed to 
have been given or delivered upon: personal delivery; three (3) days after 
deposit in the United States mail by certified or registered mail (return 
receipt requested); one (1) business day after deposit with any return 
receipt express courier (prepaid); or one (1) business day after 
transmission by facsimile or email.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

10.    SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.    The Company may assign any of its rights 
under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement shall be binding 
upon Optionee and Optionee's legal representatives and authorized 
assignees.

11.    GOVERNING LAW.    This Agreement shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California, without 
regard to that body of law pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stock Option Agreement No.             

EXHIBIT B

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (THE "PLAN")
STOCK OPTION EXERCISE AGREEMENT

        I ("OPTIONEE") hereby elect to purchase the number of shares of 
Common Stock of FormFactor, Inc. (the "Company") indicated below:

Optionee 	  	 

Social Security Number: 	
  	
 

Address: 	
  	
 

Type of Option: 	
  	
o Incentive Stock Option
  	  	o Nonqualified Stock Option

Number of Shares Purchased: 	
  	
 

Purchase Price per Share: 	
  	
 

Aggregate Purchase Price: 	
  	
 

Date of Grant: 	
  	
 

Exact Name of Title to Shares: 	
  	
 

        1.     DELIVERY OF PURCHASE PRICE. Optionee hereby delivers to the 
Company the Aggregate Purchase Price as follows (check as applicable and 
complete):

o
    in cash (by check) in the amount of $                                  
            , receipt of which is acknowledged by the Company;

o
    [by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to Optionee in the
    amount of $                                           ;]

o
    [by delivery of                        fully-paid, nonassessable and
    vested shares of the Common Stock of the Company owned by Optionee for
    at least six (6) months prior to the date hereof (and which have been
    paid for within the meaning of SEC Rule 144), or obtained by Optionee
    in the open public market, and owned free and clear of all liens,
    claims, encumbrances or security interests, valued at the current Fair
    Market Value of $                                           per share;]

o
    [by the waiver hereby of compensation due or accrued to Optionee for
    services rendered in the amount of $                         ;]

o
    through a "same-day-sale" commitment from Optionee and a broker-dealer
    that is a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers (an
    "NASD DEALER") whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the
    Option and to sell a portion of the Shares so purchased to pay for the
    Aggregate Purchase Price and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably
    commits upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase
    Price (along with any required tax withholding) directly to the
    Company; or

o
    [through a "margin" commitment from Optionee and the NASD Dealer named
    therein, whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the Option and
    to pledge the Shares so purchased to the NASD Dealer in a margin
    account as security for a loan from the NASD Dealer in the amount of
    the Exercise Price, and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably commits
    upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase Price
    (along with any required tax withholding) directly to the Company.]

        2.     UNDERTAKINGS. Optionee acknowledges that any Unvested Shares 
remain subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Optionee's Stock Option 
Agreement. To the extent this Option is an ISO, if Optionee sells or 
otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or 
before the later of (a) the date two (2) years after the Date of Grant, and 
(b) the date one (1) year after transfer of such Shares to Optionee upon 
exercise of this Option, then Optionee shall immediately notify the Company 
in writing of such disposition. If Optionee is married, the Spousal 
Consent, attached hereto as Exhibit 1, should be completed by Optionee's 
spouse and returned with this Agreement.

        3.     TAX CONSEQUENCES. OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT OPTIONEE MAY 
SUFFER ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES AS A RESULT OF OPTIONEE'S PURCHASE OR 
DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES. OPTIONEE REPRESENTS THAT OPTIONEE HAS CONSULTED 
WITH ANY TAX CONSULTANT(S) OPTIONEE DEEMS ADVISABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
PURCHASE OR DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES AND THAT OPTIONEE IS NOT RELYING ON 
THE COMPANY FOR ANY TAX ADVICE.

        4.     ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Plan and the Stock Option Agreement 
are incorporated herein by reference. This Stock Option Exercise Agreement, 
the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement and 
understanding and supersede in their entirety all prior understandings and 
agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and are governed by California law except for that body of law 
pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 1

SPOUSAL CONSENT

        I have read the foregoing Stock Option Exercise Agreement (the 
"AGREEMENT") and I know its contents. I consent to and approve of the 
Agreement, and agree that the shares of the Common Stock of FormFactor, 
Inc. purchased pursuant to the Agreement (the "SHARES") including any 
interest I may have in the Shares, are subject to all the provisions of the 
Agreement. I will take no action at any time to hinder application of the 
Agreement to the Shares or to any interest I may have in the Shares.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE'S SPOUSE 	  	Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SPOUSE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPTIONEE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT C

FORMFACTOR, INC.

2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXEMPT/IMMEDIATELY EXERCISABLE

NO.             

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

        FormFactor, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), hereby 
grants an option (this "OPTION") to the Optionee named below ("OPTIONEE") 
as of the Date of Grant set forth below (the "DATE OF GRANT") pursuant to 
the Company's 2002 Equity Incentive Plan (the "PLAN") and this Stock Option 
Agreement (this "AGREEMENT"), which includes the Terms and Conditions (the 
"TERMS AND CONDITIONS") set forth on Exhibit A hereto. Capitalized terms 
not defined in this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Plan.

OPTIONEE: 	  	 

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: 	
  	
 

OPTIONEE'S ADDRESS: 	
  	
 

TOTAL OPTION SHARES: 	
  	
 

EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE: 	
  	
 

DATE OF GRANT: 	
  	
 

EXPIRATION DATE: 	
  	
(unless earlier terminated under Section 3 hereof or pursuant to Section 18 
of the Plan)

FIRST VESTING DATE: 	
  	
 

VESTING SCHEDULE: 	
  	
    % of the Shares will vest on the First Vesting Date; then    % of the 
Shares will vest on each monthly anniversary of the First Vesting Date 
until 100% vested.

TYPE OF STOCK OPTION: 	
  	
o INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION

(CHECK ONE): 	
  	
o NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

        The Company has signed this Agreement effective as the Date of 
Grant and has caused it to be executed in duplicate by its duly authorized 
representative.

FORMFACTOR, INC. 	  	 

By: 	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print title) 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

FormFactor, Inc.
Stock Option Agreement
2002 Equity Incentive Plan
No.             

        Optionee acknowledges receipt of this Agreement (including the 
Terms and Conditions), a copy of the Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit C, 
and the form of Exercise Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit B. Optionee 
has read and understands these documents and accepts this Option subject to 
all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Optionee has 
executed this Agreement in duplicate as of the Date of Grant.

OPTIONEE 	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

FormFactor, Inc.
Stock Option Agreement
2002 Equity Incentive Plan


EXHIBIT A

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS

        This Option is subject to the following Terms and Conditions and 
the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by 
reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Exercise Agreement constitute 
the entire agreement and understanding of the Company and the Optionee with 
respect to this Option and supersede all prior understandings and 
agreements with respect to such subject matter. If there is any 
discrepancy, conflict or omission between this Agreement and the provisions 
of the Plan as interpreted by the Committee, the provisions of the Plan 
shall apply.

1.    GRANT OF OPTION.    The Company hereby grants to Optionee this Option 
to purchase up to the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Company 
(the "SHARES") at the Exercise Price Per Share (the "EXERCISE PRICE"), each 
as set forth on the first page of this Agreement, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. If designated as an Incentive 
Stock Option, this Option is intended to qualify to the extent permitted as 
an "incentive stock option" ("ISO") within the meaning of Section 422 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "CODE").

2.    EXERCISE PERIOD.    

        2.1    Vesting of Shares.    This Option is immediately 
exercisable, although the Shares issued upon exercise of this Option will 
be subject to the restrictions on transfer and Repurchase Option set forth 
in this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this 
Agreement, this Option shall vest as set forth on the first page of this 
Agreement if Optionee has continuously provided services to the Company, or 
any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Shares that are vested pursuant to 
the schedule set forth on the first page of this Agreement are "VESTED 
SHARES." Shares that are not vested pursuant to the schedule set forth on 
the first page of this Agreement are "UNVESTED SHARES." Notwithstanding any 
provision in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, Options for 
Unvested Shares will not be exercisable on or after an Optionee's 
Termination Date.

        [2.2    Acceleration of Vesting in Certain Circumstances Following 
a Corporate Transaction.    In addition to the vesting provided herein, the 
Option and Shares subject to this Option shall become vested immediately 
prior to the occurrence of a Non-Justifiable Termination (as defined below) 
occurring during the period beginning on the date of consummation of a 
Corporate Transaction (as defined in the Plan) and ending twelve (12) 
months thereafter, as to an additional number of Shares equal to the number 
of Shares that would have vested during the twelve (12) months following 
the date of such Non-Justifiable Termination (which accelerated vesting is 
referred to herein as the "CORPORATE TRANSACTION VESTING"). 
"NON-JUSTIFIABLE

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TERMINATION" means any Termination by the Company, or any Parent or 
Subsidiary of the Company or the successor-in-interest to the Company 
following a Corporate Transaction, other than for Cause (as defined below). 
"CAUSE" (for purposes of this paragraph only) means (i) any willful 
participation by Optionee in acts of either material fraud or material 
dishonesty against the Company or any Subsidiary or Parent of the Company 
or the successor-in-interest to the Company following a Corporate 
Transaction; (ii) any indictment or conviction of Optionee of any felony 
(excluding drunk driving); (iii) any willful act of gross misconduct by 
Optionee which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company or 
any Subsidiary or Parent of the Company or the successor-in-interest to the 
Company following a Corporate Transaction; or (iv) the death or Disability 
of Optionee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this 
Agreement, if a Corporate Transaction Vesting occurs by reason of a 
Non-Justifiable Termination, then this Option may be exercised by Optionee 
up to, but no later than, three (3) months after the date of such 
Non-Justifiable Termination, but in any event no later than the Expiration 
Date.]

        [2.3    Acceleration of Vesting on Death or Disability.    In the 
event of Termination of Optionee as a result of his or her death or 
"permanent and total disability," as such term is defined in Section 
22(e)(3) of the Code, then, in addition to the vesting provided herein, the 
Option and Shares subject to the Option shall become vested as to an 
additional number of Shares equal to the number of Shares that would have 
vested during the twelve (12) months following the Termination Date of 
Optionee; provided, however, such vested Option may be exercised no later 
than twelve (12) months after the Termination Date, but in any event no 
later than the Expiration Date.]

        2.[4]    Expiration.    This Option expires on the Expiration Date 
set forth on the first page of this Agreement and must be exercised, if at 
all, on or before the earlier of the Expiration Date or the date on which 
this Option is terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Section 
2, Section 3 of this Agreement or Section 18 of the Plan.

3.    TERMINATION.    

        3.1    Termination for Any Reason Except Death, Disability or 
Cause.    If Optionee is Terminated for any reason except Optionee's death, 
Disability or Cause (as such terms are defined in the Plan), then this 
Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that it is vested on the 
Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set forth on the first 
page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee during the three (3) 
months following the Termination Date, but in any event must be exercised 
no later than the Expiration Date.

        3.2    Termination Because of Death or Disability.    If Optionee 
is Terminated because of Optionee's death or Disability (or Optionee dies 
within three (3) months after Termination for any reason except Cause or 
Disability), then this Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that 
it is vested on the Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set 
forth on the first page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee (or 
Optionee's legal representative or authorized assignee) during the twelve 
(12) months following the Termination Date, but in any

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

event must be exercised no later than the Expiration Date. Any exercise 
occurring more than three months following the Termination Date (when the 
Termination is for any reason other than Optionee's death or disability (as 
defined in the Code)), shall be deemed to be the exercise of a nonqualified 
stock option.

        3.3    Termination for Cause.    If Optionee is Terminated for 
Cause, then this Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that it is 
vested on the Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set forth on 
the first page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee no later 
than one (1) month after the Termination Date, but in any event must be 
exercised no later than the Expiration Date.

        3.4    No Obligation to Employ.    Nothing in the Plan or this 
Agreement confers on Optionee any right to continue in the employ of, or 
other relationship with, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the 
Company (or any successor-in-interest to the Company), or limits in any way 
the right of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to 
terminate Optionee's employment or other relationship at any time, with or 
without Cause.

4.    MANNER OF EXERCISE.    

        4.1    Stock Option Exercise Agreement.    To exercise this Option, 
Optionee (or in the case of exercise after Optionee's death or Disability, 
Optionee's legal representative) must deliver to the Company an executed 
stock option exercise agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, 
or in such other form as may be approved by the Committee from time to time 
(the "EXERCISE AGREEMENT"). If someone other than Optionee exercises this 
Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to 
the Company that such person has the right to exercise this Option.

        4.2    Limitations on Exercise.    This Option may not be exercised 
(a) unless such exercise is in compliance with all applicable federal and 
state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock 
exchange on which the Company's Common Stock may be listed at the time of 
such issuance and (b) as to fewer than 100 Shares unless it is exercised as 
to all Shares as to which this Option is then exercisable. The Company is 
under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC, any 
state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such 
compliance.

        4.3    Payment.    The Exercise Agreement shall be accompanied by 
full payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased in cash 
(by check), or, where permitted by law, by any method set forth in the 
Exercise Agreement or any additional method approved by the Committee from 
time to time.

        4.4    Tax Withholding.    At the time of exercise, Optionee must 
pay or provide for any applicable federal or state withholding obligations 
of the Company associated with the exercise of this Option. If the 
Committee permits at the time of exercise, Optionee may provide for payment 
of withholding taxes upon exercise of this Option by requesting that the 
Company retain Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount 
of taxes required to be withheld,

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

in which case, the Company shall issue the net number of Shares to Optionee 
after deducting the Shares retained from the Shares issuable upon exercise.

5.    COMPANY'S REPURCHASE OPTION FOR UNVESTED SHARES.    

        In the event Optionee is Terminated for any reason, the Company, or 
its assignee, shall have the option to repurchase Optionee's Unvested 
Shares (the "REPURCHASE OPTION") at any time within ninety (90) days after 
the later of Optionee's Termination Date and the date Optionee purchases 
the Shares by giving Optionee written notice of its election to exercise 
the Repurchase Option. The Company or its assignee may repurchase from 
Optionee (or from Optionee's legal representative, as the case may be) all 
or a portion of the Unvested Shares at Optionee's Exercise Price, 
proportionately adjusted for any stock split or similar change in the 
capital structure of the Company as set forth in Section 2.2 of the Plan, 
which repurchase price shall be paid, at the option of the Company or its 
assignee, by check or by cancellation of all or a portion of any 
outstanding indebtedness of Optionee to the Company or such assignee, or by 
any combination thereof. The repurchase price shall be paid without 
interest within the ninety (90) day time period set forth above.

6.    NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION AND SHARES.    

        This Option may not be transferred in any manner other than under 
the terms and conditions of the Plan or by will or by the laws of descent 
and distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only 
by Optionee. The terms of this Option shall be binding upon the legal 
representatives and authorized executors and assignees of Optionee. 
Unvested Shares may not be sold or otherwise transferred without the 
Company's prior written consent.

7.    TAX CONSEQUENCES.    

        Optionee should refer to the prospectus for the Plan for a 
description of the federal tax consequences of exercising this Option, 
including the effects of filing an election under 83(b) of the Code in 
connection with the exercise of this Option for Unvested Shares, and 
disposing of the Shares. A copy of the Prospectus is available at the 
Finance/Stock Administration page of the Company's internal website, or 
upon request from the Company's Stock Administrator at (925) 456-7334.

8.    PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP.    

        Optionee shall not have any of the rights of a stockholder with 
respect to any Shares until the Shares are issued to Optionee.

9.    NOTICES.    

        Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under 
the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the 
Corporate Secretary of the Company at its principal corporate offices. Any 
notice required to be given or delivered to Optionee shall be in

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

writing and addressed to Optionee at the address indicated on the first 
page of this Agreement or to such other address as such party may designate 
in writing from time to time to the Company. All notices shall be deemed to 
have been given or delivered upon: personal delivery; three (3) days after 
deposit in the United States mail by certified or registered mail (return 
receipt requested); one (1) business day after deposit with any return 
receipt express courier (prepaid); or one (1) business day after 
transmission by facsimile or email.

10.    SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.    

        The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors 
and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon Optionee and Optionee's 
legal representatives and authorized assignees.

11.    GOVERNING LAW.    

        This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to that 
body of law pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stock Option Agreement No.             

EXHIBIT B

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (THE "PLAN")
STOCK OPTION EXERCISE AGREEMENT

        I ("OPTIONEE") hereby elect to purchase the number of shares of 
Common Stock of FormFactor, Inc. (the "Company") indicated below:

Optionee 	  	 

Social Security Number: 	
  	
 

Address: 	
  	
 

Type of Option: 	
  	
o Incentive Stock Option
  	  	o Nonqualified Stock Option

Number of Shares Purchased: 	
  	
 

Purchase Price per Share: 	
  	
 

Aggregate Purchase Price: 	
  	
 

Date of Grant: 	
  	
 

Exact Name of Title to Shares: 	
  	
 

        1.     DELIVERY OF PURCHASE PRICE. Optionee hereby delivers to the 
Company the Aggregate Purchase Price as follows (check as applicable and 
complete):

o
    in cash (by check) in the amount of $                                  
            , receipt of which is acknowledged by the Company;

o
    [by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to Optionee in the
    amount of $                                           ;]

o
    [by delivery of                        fully-paid, nonassessable and
    vested shares of the Common Stock of the Company owned by Optionee for
    at least six (6) months prior to the date hereof (and which have been
    paid for within the meaning of SEC Rule 144), or obtained by Optionee
    in the open public market, and owned free and clear of all liens,
    claims, encumbrances or security interests, valued at the current Fair
    Market Value of $                                           per share;]

o
    [by the waiver hereby of compensation due or accrued to Optionee for
    services rendered in the amount of $                         ;]

o
    through a "same-day-sale" commitment from Optionee and a broker-dealer
    that is a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers (an
    "NASD DEALER") whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the
    Option and to sell a portion of the Shares so purchased to pay for the
    Aggregate Purchase Price and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably
    commits upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase
    Price (along with any required tax withholding) directly to the
    Company; or

o
    [through a "margin" commitment from Optionee and the NASD Dealer named
    therein, whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the Option and
    to pledge the Shares so purchased to the NASD Dealer in a margin
    account as security for a loan from the NASD Dealer in the amount of
    the Exercise Price, and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably commits
    upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase Price
    (along with any required tax withholding) directly to the Company.]

        2.     UNDERTAKINGS. Optionee acknowledges that any Unvested Shares 
remain subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Optionee's Stock Option 
Agreement. To the extent this Option is an ISO, if Optionee sells or 
otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or 
before the later of (a) the date two (2) years after the Date of Grant, and 
(b) the date one (1) year after transfer of such Shares to Optionee upon 
exercise of this Option, then Optionee shall immediately notify the Company 
in writing of such disposition. If Optionee is married, the Spousal 
Consent, attached hereto as Exhibit 1, should be completed by Optionee's 
spouse and returned with this Agreement.

        3.     TAX CONSEQUENCES. OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT OPTIONEE MAY 
SUFFER ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES AS A RESULT OF OPTIONEE'S PURCHASE OR 
DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES. OPTIONEE REPRESENTS THAT OPTIONEE HAS CONSULTED 
WITH ANY TAX CONSULTANT(S) OPTIONEE DEEMS ADVISABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
PURCHASE OR DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES AND THAT OPTIONEE IS NOT RELYING ON 
THE COMPANY FOR ANY TAX ADVICE.

        4.     ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Plan and the Stock Option Agreement 
are incorporated herein by reference. This Stock Option Exercise Agreement, 
the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement and 
understanding and supersede in their entirety all prior understandings and 
agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and are governed by California law except for that body of law 
pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT 1

SPOUSAL CONSENT

        I have read the foregoing Stock Option Exercise Agreement (the 
"AGREEMENT") and I know its contents. I consent to and approve of the 
Agreement, and agree that the shares of the Common Stock of FormFactor, 
Inc. purchased pursuant to the Agreement (the "SHARES") including any 
interest I may have in the Shares, are subject to all the provisions of the 
Agreement. I will take no action at any time to hinder application of the 
Agreement to the Shares or to any interest I may have in the Shares.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE'S SPOUSE 	  	Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SPOUSE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPTIONEE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT C

FORMFACTOR, INC.

2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXEMPT AND NON-EXEMPT/EXERCISABLE AS VESTS

NO.             

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

        FormFactor, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), hereby 
grants an option (this "OPTION") to the Optionee named below ("OPTIONEE") 
as of the Date of Grant set forth below (the "DATE OF GRANT") pursuant to 
the Company's 2002 Equity Incentive Plan (the "PLAN") and this Stock Option 
Agreement (this "AGREEMENT"), which includes the Terms and Conditions (the 
"TERMS AND CONDITIONS") set forth on Exhibit A hereto. Capitalized terms 
not defined in this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Plan.

OPTIONEE: 	  	 

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: 	
  	
 

OPTIONEE'S ADDRESS: 	
  	
 

TOTAL OPTION SHARES: 	
  	
 

EXERCISE PRICE PER SHARE: 	
  	
 

DATE OF GRANT: 	
  	
 

EXPIRATION DATE: 	
  	
(unless earlier terminated under Section 3 hereof or pursuant to Section 18 
of the Plan)

FIRST VESTING DATE: 	
  	
 

VESTING SCHEDULE: 	
  	
    % of the Shares will vest on the First Vesting Date; then
    % of the Shares will vest on each monthly anniversary of the First 
Vesting Date until 100% vested.

TYPE OF STOCK OPTION: 	
  	
o INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION

(CHECK ONE): 	
  	
o NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

        The Company has signed this Agreement effective as the Date of 
Grant and has caused it to be executed in duplicate by its duly authorized 
representative.

FORMFACTOR, INC. 	  	 

By: 	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print title) 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

FormFactor, Inc.
Stock Option Agreement
2002 Equity Incentive Plan
No.             

        Optionee acknowledges receipt of this Agreement (including the 
Terms and Conditions), a copy of the Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit C, 
and the form of Exercise Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit B. Optionee 
has read and understands these documents and accepts this Option subject to 
all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Optionee has 
executed this Agreement in duplicate as of the Date of Grant.

OPTIONEE 	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature) 	
  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name) 	
  	
 

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

FormFactor, Inc.
Stock Option Agreement
2002 Equity Incentive Plan
Terms & Conditions


EXHIBIT A

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS

        This Option is subject to the following Terms and Conditions and 
the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by 
reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Exercise Agreement constitute 
the entire agreement and understanding of the Company and the Optionee with 
respect to this Option and supersede all prior understandings and 
agreements with respect to such subject matter. If there is any 
discrepancy, conflict or omission between this Agreement and the provisions 
of the Plan as interpreted by the Committee, the provisions of the Plan 
shall apply.

1.    GRANT OF OPTION.    The Company hereby grants to Optionee this Option 
to purchase up to the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Company 
(the "SHARES") at the Exercise Price Per Share (the "EXERCISE PRICE"), each 
as set forth on the first page of this Agreement, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. If designated as an Incentive 
Stock Option, this Option is intended to qualify to the extent permitted as 
an "incentive stock option" ("ISO") within the meaning of Section 422 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "CODE").

2.    EXERCISE PERIOD.    

        2.1    Vesting of Shares.    This Option is exercisable as it 
vests. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, 
this Option shall vest and become exercisable as set forth on the first 
page of this Agreement if Optionee has continuously provided services to 
the Company, or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company.

        [2.2    Acceleration of Vesting in Certain Circumstances Following 
a Corporate Transaction.    In addition to the vesting provided herein, the 
Option and Shares subject to this Option shall become vested and 
exercisable immediately prior to the occurrence of a Non-Justifiable 
Termination (as defined below) occurring during the period beginning on the 
date of consummation of a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the Plan) 
and ending twelve (12) months thereafter, as to an additional number of 
Shares equal to the number of Shares that would have vested and become 
exercisable during the twelve (12) months following the date of such 
Non-Justifiable Termination (which accelerated vesting and exercisability 
is referred to herein as the "CORPORATE TRANSACTION VESTING"). 
"NON-JUSTIFIABLE TERMINATION" means any Termination by the Company, or any 
Parent or Subsidiary of the Company or the successor-in-interest to the 
Company following a Corporate Transaction, other than for Cause (as defined 
below). "CAUSE" (for purposes of this paragraph only) means (i) any willful 
participation by Optionee in acts of either material fraud or material 
dishonesty against the Company or any Subsidiary or Parent of

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

the Company or the successor-in-interest to the Company following a 
Corporate Transaction; (ii) any indictment or conviction of Optionee of any 
felony (excluding drunk driving); (iii) any willful act of gross misconduct 
by Optionee which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company 
or any Subsidiary or Parent of the Company or the successor-in-interest to 
the Company following a Corporate Transaction; or (iv) the death or 
Disability of Optionee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth 
in this Agreement, if a Corporate Transaction Vesting occurs by reason of a 
Non-Justifiable Termination, then this Option may be exercised by Optionee 
up to, but no later than, three (3) months after the date of such 
Non-Justifiable Termination, but in any event no later than the Expiration 
Date.]

        [2.3    Acceleration of Vesting on Death or Disability.    In the 
event of Termination of Optionee as a result of his or her death or 
"permanent and total disability," as such term is defined in Section 
22(e)(3) of the Code, then, in addition to the vesting provided herein, the 
Option and Shares subject to the Option shall become vested and exercisable 
as to an additional number of Shares equal to the number of Shares that 
would have vested and become exercisable during the twelve (12) months 
following the Termination Date of Optionee; provided, however, such vested 
Option may be exercised no later than twelve (12) months after the 
Termination Date, but in any event no later than the Expiration Date.]

        2.[4]    Expiration.    This Option expires on the Expiration Date 
set forth on the first page of this Agreement and must be exercised, if at 
all, on or before the earlier of the Expiration Date or the date on which 
this Option is terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Section 
2, Section 3 of this Agreement or Section 18 of the Plan.

3.    TERMINATION.    

        3.1    Termination for Any Reason Except Death, Disability or 
Cause.    If Optionee is Terminated for any reason except Optionee's death, 
Disability or Cause (as such terms are defined in the Plan), then this 
Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that it is vested on the 
Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set forth on the first 
page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee during the three (3) 
months following the Termination Date, but in any event must be exercised 
no later than the Expiration Date.

        3.2    Termination Because of Death or Disability.    If Optionee 
is Terminated because of Optionee's death or Disability (or Optionee dies 
within three (3) months after Termination for any reason except Cause or 
Disability), then this Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that 
it is vested on the Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set 
forth on the first page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee (or 
Optionee's legal representative or authorized assignee) during the twelve 
(12) months following the Termination Date, but in any event must be 
exercised no later than the Expiration Date. Any exercise occurring more 
than three months following the Termination Date (when the Termination is 
for any reason other than Optionee's death or disability (as defined in the 
Code)), shall be deemed to be the exercise of a nonqualified stock option.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        3.3    Termination for Cause.    If Optionee is Terminated for 
Cause, then this Option, to the extent (and only to the extent) that it is 
vested on the Termination Date in accordance with the schedule set forth on 
the first page of this Agreement, may be exercised by Optionee no later 
than one (1) month after the Termination Date, but in any event must be 
exercised no later than the Expiration Date.

        3.4    No Obligation to Employ.    Nothing in the Plan or this 
Agreement confers on Optionee any right to continue in the employ of, or 
other relationship with, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the 
Company (or any successor-in-interest to the Company), or limits in any way 
the right of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to 
terminate Optionee's employment or other relationship at any time, with or 
without Cause.

4.    MANNER OF EXERCISE.    

        4.1    Stock Option Exercise Agreement.    To exercise this Option, 
Optionee (or in the case of exercise after Optionee's death or Disability, 
Optionee's legal representative) must deliver to the Company an executed 
stock option exercise agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, 
or in such other form as may be approved by the Committee from time to time 
(the "EXERCISE AGREEMENT"). If someone other than Optionee exercises this 
Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to 
the Company that such person has the right to exercise this Option.

        4.2    Limitations on Exercise.    This Option may not be exercised 
(a) unless such exercise is in compliance with all applicable federal and 
state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock 
exchange on which the Company's Common Stock may be listed at the time of 
such issuance and (b) as to fewer than 100 Shares unless it is exercised as 
to all Shares as to which this Option is then exercisable. The Company is 
under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC, any 
state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such 
compliance.

        4.3    Payment.    The Exercise Agreement shall be accompanied by 
full payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased in cash 
(by check), or, where permitted by law, by any method set forth in the 
Exercise Agreement or any additional method approved by the Committee from 
time to time.

        4.4    Tax Withholding.    At the time of exercise, Optionee must 
pay or provide for any applicable federal or state withholding obligations 
of the Company associated with the exercise of this Option. If the 
Committee permits at the time of exercise, Optionee may provide for payment 
of withholding taxes upon exercise of this Option by requesting that the 
Company retain Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount 
of taxes required to be withheld, in which case, the Company shall issue 
the net number of Shares to Optionee after deducting the Shares retained 
from the Shares issuable upon exercise.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.    NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION AND SHARES.    

        This Option may not be transferred in any manner other than under 
the terms and conditions of the Plan or by will or by the laws of descent 
and distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only 
by Optionee. The terms of this Option shall be binding upon the legal 
representatives and authorized executors and assignees of Optionee.

6.    TAX CONSEQUENCES.    

        Optionee should refer to the prospectus for the Plan for a 
description of the federal tax consequences of exercising this Option and 
disposing of the Shares. A copy of the Prospectus is available at the 
Finance/Stock Administration page of the Company's internal website, or 
upon request from the Company's Stock Administrator at (925) 456-7334.

7.    PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP.    

        Optionee shall not have any of the rights of a stockholder with 
respect to any Shares until the Shares are issued to Optionee.

8.    NOTICES.    

        Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under 
the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the 
Corporate Secretary of the Company at its principal corporate offices. Any 
notice required to be given or delivered to Optionee shall be in writing 
and addressed to Optionee at the address indicated on the first page of 
this Agreement or to such other address as such party may designate in 
writing from time to time to the Company. All notices shall be deemed to 
have been given or delivered upon: personal delivery; three (3) days after 
deposit in the United States mail by certified or registered mail (return 
receipt requested); one (1) business day after deposit with any return 
receipt express courier (prepaid); or one (1) business day after 
transmission by facsimile or email.

9.    SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.    

        The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors 
and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon Optionee and Optionee's 
legal representatives and authorized assignees.

10.    GOVERNING LAW.    

        This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to that 
body of law pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stock Option Agreement No.             

EXHIBIT B

FORMFACTOR, INC.
2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (THE "PLAN")
STOCK OPTION EXERCISE AGREEMENT

        I ("OPTIONEE") hereby elect to purchase the number of shares of 
Common Stock of FormFactor, Inc. (the "Company") indicated below:

Optionee 	  	 

Social Security Number: 	
  	
 

Address: 	
  	
 

Type of Option: 	
  	
o Incentive Stock Option
  	  	o Nonqualified Stock Option

Number of Shares Purchased: 	
  	
 

Purchase Price per Share: 	
  	
 

Aggregate Purchase Price: 	
  	
 

Date of Grant: 	
  	
 

Exact Name of Title to Shares: 	
  	
 

        1.     DELIVERY OF PURCHASE PRICE. Optionee hereby delivers to the 
Company the Aggregate Purchase Price as follows (check as applicable and 
complete):

o
    in cash (by check) in the amount of $                                  
            , receipt of which is acknowledged by the Company;

o
    [by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to Optionee in the
    amount of $                                           ;]

o
    [by delivery of                        fully-paid, nonassessable and
    vested shares of the Common Stock of the Company owned by Optionee for
    at least six (6) months prior to the date hereof (and which have been
    paid for within the meaning of SEC Rule 144), or obtained by Optionee
    in the open public market, and owned free and clear of all liens,
    claims, encumbrances or security interests, valuedat the current Fair
    Market Value of $                                           per share;]

o
    [by the waiver hereby of compensation due or accrued to Optionee for
    services rendered in the amount of $                         ;]

o
    through a "same-day-sale" commitment from Optionee and a broker-dealer
    that is a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers (an
    "NASD DEALER") whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the
    Option and to sell a portion of the Shares so purchased to pay for the
    Aggregate Purchase Price and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably
    commits upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase
    Price (along with any required tax withholding) directly to the
    Company; or

o
    [through a "margin" commitment from Optionee and the NASD Dealer named
    therein, whereby Optionee irrevocably elects to exercise the Option and
    to pledge the Shares so purchased to the NASD Dealer in a margin
    account as security for a loan from the NASD Dealer in the amount of
    the Exercise Price, and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably commits
    upon receipt of such Shares to forward the Aggregate Purchase Price
    (along with any required tax withholding) directly to the Company.]

        2.     UNDERTAKINGS. To the extent this Option is an ISO, if 
Optionee sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant 
to the ISO on or before the later of (a) the date two (2) years after the 
Date of Grant, and (b) the date one (1) year after transfer of such Shares 
to Optionee upon exercise of this Option, then Optionee shall immediately 
notify the Company in writing of such disposition. If Optionee is married, 
the Spousal Consent, attached hereto as Exhibit 1, should be completed by 
Optionee's spouse and returned with this Agreement.

        3.     TAX CONSEQUENCES. OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT OPTIONEE MAY 
SUFFER ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES AS A RESULT OF OPTIONEE'S PURCHASE OR 
DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES. OPTIONEE REPRESENTS THAT OPTIONEE HAS CONSULTED 
WITH ANY TAX CONSULTANT(S) OPTIONEE DEEMS ADVISABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
PURCHASE OR DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES AND THAT OPTIONEE IS NOT RELYING ON 
THE COMPANY FOR ANY TAX ADVICE.

        4.     ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Plan and the Stock Option Agreement 
are incorporated herein by reference. This Stock Option Exercise Agreement, 
the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement and 
understanding and supersede in their entirety all prior understandings and 
agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and are governed by California law except for that body of law 
pertaining to choice of law or conflicts of law.

Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE 	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 1

SPOUSAL CONSENT

        I have read the foregoing Stock Option Exercise Agreement (the 
"AGREEMENT") and I know its contents. I consent to and approve of the 
Agreement, and agree that the shares of the Common Stock of FormFactor, 
Inc. purchased pursuant to the Agreement (the "SHARES") including any 
interest I may have in the Shares, are subject to all the provisions of the 
Agreement. I will take no action at any time to hinder application of the 
Agreement to the Shares or to any interest I may have in the Shares.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF OPTIONEE'S SPOUSE 	  	Date: 	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
SPOUSE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPTIONEE'S NAMETYPED OR PRINTED 	
  	
  	
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------



QuickLinks

      EXHIBIT 10.07
FORMFACTOR, INC. 2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN As Adopted April 18, 2002 As 
Amended February 9, 2006 and May 18, 2006
EXHIBIT A STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
EXHIBIT 1 SPOUSAL CONSENT
EXHIBIT C FORMFACTOR, INC. 2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
EXHIBIT A STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
EXHIBIT 1 SPOUSAL CONSENT
EXHIBIT C FORMFACTOR, INC. 2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
EXHIBIT A STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
EXHIBIT 1 SPOUSAL CONSENT
EXHIBIT C FORMFACTOR, INC. 2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
EXHIBIT A STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
EXHIBIT C FORMFACTOR, INC. 2002 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
EXHIBIT A STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
EXHIBIT 1 SPOUSAL CONSENT
