 EX-10.14 15 exh10-14_15497.txt PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT EXHIBIT 10.14 
------------- PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT Dated: October 17, 2007 Joseph 
Gunnar & Co., LLC 30 Broad Street New York, NY 10004 Gentlemen: 1. 
Offering. A. Aslahan Enterprises Ltd., a Nevada corporation (the 
"Company"), and RedRoller, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("RedRoller"), 
hereby engage Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC (the "Placement Agent") to act as 
the Company's exclusive placement agent with respect to the issuance and 
sale by the Company (the "Offering") of up to 2,352,941 units (the "Maximum 
Offering"), each such unit (each , a "Unit" and collectively the "Units") 
consisting of (i) four shares of the Company's common stock, par value 
$0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), and (ii) a five-year warrant to 
purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $1.70 per share 
(each, a "Warrant"), as follows: (i) on a "best efforts, all or none" basis 
with respect to the first 1,764,706 Units sold ("Minimum Offering"), (ii) 
on a "best efforts" basis with respect to the remaining 588,235 Units, and 
(iii) to the extent that 2,352,941 Units are sold, on a "best efforts" 
basis with respect to an additional 235,294 Overallotment Units (as such 
term is defined in the Memorandum). The Company and the Placement Agent 
hereby both acknowledge that the sale of the Units in connection with the 
Minimum Offering shall represent no greater than 20% of the fully-diluted 
shares of capital stock of the Company. The Placement Agent is hereby 
authorized to engage, at its option, the services of other broker-dealers 
(the "Designees") who are members of the Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority ("FINRA", formerly, National Association of Securities Dealers, 
Inc.) to assist it in soliciting subscribers and to remit to such 
broker-dealers the commissions payable to the Placement Agent hereunder as 
it shall determine. The Offering is subject to (i) the terms and conditions 
set forth in the Company's Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
September 20, 2007 (such memorandum with all exhibits thereto, the 
"Memorandum"), (ii) the completion and execution of a subscription 
agreement and a confidential investor questionnaire by each purchaser of 
Units and the Company (collectively, the "Subscription Documents") (the 
Subscription Documents and the Memorandum are collectively referred to as 
the "Offering Documents"), and (iii) the conditions set forth in Section 9 
hereof. The Company shall issue and sell to the Placement Agent or its 
designee(s), for nominal consideration, five-year warrants to purchase the 
number of shares of Common Stock equal to five percent (5%) of the total 
number of shares of Common Stock sold in connection with the Offering (the 
"Placement Agent Warrants") at a purchase price equal to 200% of the price 
at which shares of Common Stock are sold to purchasers of Units in 
connection with the Offering. The Placement Agent Warrants may not be 
exercised prior to ninety (90) days from the initial closing of the 
Offering. The shares of Common Stock comprising the Units sold in this 
Offering are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the "Unit 
Shares." The Units, the Warrants, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
exercise of the Warrants (the "Warrant Shares"), the Placement Agent 
Warrants, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 
Placement Agent Warrants (the "Placement Agent Shares") are hereinafter 
sometimes collectively referred to as the "Securities." The Units will be 
offered without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"). Purchasers of the Units will be granted certain 
registration rights with respect to the Unit Shares and the Warrant Shares, 
as more fully set forth in a Registration Rights Agreement (the 
"Registration Rights Agreement") and the Warrants. The Placement Agent will 
be granted certain registration rights with respect to the Placement Agent 
Warrants, as more fully set forth in the Placement Agent Warrants. B. The 
closing of the Offering (the "Closing") shall occur on the later of: (a) 
the receipt of acceptable subscriptions equal to the Minimum Offering 
amount or (b) the closing of the merger (the "Merger") of RedRoller and 
RedRoller Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company. The Offering shall terminate on October 31, 2007 
(the "Offering Period"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company and the 
Placement Agent may extend the Offering Period without notice to the 
prospective purchasers of Units for no more than two (2) thirty (30) day 
periods thereafter. The Company will issue certificates representing the 
shares of Common Stock and Warrants comprising the Units as soon as 
possible but in any event no later than five (5) business after the 
Closing. 2. Information. A. The Units shall have the terms set forth in and 
shall be offered by the Company by means of the Offering Documents. Payment 
for the Units shall be made by wire transfer as more fully described in the 
Subscription Agreement. The minimum purchase by any purchaser shall be 
Twenty Nine Thousand, Four Hundred and Twelve (29,412) Units or One Hundred 
Thousand Dollars ($100,000), unless subscriptions for lesser amounts are 
accepted at the discretion of the Company. The Placement Agent and the 
Company agree that the Units will be offered solely to "accredited 
investors" within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D ("Accredited 
Investors") promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "Commission") under the Securities Act and Rule 506 of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. B. All funds received from 
subscriptions arranged will be promptly transmitted to the escrow account 
maintained at U.S. Bank N.A. (the "Escrow Agent") and designated as "U.S. 
Bank/RedRoller, Inc. - Escrow Account." At the Closing, the funds received 
in respect of the Units closed on will be forwarded to the Company, against 
delivery of the appropriate number of shares of Common Stock and Warrants, 
net of (i) a Placement Agent commission payable in cash in an amount equal 
to nine percent (9%) of the gross proceeds of the Units sold to retail 
investors and six percent (6%) of the gross proceeds of the Units sold to 
institutional investors in this Offering, (ii) the Placement Agent 
Warrants, and (iii) any reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and 
expenses paid or to be paid by the Placement Agent including, but not 
limited to, printing, filing, background examinations of the Company's 
officers, directors, controlling persons and key employees, mailing, 
travel, lodging, plus legal expenses except that the Company shall not be 
responsible for any fees or expenses of the Placement Agent's legal counsel 
in excess of $30,000 without the Company's prior written approval. C. The 
Company and the Placement Agent reserve the right to reject any subscriber, 
in whole or in part, in their sole discretion. Funds received by the 
Company from any subscriber whose subscription is rejected will be returned 
to such subscriber, without deduction therefrom or interest thereon, but no 
sooner than such funds have cleared the banking system in the normal course 
of business. 3. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Placement 
Agent. The Placement Agent represents, warrants and covenants as follows: 
(i) It has the necessary power to enter into this Placement Agent Agreement 
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 2 (ii) The 
execution and delivery by the Placement Agent of this Placement Agent 
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein will 
not result in any violation of, or be in conflict with, or constitute a 
default under, any agreement or instrument to which the Placement Agent is 
a party or by which the Placement Agent or its properties are bound, or any 
judgment, decree, order or, to the Placement Agent's knowledge, any 
statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Placement Agent. This 
Placement Agent Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding 
obligation of the Placement Agent, enforceable against the Placement Agent 
in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that (a) the 
enforceability hereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws from time to time in effect and 
affecting the rights of creditors generally, (b) the enforceability hereof 
is subject to general principles of equity, or (c) the indemnification 
provisions hereof may be held to be violative of public policy. (iii) The 
Placement Agent will deliver to each potential investor, prior to any 
submission by such person of a written offer relating to the purchase of 
the Units, a copy of the Offering Documents, as they may have been most 
recently amended or supplemented by the Company. (iv) Upon receipt of 
executed Subscription Documents from investors, the Placement Agent will 
promptly forward copies of the subscription documents to the Company. (v) 
The Placement Agent will not deliver the Offering Documents to any person 
they do not reasonably believe to be an Accredited Investor or to any 
person in a state where it does not reasonably believe that the Offering is 
exempt from the applicable state "Blue Sky" laws. (vi) The Placement Agent 
will not intentionally take any action which it reasonably believes would 
cause the Offering to violate the provisions of the Securities Act, the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") or the 
respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Rules and 
Regulations"). (vii) The Placement Agent shall have no obligation to insure 
that (a) any check, note, draft or other means of payment for the Units 
will be honored, paid or enforceable against the subscriber in accordance 
with its terms; or (b) subject to the performance of the Placement Agent's 
obligations and the accuracy of its representations and warranties 
hereunder, (i) the Offering is exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act or any applicable state "Blue Sky" law; or (ii) any 
prospective purchaser is an Accredited Investor; provided that Placement 
Agent will not deliver the Offering Documents to any person they do not 
reasonably believe to be an Accredited Investor. (viii) The Placement Agent 
is a member of the FINRA and is a broker-dealer registered as such under 
the Exchange Act and under the securities laws of the states in which the 
Securities will be offered or sold by the Placement Agent, unless an 
exemption for such state registration is available to the Placement Agent. 
The Placement Agent is in compliance with all material rules and 
regulations applicable to the Placement Agent generally and to the 
Placement Agent's participation in the Offering. 4. Representations and 
Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants as 
follows: (i) The execution, delivery and performance of each of this 
Placement Agent Agreement, the Subscription Documents and the Escrow 
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Company and is, or 
with respect to the Subscription Agreements, will be, a valid and binding 
obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its respective 
terms, except to the extent that 3 (a) the enforceability hereof or thereof 
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
similar laws from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of 
creditors generally, (b) the enforceability hereof or thereof is subject to 
general principles of equity; or (c) the indemnification provisions hereof 
or thereof may be held to be violative of public policy. (ii) Prior to the 
Closing, the issuance, sale and delivery by the Company of the Securities 
will be duly authorized by all requisite corporate action of the Company. 
The Warrant Shares and the Placement Agent Shares will, prior to the 
Closing, be duly reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Warrants and 
exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants, respectively. (iii) All issued 
and outstanding securities of the Company have been duly authorized and 
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and were issued in compliance 
with all applicable federal and state securities laws; the holders thereof 
have no rights of rescission or preemptive rights with respect thereto and 
are not subject to personal liability solely by reason of being security 
holders; and none of such securities was issued in violation of the 
preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company. Upon the 
Closing and assuming the sale of Units equal to the Minimum Offering 
amount, the authorized capital stock of the Company shall consist of 
200,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 24,278,960 shares of which shall be 
issued and outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock. (iv) Except as 
set forth in the Offering Documents, there are: (i) no outstanding options, 
warrants, rights (including conversion or preemptive rights) or agreements 
pursuant to which the Company is or may become obligated to issue, sell or 
repurchase any securities of the Company; (ii) no restrictions on the 
transfer of the Company's capital stock imposed by the Company's Articles 
of Incorporation or Bylaws or any agreement to which the Company is a 
party, any order of any court or any governmental agency to which the 
Company is subject or any statute other than those imposed by relevant 
state and federal securities laws; (iii) no cumulative voting or preemptive 
rights for any of the Company's capital stock; (iv) no registration rights 
under the Securities Act with respect to the Company's capital stock; (v) 
no antidilution adjustment provisions or similar rights with respect to the 
outstanding securities of the Company will be triggered by the issuance of 
the Securities; (vi) no voting trusts or agreements, shareholders 
agreements, pledge agreements, buy-sell, rights of first offer, negotiation 
or refusal or proxies or similar arrangements relating to any securities of 
the Company to which the Company is a party; and (vii) no options or other 
rights to purchase securities from its shareholders granted by such 
shareholders. (v) The Warrant Shares and the Placement Agent Shares, when 
issued in accordance with the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the 
Warrants, the Placement Agent Warrants and the terms of this Placement 
Agent Agreement as the case may be, will be validly issued, fully-paid and 
non-assessable. The Securities are not and will not be subject to the 
preemptive rights of any holder of any security of the Company. (vi) The 
Company has good and marketable title to, or valid and enforceable 
leasehold estates in, all items of real and personal property necessary to 
conduct its business (including, without limitation, any real or personal 
property stated in the Offering Documents to be owned or leased by the 
Company), free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims, security 
interests and defects of any nature whatsoever, other than those set forth 
in the Offering Documents and liens for taxes not yet due and payable. All 
of the leases and subleases under which the Company is the lessor or 
sublessor of properties or assets or under which the Company holds 
properties or assets as lessee or sublessee are in full force and effect, 
and the Company is not in default with respect to any of the terms or 
provisions of any of such leases or subleases, and no claim has been 
asserted by anyone adverse to rights of the Company as lessor, sublessor, 
lessee or sublessee under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, 4 
or affecting or questioning the right of the Company to continued 
possession of the leased or subleased premises or assets under any such 
lease or sublease. (vii) There is no litigation or governmental proceeding 
pending or, to the best of the Company's knowledge, threatened against, or 
involving the Company or its properties or business, except as set forth in 
the Offering Documents. The Company is not a party to any order, writ, 
injunction, judgment or decree of any court. (viii) The Company has been 
duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing 
under the laws of the State of Nevada. Except as set forth in the Offering 
Documents, the Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, an 
interest in any other corporation, partnership, trust, joint venture or 
other business entity. The Company is duly qualified or licensed and in 
good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the 
character of its operations requires such qualification or licensing and 
where failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on the 
Company ("MAE"). The Company has all requisite corporate power and 
authority, and all material and necessary authorizations, approvals, 
orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental 
regulatory officials and bodies (domestic and foreign) to conduct its 
businesses (and proposed business), and the Company is doing business in 
compliance with all such authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, 
certificates and permits and all foreign, federal, state and local laws, 
rules and regulations concerning the business in which it is engaged, 
except where failure to so comply would not have a MAE. The Company has all 
corporate power and authority to enter into this Placement Agent Agreement, 
the Subscription Documents, the Units, the Warrants, the Placement Agent 
Warrants, and Escrow Agreement and to carry out the provisions and 
conditions hereof and thereof and to issue, sell and deliver the 
Securities. No consents, authorizations, approvals, or orders of, or 
registration, qualification, declaration or filing with, any federal, state 
or local governmental authority on the part of the Company is required in 
connection herewith and therewith or to issue, sell and deliver the 
Securities, other than registration or qualification, or taking such action 
to secure exemption from such registration or qualification of the 
Securities under applicable state, federal or foreign securities laws, 
which actions have been taken or will be taken prior to the Closing. (ix) 
Except as set forth in the Offering Documents, the Company is not in breach 
of, or in default under, any term or provision of any indenture, mortgage, 
deed of trust, lease, note, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement 
or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other 
agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its 
properties may be bound, excluding trade payables and purchase orders as 
generally described in the Offering Documents. The Company is not in 
violation of any provision of its charter or Bylaws or in violation of any 
franchise, license, permit, judgment, decree or order, or in violation of 
any statute, rule or regulation, except for the violation of statutes, 
rules or regulations would not have a MAE. Neither the execution and 
delivery of this Placement Agent Agreement and the Subscription Documents, 
nor the issuance and sale or delivery of the Securities, nor the 
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated herein or in the 
Subscription Documents, nor the compliance by the Company with the terms 
and provisions hereof or thereof, has conflicted with or will conflict 
with, or has resulted in or will result in a breach of, any of the terms 
and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a default under, 
or has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any 
lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company, if 
any, pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, 
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an 
obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to 
which the Company may be bound or to which any of the property or assets of 
the Company is subject except where such default, lien, charge or 
encumbrance would not have a MAE; nor will such action result in any 
violation of the provisions of the charter or the Bylaws of the Company or, 
assuming the due performance by the Placement Agent of its obligations 
hereunder, any 5 statute, order, rule or regulation applicable to the 
Company of any court or of any foreign, federal, state or other regulatory 
authority or other government body having jurisdiction over the Company. 
(x) Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors, employees or 
stockholders has employed any broker or finder in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by this Placement Agent Agreement other than the 
Placement Agent and there are no claims for services in the nature of a 
finder's or origination fee with respect to the sale of the Securities. 
(xi) Subject to the performance by the Placement Agent of its obligations 
hereunder, and the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by 
the respective investors in the Subscription Documents, the Offering 
Documents and the offer and sale of the Securities comply, and will 
continue to comply, through the Offering Period with the requirements of 
Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act and any other applicable federal and state laws, rules, 
regulations and executive orders. Neither the Offering Documents nor any 
amendment or supplement thereto, nor any other documents prepared by the 
Company in connection with the Offering contain any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All statements of 
material facts in the Offering Documents are true and correct as of the 
date of the Offering Documents and will be true and correct in all material 
respects on the date of the Closing. If at any time prior to the completion 
of the Offering or other termination of this Placement Agent Agreement any 
event shall occur as a result of which it might, in the Company's opinion, 
become necessary to amend or supplement the Offering Documents so that they 
do not include any untrue statement of any material fact or omit to state 
any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in 
light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading, the Company will 
promptly notify the Placement Agent and will supply the Placement Agent 
with amendments or supplements correcting such statement or omission. (xii) 
All taxes which are due and payable from the Company have been paid in full 
or appropriate extensions of such payment have been obtained and the 
Company does not have any tax deficiency or claim outstanding assessed or 
proposed against it (except for such amounts set forth in the Offering 
Documents, which amounts will be paid at Closing). (xiii) Neither the 
Company nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents, nor any 
other person acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or indirectly, 
given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than 
legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to 
any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or 
official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any 
government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for 
office (domestic or foreign) or other person who is or may be in a position 
to help or hinder the business of each of the Company or its subsidiaries 
(or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) which 
(A) might subject the Company and its subsidiaries, if any, to any material 
damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or 
proceeding, or (B) if not given in the past, might have had a MAE on the 
assets, business or operations of the Company or its subsidiaries as 
reflected in any of the financial statements contained in the Offering 
Documents, or (C) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect 
the assets, business or operations of the Company or its subsidiaries in 
the future. (xiv) Assuming (i) the accuracy of the information provided by 
the respective investors in the Subscription Documents and (ii) that the 
Placement Agent have complied in all material respects with their 
obligations under this Placement Agent Agreement, the offer and sale of the 
Units pursuant to the terms of the Offering Documents are exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 6 (xv) When the Warrant Shares and the 
Placement Agent Shares shall have been duly delivered to the purchasers and 
payment shall have been made therefor, the purchasers thereof shall have 
good and marketable title to the Warrant Shares and the Placement Agent 
Shares, as the case may be, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and 
claims whatsoever and the Company shall have paid all taxes, if any, in 
respect of the original issuance thereof. (xvi) The Company understands 
that the foregoing representations and warranties shall be deemed material 
and to have been relied upon by the Placement Agent. No representation or 
warranty by the Company in this Placement Agent Agreement, and no written 
statement contained in any document, certificate or other writing delivered 
by the Company to the Placement Agent contains any untrue statement of 
material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the 
statements herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which 
they were made, not misleading. (xvii) The Company will not deliver the 
Offering Documents to any person it does not reasonably believe to be an 
Accredited Investor. (xviii) The Company will not intentionally take any 
action which it reasonably believes would cause the Offering to violate the 
provisions of the Securities Act, Exchange Act or the Rules and 
Regulations. (xix) The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to 
determine (a) whether any prospective purchaser is an Accredited Investor 
and (b) that any information furnished by a prospective investor is true 
and accurate. (xx) To the best of Company's knowledge, since August 31, 
2007, except as disclosed in the Offering Documents, the Company has not 
incurred any liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, not 
consistent with its past practices, or entered into any transaction not 
consistent with its past practices, which is material to the business of 
the Company, and, since the date of the Memorandum, there has not been any 
change in the capital stock of, or any incurrence of funded debt by, the 
Company, or any issuance of options, warrants or other rights to purchase 
the capital stock of the Company, or any adverse change or any development 
involving, so far as the Company can now reasonably foresee, a prospective 
adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise), net worth, 
results of operations, business, key personnel or properties which would be 
material to the business or financial condition of the Company, and the 
Company has not become a party to, and neither the business nor the 
property of the Company has become the subject of, any material litigation 
whether or not in the ordinary course of business. (xxi) Except as set 
forth in the Offering Documents, the Company filed all Federal, State, 
local and foreign tax returns, if any, which are required to be filed by it 
to the relevant agencies and all such returns are true and correct in all 
material respects except as the Company has paid all taxes pursuant to such 
returns or pursuant to any assessments received by it or which it is 
obligated to withhold from amounts owing to any employee, creditor or third 
party. The Company has properly accrued all taxes required to be accrued by 
generally accepted accounting principals consistently applied. To the best 
of current management's knowledge, the tax returns of the Company have 
never been audited by any state, local or Federal authorities. The Company 
has not waived any statute of limitations with respect to taxes or agreed 
to any extension of time with respect to any tax assessment or deficiency. 
(xxii) Except with respect to holders of the Units, no person has any right 
to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of 
any securities of the Company. The Company shall grant registration rights 
under the Securities Act to the Investors in the Offering and/or 7 their 
transferees as more fully described in the Subscription Agreement between 
the Company and the Investors. (xxiii) No person, firm or other business 
entity is a party to any agreement, contract or understanding, written or 
oral entitling such party to a right of first refusal with respect to 
offerings by the Company. 5. Representations and Warranties of RedRoller. 
RedRoller hereby represents and warrants as follows: (i) The execution, 
delivery and performance of each of this Placement Agent Agreement has been 
duly and validly authorized by RedRoller and is a valid and binding 
obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its respective 
terms, except to the extent that (a) the enforceability hereof or thereof 
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
similar laws from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of 
creditors generally, (b) the enforceability hereof or thereof is subject to 
general principles of equity; or (c) the indemnification provisions hereof 
or thereof may be held to be violative of public policy. (ii) All issued 
and outstanding securities of RedRoller have been duly authorized and 
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and were issued in compliance 
with all applicable federal and state securities laws; the holders thereof 
have no rights of rescission or preemptive rights with respect thereto and 
are not subject to personal liability solely by reason of being security 
holders; and none of such securities was issued in violation of the 
preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company. As of the 
date hereof, the authorized capital stock of RedRoller consists 50,000,000 
shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which 6,892,804 are 
issued and outstanding, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 
$0.01 per share, of which 4,607,784 are issued and outstanding. (iii) 
Except as set forth in the Offering Documents or on Schedule 5(iii) hereto, 
there are: (i) no outstanding options, warrants, rights (including 
conversion or preemptive rights) or agreements pursuant to which RedRoller 
is or may become obligated to issue, sell or repurchase any securities of 
RedRoller; (ii) no restrictions on the transfer of RedRoller's capital 
stock imposed by RedRoller's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or any 
agreement to which RedRoller is a party, any order of any court or any 
governmental agency to which RedRoller is subject or any statute other than 
those imposed by relevant state and federal securities laws; (iii) no 
cumulative voting or preemptive rights for any of RedRoller's capital 
stock; (iv) no registration rights under the Securities Act with respect to 
RedRoller's capital stock; (v) no antidilution adjustment provisions or 
similar rights with respect to the outstanding securities of RedRoller will 
be triggered by the issuance of the Securities; (vi) no voting trusts or 
agreements, shareholders agreements, pledge agreements, buy-sell, rights of 
first offer, negotiation or refusal or proxies or similar arrangements 
relating to any securities of RedRoller to which RedRoller is a party; and 
(vii) no options or other rights to purchase securities from its 
shareholders granted by such shareholders. (iv) Each of RedRoller and its 
subsidiary, Taylor Systems Engineering, a Michigan corporation ("TSE"), has 
good and marketable title to, or valid and enforceable leasehold estates 
in, all items of real and personal property necessary to conduct its 
business (including, without limitation, any real or personal property 
stated in the Offering Documents to be owned or leased by RedRoller and 
TSE), free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims, security interests 
and defects of any nature whatsoever, other than those set forth in the 
Offering Documents and liens for taxes not yet due and payable. All of the 
leases and subleases under which RedRoller is the lessor or sublessor of 
properties or assets or under which RedRoller holds properties or assets as 
lessee or sublessee are in full force and effect, and 8 RedRoller is not in 
default with respect to any of the terms or provisions of any of such 
leases or subleases, and no claim has been asserted by anyone adverse to 
rights of RedRoller as lessor, sublessor, lessee or sublessee under any of 
the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the 
right of RedRoller to continued possession of the leased or subleased 
premises or assets under any such lease or sublease. (v) There is no 
litigation or governmental proceeding pending or, to the best of 
RedRoller's knowledge, threatened against, or involving RedRoller or TSE or 
their properties or business, except as set forth in the Offering 
Documents. RedRoller is not a party to any order, writ, injunction, 
judgment or decree of any court. (vi) Each of RedRoller and TSE has been 
duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing 
under their respective jurisdictions of incorporation. Except for TSE and 
as set forth in the Offering Documents, RedRoller does not own or control, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in any other corporation, partnership, 
trust, joint venture or other business entity. RedRoller owns 100% of the 
outstanding capital stock of TSE. Each of RedRoller and TSE is duly 
qualified or licensed and in good standing as a foreign corporation in each 
jurisdiction in which the character of its operations requires such 
qualification or licensing and where failure to so qualify would have a 
material adverse effect on RedRoller and TSE taken as a whole (a "RR MAE"). 
Each of RedRoller and TSE has all requisite corporate power and authority, 
and all material and necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, 
certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials 
and bodies (domestic and foreign) to conduct its businesses (and proposed 
business), and each of RedRoller and TSE is doing business in compliance 
with all such authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and 
permits and all foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and 
regulations concerning the business in which it is engaged, except where 
failure to so comply would not have a RR MAE. RedRoller has all corporate 
power and authority to enter into this Placement Agent Agreement and to 
carry out the provisions and conditions hereof. No consents, 
authorizations, approvals, or orders of, or registration, qualification, 
declaration or filing with, any federal, state or local governmental 
authority on the part of RedRoller is required in connection herewith. 
(vii) Except as set forth in the Offering Documents or on Schedule 5(iii) 
hereto, each of RedRoller and TSE is not in breach of, or in default under, 
any term or provision of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, 
note, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument 
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or 
instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties 
may be bound, except for any breach or default that would not have a RR MAE 
and excluding trade payables and purchase orders as generally described in 
the Offering Documents. Each of RedRoller and TSE is not in violation of 
any provision of its respective charter or Bylaws or in violation of any 
franchise, license, permit, judgment, decree or order, or in violation of 
any statute, rule or regulation, except for the violation of statutes, 
rules or regulations would not have a RR MAE. Neither the execution and 
delivery of this Placement Agent Agreement and the Subscription Documents, 
nor the issuance and sale or delivery of the Securities, nor the 
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated herein or in the 
Subscription Documents, nor the compliance by each of RedRoller and TSE 
with the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, has conflicted with or 
will conflict with, or has resulted in or will result in a breach of, any 
of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a 
default under, or has resulted in or will result in the creation or 
imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets 
of RedRoller and its subsidiaries, if any, pursuant to the terms of any 
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement or any 
other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, 
or any other agreement or instrument to which RedRoller or its subsidiaries 
may be bound or to which any of the property or assets of RedRoller or its 
subsidiaries is subject except where such default, lien, charge or 
encumbrance would not have a RR MAE; nor will such action result in any 
violation of the provisions of the charter or the Bylaws of each of 9 
RedRoller and TSE or, assuming the due performance by the Placement Agent 
of its obligations hereunder, any statute, order, rule or regulation 
applicable to RedRoller or its subsidiaries of any court or of any foreign, 
federal, state or other regulatory authority or other government body 
having jurisdiction over each of RedRoller and TSE. (viii) Neither 
RedRoller nor any of its officers, directors, employees or stockholders has 
employed any broker or finder in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Placement Agent Agreement other than the Placement 
Agent and there are no claims for services in the nature of a finder's or 
origination fee with respect to the sale of the Securities. (ix) Each of 
RedRoller and TSE owns or possesses, free and clear of all liens or 
encumbrances and rights thereto or therein by third parties, the requisite 
licenses or other rights to use all trademarks, service marks, copyrights, 
service names, trade names, patents, patent applications and licenses 
necessary to conduct its business (including, without limitation, any such 
license, patent or rights described in the Offering Documents as being 
owned or possessed by each of RedRoller and TSE) and there is no claim or 
action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding, pending or to 
RedRoller's knowledge, threatened, which challenges the rights of each of 
RedRoller and TSE with respect to any trademarks, service marks, 
copyrights, service names, trade names, patents, patent applications and 
licenses used in the conduct of each of RedRoller's and TSE's businesses 
(including, without limitation, any such licenses or rights described in 
the Offering Documents as being owned or possessed by each of RedRoller and 
TSE); to RedRoller's knowledge, each of RedRoller's and its TSE's current 
products, services or processes do not infringe on the patents currently 
held by any third party. (x) Each of RedRoller and TSE is not under any 
obligation to pay royalties or fees of any kind whatsoever to any third 
party with respect to any trademarks, service marks, copyrights, service 
names, trade names, patents, patent applications, licenses or technology it 
has developed, uses, employs or intends to use or employ, other than to 
their respective licensors. (xi) Neither the Offering Documents nor any 
amendment or supplement thereto, nor any other documents prepared by 
RedRoller in connection with the Offering contain any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All statements of 
material facts related to RedRoller and TSE in the Offering Documents are 
true and correct as of the date of the Offering Documents and will be true 
and correct in all material respects on the date of the Closing. If at any 
time prior to the completion of the Offering or other termination of this 
Placement Agent Agreement any event shall occur as a result of which it 
might, in RedRoller's opinion, become necessary to amend or supplement the 
Offering Documents so that they do not include any untrue statement of any 
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make 
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances then existing, not 
misleading, RedRoller will promptly notify the Placement Agent and will 
supply the Placement Agent with amendments or supplements correcting such 
statement or omission. (xii) Except as set forth in the Offering Documents 
or on Schedule 5(xii) hereto, all taxes which are due and payable from each 
of RedRoller and TSE have been paid in full or appropriate extensions of 
such payment have been obtained and each of RedRoller and TSE does not have 
any tax deficiency or claim outstanding assessed or proposed against it 
(except for such amounts set forth in the Offering Documents, which amounts 
will be paid at Closing). (xiii) The unaudited financial statements of 
RedRoller included in the Offering Documents fairly present the financial 
position, results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows, in all 
material respects, of RedRoller at the respective dates thereof and for the 
periods referred to therein. 10 (xiv) Neither RedRoller nor its 
subsidiaries, if any, nor any of their respective officers, directors, 
employees or agents, nor any other person acting on behalf of RedRoller or 
its subsidiaries, if any, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to 
give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions 
to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, 
employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any 
governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or 
foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or 
foreign) or other person who is or may be in a position to help or hinder 
the business of each of RedRoller and TSE (or assist it in connection with 
any actual or proposed transaction) which (A) might subject RedRoller and 
its subsidiaries, if any, to any material damage or penalty in any civil, 
criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, or (B) if not given in 
the past, might have had a RR MAE on the assets, business or operations of 
RedRoller or its subsidiaries as reflected in any of the unaudited 
financial statements contained in the Offering Documents, or (C) if not 
continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or 
operations of RedRoller or TSE in the future. (xv) RedRoller understands 
that the foregoing representations and warranties shall be deemed material 
and to have been relied upon by the Placement Agent. No representation or 
warranty by RedRoller in this Placement Agent Agreement, and no written 
statement contained in any document, certificate or other writing delivered 
by RedRoller to the Placement Agent contains any untrue statement of 
material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the 
statements herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which 
they were made, not misleading. (xvi) RedRoller will not deliver the 
Offering Documents to any person it does not reasonably believe to be an 
Accredited Investor. (xvii) RedRoller will not intentionally take any 
action which it reasonably believes would cause the Offering to violate the 
provisions of the Securities Act, Exchange Act or the Rules and 
Regulations. (xviii) RedRoller shall use all reasonable efforts to 
determine (a) whether any prospective purchaser is an Accredited Investor 
and (b) that any information furnished by a prospective investor is true 
and accurate. (xix) Except as set forth in the Offering Documents, as of 
the date hereof, RedRoller has no contractual liability or any other 
liability, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, 
indeterminable or otherwise, which was not (i) reflected or reserved 
against in the financial statements or (ii) incurred in the ordinary course 
of business, consistent with past practice since its inception. (xx) To the 
best of Company's knowledge, since August 31, 2007, except as disclosed in 
the Offering Documents, RedRoller has not incurred any liabilities or 
obligations, direct or contingent, not consistent with its past practices, 
or entered into any transaction not consistent with its past practices, 
which is material to the business of RedRoller, and, since the date of the 
Memorandum, there has not been any change in the capital stock of, or any 
incurrence of funded debt by, RedRoller, or any issuance of options, 
warrants or other rights to purchase the capital stock of RedRoller, or any 
adverse change or any development involving, so far as RedRoller can now 
reasonably foresee, a prospective adverse change in the condition 
(financial or otherwise), net worth, results of operations, business, key 
personnel or properties which would be material to the business or 
financial condition of RedRoller, and RedRoller has not become a party to, 
and neither the business nor the property of RedRoller has become the 
subject of, any material litigation whether or not in the ordinary course 
of business. 11 (xxi) Except as set forth in the Offering Documents or on 
Schedule 5(xii) hereto, RedRoller filed all Federal, State, local and 
foreign tax returns, if any, which are required to be filed by it to the 
relevant agencies and all such returns are true and correct in all material 
respects except as RedRoller has paid all taxes pursuant to such returns or 
pursuant to any assessments received by it or which it is obligated to 
withhold from amounts owing to any employee, creditor or third party. 
RedRoller has properly accrued all taxes required to be accrued by 
generally accepted accounting principals consistently applied. To the best 
of current management's knowledge, the tax returns of RedRoller have never 
been audited by any state, local or Federal authorities. RedRoller has not 
waived any statute of limitations with respect to taxes or agreed to any 
extension of time with respect to any tax assessment or deficiency. 6. 
Certain Covenants and Agreements of the Company and RedRoller. The Company 
and, as applicable, RedRoller covenant and agree at their expense and 
without any expense to the Placement Agent as follows: A. To advise the 
Placement Agent of any adverse change in the Company's or RedRoller's 
financial condition, prospects or business or of any development materially 
affecting the Company or RedRoller or rendering untrue or misleading any 
material statement in the Offering Documents occurring at any time prior to 
the Closing as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company or 
RedRoller is either informed or becomes aware thereof. B. To use their 
respective best efforts to cause the Securities to be qualified or 
registered for sale, or to obtain exemptions from such qualification or 
registration requirements, on terms consistent with those stated in the 
Offering Documents, the Units, the Warrants and the Placement Agent 
Warrants under the securities laws of such jurisdictions as the Placement 
Agent shall reasonably request, provided that such states and jurisdictions 
do not require the Company or RedRoller to qualify as a foreign 
corporation. Qualification, registration and exemption charges and fees 
shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Company and RedRoller. The 
Company's or RedRoller's counsel shall perform the required "Blue Sky" 
services, and all reasonable expenses and disbursements of Company's 
counsel relating to such "Blue Sky" matters and relating to the Offering 
shall be paid by the Company or RedRoller. C. To apply the net proceeds of 
the Offering as described in the Offering Documents. D. To comply with the 
terms of the Subscription Documents, Units, Warrants and the Placement 
Agent Warrants. E. To issue to the Placement Agent or its designees, at the 
Closing, the Placement Agent Warrants and provide for registration by the 
Company of the Placement Agent Shares issuable upon the exercise thereof. 
F. To keep available out of the Company's authorized and designated Common 
Stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon the exercise of the Warrants 
and the Placement Agent Warrants, such number of Warrant Shares and 
Placement Agent Shares. G. To execute, at and conditioned upon the Closing, 
an Investment Banking Advisory Agreement with the Placement Agent in 
connection with the Company's future financings, combinations and/or its 
general corporate finance or corporate advisory needs. Such agreement shall 
be for a minimum of twelve (12) months and shall be non-exclusive. The 
Placement Agent will have a first right of refusal 12 for eighteen (18) 
months after the Closing to co-lead manage any contemplated capital raise 
for Twenty Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000) and less as co-manager. The 
Placement Agent shall be entitled to a minimum of two percent (2%) cash 
compensation on gross proceeds of any such contemplated capital raise. The 
Placement Agent's compensation for corporate finance and combination 
transactions shall be determined, on a case-by-case basis, by mutual 
agreement of the Company and the Placement Agent. H. To provide the 
Placement Agent with a copy of a duly executed escrow agreement in the form 
previously delivered to you regarding the deposit of funds pending the 
Closing with the Escrow Agent within seven (7) days from the date hereof. 
I. To compose Pubco's Board of Directors in a manner that is reasonably 
acceptable to the Placement Agent, which such composition shall include at 
least a majority of "independent" directors, within six (6) months of the 
Closing, and to appoint the Placement Agent designated non-voting observer 
to Pubco's Board of Directors at the Closing for a two (2) year period 
following the Closing. Such observer shall be entitled to receive 
reimbursement for reasonably incurred expenses and all data as and when 
received by voting members. However, it is expressly understood that such 
appointee will only be present at meetings of the Board of Directors where 
the Secretary and Treasurer are also present. Accordingly, such appointee 
will not participate in unofficial ad-hoc meetings, conference calls or 
executive sessions of the Board of Directors. J. To execute and deliver 
employment agreements with RedRoller's key management in forms reasonably 
acceptable to the Placement Agent and its counsel. K. To provide quarterly 
financial projections and a budget of Pubco's for the two-year period 
following the Offering, as approved by Pubco's Board of Directors. L. To 
effectuate the closing of the Merger. M. In the event the Company elects 
not to proceed with the Offering prior to October 31, 2007 for any reason 
other than the Placement Agent's bad faith in processing the transaction, 
or if the Placement Agent elects not to proceed due to a material breach by 
the Company of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this 
Placement Agent Agreement, or as a result of the Company's willful failure 
to meet any of the conditions to the Offering previously described, to pay 
the Placement Agent, exclusive of any payments otherwise made, for its 
time, efforts and lost opportunities, a "break-up" fee of Two Hundred 
Thousand Dollars ($200,000) PLUS One Hundred Thousand (100,000) Placement 
Agent Warrants or, if the Offering Documents have been distributed to 
potential purchasers of Units, Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000) 
PLUS Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) Placement Agent Warrants. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Units to be sold in 
connection with the Minimum Offering shall represent more than 20% of the 
fully-diluted shares of capital stock of the Company, the Company may elect 
to not proceed with the Offering with no such "break-up" fee becoming due 
and payable as a result of such election. N. To convert all series of the 
Company's issued and outstanding shares of Preferred Stock into shares of 
its Common Stock and effectuate the subsequent reverse split of such shares 
to affect a valuation that is mutually acceptable to the Company and the 
Placement Agent. 7. Indemnification. A. The Company agrees to indemnify and 
hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates, the directors, officers 
and employees of the Placement Agent and its affiliates and subagents and 
selected dealers, and each other person or entity, if any, controlling the 
Placement Agent or any of its affiliates 14 (collectively, "Company 
Indemnified Persons"), from and against, and the Company agrees that no 
Indemnified Person shall have any liability to the Company or its owners, 
parents, affiliates, securityholders or creditors for, any losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities or expenses (including actions, claims or proceedings 
in respect thereof brought by or against any person, including stockholders 
of the Company, and the cost of any investigation and preparation therefore 
and defense thereof) (collectively, "Placement Agent Losses") related to or 
arising out of any statements or omissions made in the Offering Documents 
or any exhibit thereto or the services, commitment or other obligations 
undertaken or being considered by the Placement Agent in this Placement 
Agent Agreement in connection with the sale of the Securities in the 
Offering (collectively, the "Placement Agent's Role"), and claims relating 
to any finders or origination fees, except that the indemnification shall 
not apply to the Placement Agent Losses of an Indemnified Person that are 
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment not 
subject to appeal to have resulted from the bad faith or gross negligence 
of such Indemnified Person or to Placement Agent Losses arising out of a 
claim under subsection (A) under this Section 7 as to an alleged omission 
from or misstatement in, the Offering Documents or any exhibit thereto if 
either (i) at or prior to the execution of a Subscription Agreement the 
copy of the Memorandum and exhibits were not sent or delivered to the 
subscriber or (ii) the alleged untrue statement was corrected or the 
omission of a material fact alleged was contained in a supplement or 
amendment to the Memorandum was delivered to the subscriber prior to the 
written acceptance of the subscriber's Subscription Agreement by the 
Company. In addition, the indemnification referenced above shall not apply 
to the Placement Agent Losses of an Indemnified Person that are determined 
by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment not subject to 
appeal to have resulted from the bad faith or gross negligence of the 
Placement Agent. B. The Placement Agent agrees to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Company and RedRoller, their respective affiliates, directors, 
officers and employees, and each other person or entity, if any, 
controlling the Company or RedRoller or any of their affiliates 
(collectively, "Placement Agent Indemnified Persons and, together with the 
Company Indemnified Persons, the "Indemnified Persons"), from and against, 
and the Placement Agent agrees that no Placement Agent Indemnified Person 
shall have any liability to the Placement Agent or its owners, parents, 
affiliates, securityholders or creditors for any for, any losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities or expenses (including actions, claims or proceedings 
in respect thereof) brought by or against any person, including 
stockholders or members of the Placement Agent, and the cost of any 
investigation and preparation therefore and defense thereof (collectively, 
"Company/RedRoller Losses" and, together with the Placement Agent Losses, 
"Losses") (i) related to or arising out of any acts or failures to act 
undertaken or omitted to be taken by the Placement Agent or the Designees 
in connection with the Offering through their bad faith, willful misconduct 
or gross negligence, or (ii) in whole or in part upon any (a) inaccuracy in 
the representations and warranties of the Placement Agents contained herein 
or (b) any failure of the Placement Agent to perform its obligations 
hereunder; and to reimburse the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties for any 
legal and other expense reasonably incurred by such person or entity in 
connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying 
any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The maximum 
aggregate payment that the Placement Agent shall be liable to pay out 
hereunder in respect of indemnification of the Company Indemnified Parties 
shall be limited, in the aggregate, to the amount of consideration received 
by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Placement Agent Agreement. C. 
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person (each an "indemnified 
party") under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement of any action, 
such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made 
against any indemnifying party under this Section 7, notify in writing the 
indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, however, that no delay on 
the part of the indemnified party in notifying the indemnifying party shall 
relieve the indemnifying party from any obligation hereunder unless the 
indemnifying party is prejudiced by such delay. In case any such action is 
brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying 
party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled 
to participate therein, and to the extent that it may wish, jointly with 14 
any other indemnifying party, similarly notified, to assume the defense 
thereof, with counsel who shall be to the reasonable satisfaction of such 
indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to such 
indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the 
indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this 
Section 7 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such 
indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof other than 
reasonable costs of investigation; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if, in the 
reasonable judgment of the indemnified party, it is advisable for the 
indemnified party to be represented by separate counsel, the indemnified 
party shall have the right to employ a single counsel only to represent the 
indemnified parties who may be subject to liability arising out of any 
claim in respect of which indemnity may be sought by the indemnified 
parties thereof against the indemnifying party, in which event the fees and 
expenses of such separate counsel shall be borne by the indemnifying party. 
Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such indemnified 
party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without 
the consent of such indemnifying party. If such an indemnity provided for 
in this Placement Agent Agreement is unavailable or insufficient for any 
Indemnified Person with respect to any Losses (other than by reason of the 
gross negligence or bad faith of such indemnifying party), then the 
indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person, will 
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a 
result of such Losses (i) in such proportion as it is appropriate to 
reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and RedRoller on the 
one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other hand, from the transactions 
contemplated hereunder (the "Transactions"), or (ii) if the allocation 
provided by (i) above is not permitted by applicable law in such proportion 
as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in 
(i) above, but also the relative fault on the Company and RedRoller, on the 
one hand, and of the Placement Agent on the other hand in connection with 
statements or omissions that resulted in Losses as well as any other 
relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the 
Company and RedRoller on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the 
other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total 
proceeds from the Transactions (net of sales commissions, but before 
deducting other expenses) received by the Company bear to the commissions 
received by the Placement Agent. The relative fault of the Company and 
RedRoller, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other hand, 
will be determined with reference to, among other things, whether the 
untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact or the omission to 
state a material fact relates to the information supplied by the Company 
and RedRoller, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other hand, 
and their relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity 
to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company, RedRoller 
and the Placement Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if 
contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata 
allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into 
account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately 
preceding paragraph. THE PLACEMENT AGENT HEREBY AGREES AND THE COMPANY 
HEREBY AGREES, ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS SECURITYHOLDERS, TO 
WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM, COUNTER-CLAIM 
OR ACTION ARISING OUT OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT'S ROLE OR THIS PLACEMENT AGENT 
AGREEMENT. 8. Payment of Expenses. Whether or not the Offering is 
successfully completed, the Company and RedRoller hereby agree to bear all 
of the customary reasonable expenses in connection with the Offering, 
including, but not limited to the following: due diligence, background 
examinations of the Company's and RedRoller's 15 officers, directors, 
controlling persons and key employees, travel, lodging, filing fees, 
printing and duplicating costs, advertisements, postage and mailing 
expenses with respect to the transmission of offering material, registrar 
and transfer agent fees, escrow agent fees and expenses, fees of the 
Company's and RedRoller's counsel and accountants, issue and transfer 
taxes, if any, "Blue Sky" counsel fees and expenses of Company's counsel 
and the legal fees and expenses of the Placement Agent's counsel in an 
amount not to exceed $30,000. It is agreed that the Company's counsel shall 
perform the required Blue Sky legal services. 9. Conditions of the Closing 
Provided the Offering shall have been subscribed for and funds representing 
such amount thereof shall have cleared, the Closing shall be held at the 
offices of the Placement Agent's counsel or such other place as mutually 
agreed upon by the parties hereto. The obligations of the Placement Agent 
hereunder shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the 
representations and warranties, in all material respects, of the Company 
and, as applicable, RedRoller herein as of the date hereof and as of the 
date of the Closing as if such representations and warranties had been made 
on and as of the Closing; the accuracy on and as of the date of the Closing 
of the statements of the officers of the Company and RedRoller made 
pursuant to the provisions hereof; and the performance by the Company and 
RedRoller on and as of the Closing of its covenants and obligations 
hereunder and to the following further conditions: A. At the Closing, the 
Placement Agent shall receive the opinion of Clark Wilson LLP, counsel to 
the Company, dated as of the date of the Closing, which opinion shall be 
acceptable to the Placement Agent's counsel in connection with this 
Offering and in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. B. At or prior to 
the Closing, counsel for the Placement Agent shall have been furnished such 
documents, certificates and opinions as it may reasonably require for the 
purpose of enabling it to review or pass upon the matters referred to in 
this Placement Agent Agreement and the Offering Documents, or in order to 
evidence the accuracy, completeness or satisfaction of any of the 
representations, warranties or conditions contained herein. C. At and prior 
to the Closing, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change nor 
development involving a prospective change in the financial condition or 
operations except where such change would not have a material adverse 
effect or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company, 
RedRoller or its subsidiary from the latest dates as of which such 
condition is set forth in the Offering Documents; (ii) there shall have 
been no material transaction, not in the ordinary course of business, 
entered into by the Company, RedRoller or its subsidiary which has not been 
disclosed as having taken place or being contemplated in the Offering 
Documents or to the Placement Agent in writing; (iii) neither the Company 
nor RedRoller shall be in default under any provision of any instrument 
relating to any outstanding indebtedness, excluding trade payables, for 
which a waiver or extension has not been otherwise received except where 
such default would not have a material adverse effect; (iv) except as set 
forth in the Offering Documents or in the Schedules to this Agreement, the 
Company shall not have issued any securities (other than those set forth in 
the Offering Documents or pursuant to the exercise of outstanding warrants 
or options) or declared or paid any dividend or made any distribution of 
its capital stock of any class and there shall not have been any material 
adverse change in the indebtedness (long or short term) or liabilities or 
obligations of the Company and its subsidiaries (contingent or otherwise); 
(v) no material amount of the assets of the Company, RedRoller or its 
subsidiary shall have been pledged or mortgaged, except with respect to 
assets in the normal course of business and as indicated in the Offering 
Documents or in the Schedules to this Placement Agent Agreement; and (vi) 
no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, against the Company, 
RedRoller or its subsidiary or affecting any of their respective properties 
or businesses shall be pending or threatened before or by any court or 
federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency, domestic 
or 16 foreign, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding could 
have a material adverse effect, except as set forth in the Offering 
Documents or in the Schedules of this Placement Agent Agreement. D. Subject 
to the filing of any necessary state "Blue Sky" filings, the Offering will 
become qualified or be exempt from qualification under the securities laws 
of the several states as contemplated by Section 6(B) hereof no later than 
the date of the Closing and no stop order suspending the sale of the Units 
shall have been issued, and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been 
initiated or threatened. E. At the Closing, the Placement Agent shall have 
received certificates of the Company and RedRoller signed by their 
respective chief executive officers and chief financial officers, dated as 
of the date of the Closing, to the effect that the conditions set forth in 
subparagraph (C) above have been satisfied and that, as of the date of the 
Closing, the representations and warranties of the Company and RedRoller 
set forth herein are true and correct. F. At or prior to the Closing, the 
closing of the Merger shall have occurred. G. The Company, RedRoller and 
the Placement Agent shall have executed the Placement Agent Agreement and 
the Placement Agent shall have been delivered the Company's counsel's 
opinion in accordance therewith. H. There shall be reasonable satisfaction 
by the Placement Agent with its ongoing due diligence of the Company, 
RedRoller and any its subsidiary, including, but not limited to, the 
Company's and RedRoller's financial condition, business prospects, 
acquisition targets, management and respective Boards of Directors. This 
also includes satisfactory background examinations of the Company's and 
RedRoller's officers, directors, controlling persons and key employees. I. 
RedRoller shall have delivered to the Placement Agent at Closing an annual 
projection of its operations, financial position and cash flow of RedRoller 
and its Subsidiary, as approved by the Board of Directors and executive 
officers of RedRoller. J. RedRoller shall have delivered employment 
agreements with key management reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent 
and its counsel K. RedRoller shall have delivered quarterly financial 
projections and a budget of the Company for the two-year period following 
the Offering, as approved by the Company's Board of Directors. L. RedRoller 
shall have delivered comfort representation from the Company's bank 
creditors. M. Pubco shall have appointed the Placement Agent designated 
non-voting observer to Pubco's Board of Directors at the initial closing 
for a two (2) year period following the initial closing of the Offering. 
Such observer shall be entitled to receive reimbursement for reasonably 
incurred expenses and all data as and when received by voting members. 
However, it is expressly understood that such appointee will only be 
present at meetings of Pubco's Board of Directors where the Secretary and 
Treasurer are also present. Accordingly, such appointee will not 
participate in unofficial ad-hoc meetings, conference calls or executive 
sessions of the Board of Directors. 17 10. Termination. This Placement 
Agent Agreement shall terminate if the Closing does not take place on or 
before seven (7) business days following the termination of the Offering 
Period. In the event that the Offering is not successfully completed, then 
the Company shall immediately pay to the Placement Agent the amount of its 
reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with 
the offer of the Securities, plus the Placement Agent's legal expenses 
except that the Company shall not be responsible for any fees or expenses 
of the Placement Agent's legal counsel in excess of $30,000 without the 
Company's prior written approval. Upon any termination of the Offering, all 
subscription documents and payments for the Securities not previously 
delivered to the purchasers thereof, shall be returned to the respective 
subscribers, without interest thereon or deduction therefrom, and no party 
hereto shall have any further obligation to the other, except as 
specifically provided herein. 11. Miscellaneous. A. This Placement Agent 
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed to be an original, but all which shall be deemed to be one 
and the same instrument. B. Any notice required or permitted to be given 
hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effective when 
deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, or when received if 
personally delivered, sent by overnight courier or faxed, addressed as 
follows: To the Placement Agent: Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC 30 Broad Street 
New York, New York 10004 Fax: (212) 440-9668 Attention: Stephan A. Stein 
with a copy to: Cozen O'Connor 1627 I Street, NW, Suite 1100 Washington, DC 
20006 Fax (202) 912-4830 Attention: Ralph V. De Martino, Esq. To the 
Company: Aslahan Enterprises Ltd. Suite 123 - 2498 West 41st Avenue 
Vancouver, British Columbia, V6M 2A7 Canada Attention: Tina Sangha 18 with 
a copy to: Clark Wilson LLP 800 - 885 West Georgia Street Vancouver B.C. 
V6C 3H1 Attn: William L. MacDonald To RedRoller: RedRoller, Inc. Soundview 
Plaza 1266 East Main Street, 2nd Floor Stamford, CT 06902-3546 Tel: (203) 
286-0100 Fax: (203) 852-8512 Attention: William Van Wyck with a copy to: 
DLA Piper US LLP 33 Arch Street, 26th Floor Boston, MA 02116 Tel: (617) 
406-6063 Fax: (617) 406-6163 Attention: Francis J. Feeney, Jr., Esq. or to 
such other address of which written notice is given to the others. C. This 
Placement Agent Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all 
respects under the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its 
conflict of laws rules or principles. Any suit, action, proceeding or 
litigation arising out of or relating to this Placement Agent Agreement 
shall be brought and prosecuted only in federal and state courts in the 
City, County and State of New York. The parties hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally consent to the jurisdiction of each such court or courts 
located within the State of New York and to service of process by 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by any other 
manner provided by applicable law, and hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally waive any right to claim that any suit, action, proceeding 
or litigation so commenced has been commenced in an inconvenient forum. D. 
This Placement Agent Agreement and the other agreements referenced herein 
contain the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to 
the subject Offering and may not be modified or amended except by a writing 
duly signed by the party against whom enforcement of the modification or 
amendment is sought. E. If any provision of this Placement Agent Agreement 
shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or 
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Placement 
Agent Agreement. [REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK] 19 IN WITNESS 
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Placement Agent Agreement as 
of the date first written above. ASLAHAN ENTERPRISES LTD. By: /s/ Tina 
Sangha ---------------------------- Name: Tina Sangha Title: President 
REDROLLER, INC. By: /s/ William Van Wyck ---------------------------- Name: 
William Van Wyck Title: Chief Executive Officer JOSEPH GUNNAR & CO., LLC 
By: /s/ Stephen A. Stein ------------------------- Name: Stephan A. Stein 
Title: Chief Operating Officer 20 EXHIBIT A 1. The Company is a corporation 
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
State of Nevada and has all requisite corporate power and authority to 
enter into and perform its obligations under the [transaction documents], 
and to carry out the transactions contemplated by the [transaction 
documents] and each other document or instrument executed by it in 
connection therewith or pursuant thereto, including the sale, issuance and 
delivery of the Units and the issuance and delivery of the [conversion 
shares] upon conversion of the Warrants. 2. The execution and delivery of 
the [transaction documents] by the Company, the performance of the 
Company's obligations thereunder and the sale, issuance and delivery of the 
Units, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary actions on 
the part of the Company, its directors and its stockholders and each of the 
[transaction documents] constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the 
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, 
[subject to the qualifications set out in paragraph numbered __ below]. 
Assuming a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of common 
stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, are available for 
issuance when the Warrants are exercised for shares of common stock of the 
Company, par value $0.001 per share, the [conversion shares], when issued 
and delivered upon conversion of the Warrants in accordance with the 
Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 3. The 
execution and delivery by the Company of the [transaction documents], and 
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby, 
do not (a) to our knowledge, violate the provisions of any U.S. federal 
law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or the [Nevada corporate 
law]; (b) to our knowledge, violate the provisions of the [Charter] or 
[By-laws]; (c) to our knowledge, violate any judgment, decree, order or 
award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator specifically naming the 
Company; or (d) with or without notice and/or the passage of time, conflict 
with or result in the breach or termination of any term or provision of, or 
constitute a default under, or cause any acceleration under, or cause the 
creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon the properties or assets 
of the Company pursuant to, any agreement to which the Company is a party. 
4. The issuance and sale of the Units is not, and the issuance of the 
[conversion shares] upon conversion of the Warrants in accordance with the 
Warrants will not be subject to any statutory preemptive rights under the 
[Nevada corporate law], or similar rights under the [Charter] or [By-laws]. 
21 SCHEDULE 5(III) 1. RedRoller has issued promissory notes convertible 
into 3,333,333 shares (the "(B)(2) Shares") of RedRoller Series B(2) 
Preferred Stock. Prior to the Closing, all such notes shall be converted 
into the B(2) Shares. 2. Holders of RedRoller preferred stock have certain 
anti-dilution rights. Prior to the Closing, RedRoller intends to obtain the 
number of stockholder votes necessary to convert all shares of RedRoller 
preferred stock, including the B(2) Shares, into shares of RedRoller common 
stock. 3. RedRoller and all holders of capital stock of RedRoller have 
entered in that certain Stockholders' Agreement, dated as of February 22, 
2005 (the "Stockholders' Agreement"), which provides for, amongst other 
things, certain rights of first refusal, pre-emptive rights and 
registration rights with respect to shares of RedRoller capital stock. 
Prior to the Closing, RedRoller intends to obtain the number of stockholder 
votes necessary to terminate the Stockholders Agreement. 22 SCHEDULE 5(XII) 
1. RedRoller has not filed a tax federal and state tax returns for fiscal 
year 2006. It has applied for and was granted extensions to file these tax 
returns and intends to do so prior to the Closing. 2. TSE has not filed a 
tax federal and state tax returns for fiscal year 2006. It has applied for 
and was granted extensions to file these tax returns and intends to do so 
prior to the Closing. 23