 EX-10.7 10 m0839exhibit107.htm ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT
(MulticurrencyCross Border)

ISDAÒ
International Swap Dealers Association, Inc.

MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of November 2, 2007
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.


and
BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1 by: Wilmington Trust Company, not in its 
individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee
_______________________________________
("Party A")

 

_________________________________________
("Party B")

have entered and/or anticipate entering into one or more transactions (each 
a Transaction) that are or will
be governed by this Master Agreement, which includes the schedule (the 
Schedule), and the documents
and other confirming evidence (each a Confirmation) exchanged between the 
parties confirming those Transactions.

Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:

1.
Interpretation

(a)
Definitions. The terms defined in Section 14 and in the Schedule will have 
the meanings therein specified for the purpose of this Master Agreement.

(b)
Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of 
the Schedule and the other provisions of this Master Agreement, the 
Schedule will prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between the 
provisions of any Confirmation and this Master Agreement (including the 
Schedule), such Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the relevant 
Transaction.

(c)
Single Agreement. All Transactions are entered into in reliance on the fact 
that this Master Agreement and all Confirmations form a single agreement 
between the parties (collectively referred to as
this Agreement), and the parties would not otherwise enter into any 
Transactions.

2.
Obligations

(a)
General Conditions.

      (i)
      Each party will make each payment or delivery specified in each
      Confirmation to be made by it, subject to the other provisions of
      this Agreement.

      (ii)
      Payments under this Agreement will be made on the due date for value
      on that date in the place
      of the account specified in the relevant Confirmation or otherwise
      pursuant to this Agreement, in freely transferable funds and in the
      manner customary for payments in the required currency. Where
      settlement is by delivery (that is, other than by payment), such
      delivery will be made for receipt on the due date in the manner
      customary for the relevant obligation unless otherwise specified in
      the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement.

      (iii)
      Each obligation of each party under Section 2(a)(i) is subject to (1)
      the condition precedent
      that no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default with respect
      to the other party has occurred
      and is continuing, (2) the condition precedent that no Early
      Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction has occurred
      or been effectively designated and (3) each other applicable
      condition precedent specified in this Agreement.


Copyright © 1992 by International Swap Dealers Association, Inc.

 




------------------------------------------------------------------------

(b)
Change of Account.  Either party may change its account for receiving a 
payment or delivery by giving notice to the other party at least five Local 
Business Days prior to the scheduled date for the payment or delivery to 
which such change applies unless such other party gives timely notice of a 
reasonable objection to such change.

(c)
Netting.  If on any date amounts would otherwise be payable:

      (i)
      in the same currency; and

      (ii)
      in respect of the same Transaction,

by each party to the other, then, on such date, each partys obligation to 
make payment of any such amount will be automatically satisfied and 
discharged and, if the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been 
payable by one party exceeds the aggregate amount that would otherwise have 
been payable by the other party, replaced by an obligation upon the party 
by whom the larger aggregate amount would have been payable to pay to the 
other party the excess of the larger aggregate amount over the smaller 
aggregate amount.

The parties may elect in respect of two or more Transactions that a net 
amount will be determined in respect of all amounts payable on the same 
date in the same currency in respect of such Transactions, regardless of 
whether such amounts are payable in respect of the same Transaction.  The 
election may be made in the Schedule or a Confirmation by specifying that 
subparagraph (ii) above will not apply to the Transactions identified as 
being subject to the election, together with the starting date (in which 
case subparagraph (ii) above will not, or will cease to, apply to such 
Transactions from such date).  This election may be made separately for 
different groups of Transactions and will apply separately to each pairing 
of Offices through which the parties make and receive payments or 
deliveries.

(d)
Deduction or Withholding for Tax.

      (i)
      Gross-Up.  All payments under this Agreement will be made without any
      deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax unless such
      deduction or withholding is required by any applicable law, as
      modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue
      authority, then in effect.  If a party is so required to deduct or
      withhold, then that party (X) will:

            (1)
            promptly notify the other party (Y) of such requirement;

            (2)
            pay to the relevant authorities the full amount required to be
            deducted or withheld (including the full amount required to be
            deducted or withheld from any additional amount paid by X to Y
            under this Section 2(d)) promptly upon the earlier of
            determining that such deduction or withholding is required or
            receiving notice that such amount has been assessed against Y;

            (3)
            promptly forward to Y an official receipt (or a certified
            copy), or other documentation reasonably acceptable to Y,
            evidencing such payment to such authorities; and

            (4)
            if such Tax is an Indemnifiable Tax, pay to Y, in addition to
            the payment to which Y is otherwise entitled under this
            Agreement, such additional amount as is necessary to ensure
            that
            the net amount actually received by Y (free and clear of
            Indemnifiable Taxes, whether assessed against X or Y) will
            equal the full amount Y would have received had no such
            deduction or withholding been required.  However, X will not be
            required to pay any additional amount to Y
            to the extent that it would not be required to be paid but
            for:

               (A)
               the failure by Y to comply with or perform any agreement
               contained in
               Section 4(a)(i), 4(a)(iii) or 4(d); or

               (B)
               the failure of a representation made by Y pursuant to
               Section 3(f) to be accurate and true unless such failure
               would not have occurred but for (I) any action taken by a
               taxing authority, or brought in a court of competent
               jurisdiction, on or after the date on which a Transaction is
               entered into (regardless of whether such action is taken or
               brought with respect to a party to this Agreement) or (II) a
               Change in Tax Law.

      (ii)
      Liability.  If:

            (1)
            X is required by any applicable law, as modified by the
            practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, to
            make any deduction or withholding in respect of which X would
            not be required to pay an additional amount to Y under Section
            2(d)(i)(4);

            (2)
            X does not so deduct or withhold; and

            (3)
            a liability resulting from such Tax is assessed directly
            against X,

      then, except to the extent Y has satisfied or then satisfies the
      liability resulting from such Tax, Y will promptly pay to X the
      amount of such liability (including any related liability for
      interest, but including any related liability for penalties only if Y
      has failed to comply with or perform any agreement contained in
      Section 4(a)(i), 4(a)(iii) or 4(d)).

(e)
Default Interest; Other Amounts.  Prior to the occurrence or effective 
designation of an Early Termination Date in respect of the relevant 
Transaction, a party that defaults in the performance of any payment 
obligation will, to the extent permitted by law and subject to Section 
6(c), be required to pay interest (before as well as after judgment) on the 
overdue amount to the other party on demand in the same currency as such 
overdue amount, for the period from (and including) the original due date 
for payment to (but excluding) the date of actual payment, at the Default 
Rate.  Such interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding 
and the actual number of days elapsed.  If, prior to the occurrence or 
effective designation of an Early Termination Date in respect of the 
relevant Transaction, a party defaults in the performance of any obligation 
required to be settled by delivery, it will compensate the other party on 
demand if and to the extent provided for in the relevant Confirmation or 
elsewhere in this Agreement.

3.
Representations

Each party represents to the other party (which representations will be 
deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a Transaction is 
entered into and, in the case of the representations in Section 3(f), at 
all times until the termination of this Agreement) that:

(a)
Basic Representations.

      (i)
      Status.  It is duly organised and validly existing under the laws of
      the jurisdiction of its organisation or incorporation and, if
      relevant under such laws, in good standing;

      (ii)
      Powers.  It has the power to execute this Agreement and any other
      documentation relating to this Agreement to which it is a party, to
      deliver this Agreement and any other documentation relating to this
      Agreement that it is required by this Agreement to deliver and to
      perform its obligations under this Agreement and any obligations it
      has under any Credit Support Document to which it is a party and has
      taken all necessary action to authorise such execution, delivery and
      performance;

      (iii)
      No Violation or Conflict.  Such execution, delivery and performance
      do not violate or conflict with any law applicable to it, any
      provision of its constitutional documents, any order or judgment of
      any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of
      its assets or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting it
      or any of its assets;

      (iv)
      Consents.  All governmental and other consents that are required to
      have been obtained by it with respect to this Agreement or any Credit
      Support Document to which it is a party have been obtained and are in
      full force and effect and all conditions of any such consents have
      been complied with; and

      (v)
      Obligations Binding.  Its obligations under this Agreement and any
      Credit Support Document to which it is a party constitute its legal,
      valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their
      respective terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganisation,
      insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights
      generally and subject, as to enforceability, to equitable principles
      of general application (regardless of whether enforcement is sought
      in a proceeding in equity or at law)).

(b)
Absence of Certain Events.  No Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default or, to its knowledge, Termination Event with respect to it has 
occurred and is continuing and no such event or circumstance would occur as 
a result of its entering into or performing its obligations under this 
Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party.

(c)
Absence of Litigation.  There is not pending or, to its knowledge, 
threatened against it or any of its Affiliates any action, suit or 
proceeding at law or in equity or before any court, tribunal, governmental 
body, agency or official or any arbitrator that is likely to affect the 
legality, validity or enforceability against it of this Agreement or any 
Credit Support Document to which it is a party or its ability to perform 
its obligations under this Agreement or such Credit Support Document.

(d)
Accuracy of Specified Information.  All applicable information that is 
furnished in writing by or on behalf of it to the other party and is 
identified for the purpose of this Section 3(d) in the Schedule is, as of 
the date of the information, true, accurate and complete in every material 
respect.

(e)
Payer Tax Representation.  Each representation specified in the Schedule as 
being made by it for the purpose of this Section 3(e) is accurate and true.

(f)
Payee Tax Representations.  Each representation specified in the Schedule 
as being made by it for the purpose of this Section 3(f) is accurate and 
true.

4.
Agreements

Each party agrees with the other that, so long as either party has or may 
have any obligation under this Agreement or under any Credit Support 
Document to which it is a party:

(a)
Furnish Specified Information.  It will deliver to the other party or, in 
certain cases under subparagraph (iii) below, to such government or taxing 
authority as the other party reasonably directs:

      (i)
      any forms, documents or certificates relating to taxation specified
      in the Schedule or any Confirmation;

      (ii)
      any other documents specified in the Schedule or any Confirmation;
      and

      (iii)
      upon reasonable demand by such other party, any form or document that
      may be required or reasonably requested in writing in order to allow
      such other party or its Credit Support Provider to make a payment
      under this Agreement or any applicable Credit Support Document
      without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax or
      with such deduction or withholding at a reduced rate (so long as the
      completion, execution or submission of such form or document would
      not materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of the
      party in receipt of such demand), with any such form or document to
      be accurate and completed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to such
      other party and to be executed and to be delivered with any
      reasonably required certification,

in each case by the date specified in the Schedule or such Confirmation or, 
if none is specified, as soon as reasonably practicable.

(b)
Maintain Authorisations.  It will use all reasonable efforts to maintain in 
full force and effect all consents of any governmental or other authority 
that are required to be obtained by it with respect to this Agreement or 
any Credit Support Document to which it is a party and will use all 
reasonable efforts to obtain any that may become necessary in the future.

(c)
Comply with Laws.  It will comply in all material respects with all 
applicable laws and orders to which it may be subject if failure so to 
comply would materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under 
this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party.

(d)
Tax Agreement.  It will give notice of any failure of a representation made 
by it under Section 3(f) to be accurate and true promptly upon learning of 
such failure.

(e)
Payment of Stamp Tax.  Subject to Section 11, it will pay any Stamp Tax 
levied or imposed upon it or in respect of its execution or performance of 
this Agreement by a jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, organised, 
managed and controlled, or considered to have its seat, or in which a 
branch or office through which it is acting for the purpose of this 
Agreement is located (Stamp Tax Jurisdiction) and will indemnify the 
other party against any Stamp Tax levied or imposed upon the other party or 
in respect of the other partys execution or performance of this Agreement 
by any such Stamp Tax Jurisdiction which is not also a Stamp Tax 
Jurisdiction with respect to the other party.

5.
Events of Default and Termination Events

(a)
Events of Default.  The occurrence at any time with respect to a party or, 
if applicable, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any Specified 
Entity of such party of any of the following events constitutes an event of 
default (an Event of Default) with respect to such party:

      (i)
      Failure to Pay or Deliver.  Failure by the party to make, when due,
      any payment under this Agreement or delivery under Section 2(a)(i) or
      2(e) required to be made by it if such failure is not remedied on or
      before the third Local Business Day after notice of such failure is
      given to the party;

      (ii)
      Breach of Agreement.  Failure by the party to comply with or perform
      any agreement or obligation (other than an obligation to make any
      payment under this Agreement or delivery under Section 2(a)(i) or
      2(e) or to give notice of a Termination Event or any agreement or
      obligation under Section 4(a)(i), 4(a)(iii) or 4(d)) to be complied
      with or performed by the party in accordance with this Agreement if
      such failure is not remedied on or before the thirtieth day after
      notice of such failure is given to the party;

      (iii)
      Credit Support Default.

         (1)
         Failure by the party or any Credit Support Provider of such party
         to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation to be
         complied with or performed by it in accordance with any Credit
         Support Document if such failure is continuing after any
         applicable grace period has elapsed;

         (2)
         the expiration or termination of such Credit Support Document or
         the failing or ceasing of such Credit Support Document to be in
         full force and effect for the purpose of this Agreement (in either
         case other than in accordance with its terms) prior to the
         satisfaction of all obligations of such party under each
         Transaction to which such Credit Support Document relates without
         the written consent of the other party; or

            (3)
            the party or such Credit Support Provider disaffirms,
            disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or
            challenges the validity of, such Credit Support Document;

      (iv)
      Misrepresentation.  A representation (other than a representation
      under Section 3(e) or (f)) made or repeated or deemed to have been
      made or repeated by the party or any Credit Support Provider of such
      party in this Agreement or any Credit Support Document proves to have
      been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or
      repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated;

      (v)
      Default under Specified Transaction.  The party, any Credit Support
      Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such
      party (1) defaults under a Specified Transaction and, after giving
      effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period, there
      occurs a liquidation of, an acceleration of obligations under, or an
      early termination of, that Specified Transaction, (2) defaults, after
      giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period,
      in making any payment or delivery due on the last payment, delivery
      or exchange date of, or any payment on early termination of, a
      Specified Transaction (or such default continues for at least three
      Local Business Days if there is no applicable notice requirement or
      grace period) or (3) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in
      whole or in part, a Specified Transaction (or such action is taken by
      any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on
      its behalf);

      (vi)
      Cross Default.  If Cross Default is specified in the Schedule as
      applying to the party, the occurrence or existence of (1) a default,
      event of default or other similar condition or event (however
      described) in respect of such party, any Credit Support Provider of
      such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party under one
      or more agreements or instruments relating to Specified Indebtedness
      of any of them (individually or collectively) in an aggregate amount
      of not less than the applicable Threshold Amount (as specified in the
      Schedule) which has resulted in such Specified Indebtedness becoming,
      or becoming capable at such time of being declared, due and payable
      under such agreements or instruments, before it would otherwise have
      been due and payable or (2) a default by such party, such Credit
      Support Provider or such Specified Entity (individually or
      collectively) in making one or more payments on the due date thereof
      in an aggregate amount of not less than the applicable Threshold
      Amount under such agreements or instruments (after giving effect to
      any applicable notice requirement or grace period);

      (vii)
      Bankruptcy.  The party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or
      any applicable Specified Entity of such party:

          (1)
          is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation,
          amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to
          pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability
          generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a
          general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the
          benefit of its creditors; (4) institutes or has instituted
          against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or
          bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency
          law or other similar law affecting creditors rights, or a
          petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in
          the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or
          presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in
          a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order
          for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or
          liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or
          restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or
          presentation thereof; (5) has a resolution passed for its
          winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than
          pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks
          or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator,
          provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian
          or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all
          its assets; (7) has a secured party take possession of all or
          substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution,
          attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced
          or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and
          such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is
          not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case
          within 30 days thereafter; (8) causes or is subject to any event
          with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any
          jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events
          specified in clauses (1) to (7) (inclusive); or (9) takes any
          action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval
          of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; or

      (viii)
      Merger Without Assumption.  The party or any Credit Support Provider
      of such party consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges with or
      into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, another
      entity and, at the time of such consolidation, amalgamation, merger
      or transfer:

          (1)
          the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all
          the obligations of such party or such Credit Support Provider
          under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it
          or its predecessor was a party by operation of law or pursuant to
          an agreement reasonably satisfactory to the other party to this
          Agreement; or

          (2)
          the benefits of any Credit Support Document fail to extend
          (without the consent of the other party) to the performance by
          such resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its obligations
          under this Agreement.

(b)
Termination Events.  The occurrence at any time with respect to a party or, 
if applicable, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any Specified 
Entity of such party of any event specified below constitutes an Illegality 
if the event is specified in (i) below, a Tax Event if the event is 
specified in (ii) below or a Tax Event Upon Merger if the event is 
specified in (iii) below, and, if specified to be applicable, a Credit 
Event Upon Merger if the event is specified pursuant to (iv) below or an 
Additional Termination Event if the event is specified pursuant to (v) 
below:

      (i)
      Illegality.  Due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable
      law after the date on which a Transaction is entered into, or due to
      the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any
      court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction
      of any applicable law after such date, it becomes unlawful (other
      than as a result of a breach by the party of Section 4(b)) for such
      party (which will be the Affected Party):

            (1)
            to perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a
            payment or delivery or to receive a payment or delivery in
            respect of such Transaction or to comply with any other
            material provision of this Agreement relating to such
            Transaction; or

            (2)
            to perform, or for any Credit Support Provider of such party to
            perform, any contingent or other obligation which the party (or
            such Credit Support Provider) has under any Credit Support
            Document relating to such Transaction;

      (ii)
      Tax Event.  Due to (x) any action taken by a taxing authority, or
      brought in a court of competent jurisdiction, on or after the date on
      which a Transaction is entered into (regardless of whether such
      action is taken or brought with respect to a party to this Agreement)
      or (y) a Change in Tax Law, the party (which will be the Affected
      Party) will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on
      the next succeeding Scheduled Payment Date (1) be required to pay to
      the other party an additional amount in respect of an Indemnifiable
      Tax under Section 2(d)(i)(4) (except in respect of interest under
      Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e)) or (2) receive a payment from which
      an amount is required to be deducted or withheld for or on account of
      a Tax (except in respect of interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or
      6(e)) and no additional amount is required to be paid in respect of
      such Tax under Section 2(d)(i)(4) (other than by reason of Section
      2(d)(i)(4)(A) or (B));

      (iii)
      Tax Event Upon Merger.  The party (the Burdened Party) on the next
      succeeding Scheduled Payment Date will either (1) be required to pay
      an additional amount in respect of an Indemnifiable Tax under Section
      2(d)(i)(4) (except in respect of interest under Section 2(e),
      6(d)(ii) or 6(e)) or (2) receive a payment from which an amount has
      been deducted or withheld for or on account of any Indemnifiable Tax
      in respect of which the other party is not required to pay an
      additional amount (other than by reason of Section 2(d)(i)(4)(A) or
      (B)), in either case as a result of a party consolidating or
      amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or
      substantially all its assets to, another entity (which will be the
      Affected Party) where such action does not constitute an event
      described in Section 5(a)(viii);

      (iv)
      Credit Event Upon Merger.  If Credit Event Upon Merger is specified
      in the Schedule as applying to the party, such party (X), any
      Credit Support Provider of X or any applicable Specified Entity of X
      consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or
      transfers all or substantially all its assets to, another entity and
      such action does not constitute an event described in Section
      5(a)(viii) but the creditworthiness of the resulting, surviving or
      transferee entity is materially weaker than that of X, such Credit
      Support Provider or such Specified Entity, as the case may be,
      immediately prior to such action (and, in such event, X or its
      successor or transferee, as appropriate, will be the Affected Party);
      or

      (v)
      Additional Termination Event.  If any Additional Termination Event
      is specified in the Schedule or any Confirmation as applying, the
      occurrence of such event (and, in such event, the Affected Party or
      Affected Parties shall be as specified for such Additional
      Termination Event in the Schedule or such Confirmation).

(c)
Event of Default and Illegality.  If an event or circumstance which would 
otherwise constitute or give rise to an Event of Default also constitutes 
an Illegality, it will be treated as an Illegality and will not constitute 
an Event of Default.



------------------------------------------------------------------------

6.
Early Termination

(a)
Right to Terminate Following Event of Default.  If at any time an Event of 
Default with respect to a party (the Defaulting Party) has occurred and 
is then continuing, the other party (the Non-defaulting Party) may, by 
not more than 20 days notice to the Defaulting Party specifying the 
relevant Event of Default, designate a day not earlier than the day such 
notice is effective as an Early Termination Date in respect of all 
outstanding Transactions.  If, however, Automatic Early Termination is 
specified in the Schedule as applying to a party, then an Early Termination 
Date in respect of all outstanding Transactions will occur immediately upon 
the occurrence with respect to such party of an Event of Default specified 
in Section 5(a)(vii)(1), (3), (5), (6) or, to the extent analogous thereto, 
(8), and as of the time immediately preceding the institution of the 
relevant proceeding or the presentation of the relevant petition upon the 
occurrence with respect to such party of an Event of Default specified in 
Section 5(a)(vii)(4) or, to the extent analogous thereto, (8).

(b)
Right to Terminate Following Termination Event.

      (i)
      Notice.  If a Termination Event occurs, an Affected Party will,
      promptly upon becoming aware of it, notify the other party,
      specifying the nature of that Termination Event and each Affected
      Transaction and will also give such other information about that
      Termination Event as the other party may reasonably require.

      (ii)
      Transfer to Avoid Termination Event.  If either an Illegality under
      Section 5(b)(i)(1) or a Tax Event occurs and there is only one
      Affected Party, or if a Tax Event Upon Merger occurs and the Burdened
      Party is the Affected Party, the Affected Party will, as a condition
      to its right to designate an Early Termination Date under Section
      6(b)(iv), use all reasonable efforts (which will not require such
      party to incur a loss, excluding immaterial, incidental expenses) to
      transfer within 20 days after it gives notice under Section 6(b)(i)
      all its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of the
      Affected Transactions to another of its Offices or Affiliates so that
      such Termination Event ceases to exist.

      If the Affected Party is not able to make such a transfer it will
      give notice to the other party to that effect within such 20 day
      period, whereupon the other party may effect such a transfer within
      30 days after the notice is given under Section 6(b)(i).

      Any such transfer by a party under this Section 6(b)(ii) will be
      subject to and conditional upon the prior written consent of the
      other party, which consent will not be withheld if such other partys
      policies in effect at such time would permit it to enter into
      transactions with the transferee on the terms proposed.

      (iii)
      Two Affected Parties.  If an Illegality under Section 5(b)(i)(1) or a
      Tax Event occurs and there are two Affected Parties, each party will
      use all reasonable efforts to reach agreement within 30 days after
      notice thereof is given under Section 6(b)(i) on action to avoid that
      Termination Event.

      (iv)
      Right to Terminate.  If:

            (1)
            a transfer under Section 6(b)(ii) or an agreement under Section
            6(b)(iii), as the case may be, has not been effected with
            respect to all Affected Transactions within 30 days after an
            Affected Party gives notice under Section 6(b)(i); or

            (2)
            an Illegality under Section 5(b)(i)(2), a Credit Event Upon
            Merger or an Additional Termination Event occurs, or a Tax
            Event Upon Merger occurs and the Burdened Party is not the
            Affected Party,

      either party in the case of an Illegality, the Burdened Party in the
      case of a Tax Event Upon Merger, any Affected Party in the case of a
      Tax Event or an Additional Termination Event if there is more than
      one Affected Party, or the party which is not the Affected Party in
      the case of a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination
      Event if there is only one Affected Party may, by not
      more than 20 days notice to the other party and provided that the
      relevant Termination Event is then

      continuing, designate a day not earlier than the day such notice is
      effective as an Early Termination Date in respect of all Affected
      Transactions.

(c)
Effect of Designation.

      (i)
      If notice designating an Early Termination Date is given under
      Section 6(a) or (b), the Early Termination Date will occur on the
      date so designated, whether or not the relevant Event of Default or
      Termination Event is then continuing.

      (ii)
      Upon the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination
      Date, no further payments or deliveries under Section 2(a)(i) or 2(e)
      in respect of the Terminated Transactions will be required to be
      made, but without prejudice to the other provisions of this
      Agreement.  The amount, if any, payable in respect of an Early
      Termination Date shall be determined pursuant to Section 6(e).

(d)
Calculations.

      (i)
      Statement.  On or as soon as reasonably practicable following the
      occurrence of an Early Termination Date, each party will make the
      calculations on its part, if any, contemplated by Section 6(e) and
      will provide to the other party a statement (1) showing, in
      reasonable detail, such calculations (including all relevant
      quotations and specifying any amount payable under Section 6(e)) and
      (2) giving details of the relevant account to which any amount
      payable to it is to be paid.  In the absence of written confirmation
      from the source of a quotation obtained in determining a Market
      Quotation, the records of the party obtaining such quotation will be
      conclusive evidence of the existence and accuracy of such quotation.

      (ii)
      Payment Date.  An amount calculated as being due in respect of any
      Early Termination Date under Section 6(e) will be payable on the day
      that notice of the amount payable is effective (in the case of an
      Early Termination Date which is designated or occurs as a result of
      an Event of Default) and on the day which is two Local Business Days
      after the day on which notice of the amount payable is effective (in
      the case of an Early Termination Date which is designated as a result
      of a Termination Event).  Such amount will be paid together with (to
      the extent permitted under applicable law) interest thereon (before
      as well as after judgment) in the Termination Currency, from (and
      including) the relevant Early Termination Date to (but excluding) the
      date such amount is paid, at the Applicable Rate.  Such interest will
      be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number
      of days elapsed.

(e)
Payments on Early Termination.  If an Early Termination Date occurs, the 
following provisions shall apply based on the parties election in the 
Schedule of a payment measure, either Market Quotation or Loss, and a 
payment method, either the First Method or the Second Method.  If the 
parties fail to designate a payment measure or payment method in the 
Schedule, it will be deemed that Market Quotation or the Second Method, 
as the case may be, shall apply.  The amount, if any, payable in respect of 
an Early Termination Date and determined pursuant to this Section will be 
subject to any Set-off.

      (i)
      Events of Default.  If the Early Termination Date results from an
      Event of Default:

            (1)
            First Method and Market Quotation.  If the First Method and
            Market Quotation apply, the Defaulting Party will pay to the
            Non-defaulting Party the excess, if a positive number, of (A)
            the sum of the Settlement Amount (determined by the
            Non-defaulting Party) in respect of the Terminated Transactions
            and the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts
            owing to the Non-defaulting Party over (B) the Termination
            Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the
            Defaulting Party.

            (2)
            First Method and Loss.  If the First Method and Loss apply, the
            Defaulting Party will pay to the Non-defaulting Party, if a
            positive number, the Non-defaulting Partys Loss in respect of
            this Agreement.

            (3)
            Second Method and Market Quotation.  If the Second Method and
            Market Quotation apply, an amount will be payable equal to (A)
            the sum of the Settlement Amount (determined by the
            Non-defaulting Party) in respect of the Terminated Transactions
            and the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts
            owing to the Non-defaulting Party less (B) the Termination
            Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the
            Defaulting Party.  If that amount is a positive number, the
            Defaulting Party will pay it to the Non-defaulting Party; if it
            is a negative number, the Non-defaulting Party will pay the
            absolute value of that amount to the Defaulting Party.

            (4)
            Second Method and Loss.  If the Second Method and Loss apply,
            an amount will be payable equal to the Non-defaulting Partys
            Loss in respect of this Agreement.  If that amount is a
            positive number, the Defaulting Party will pay it to the
            Non-defaulting Party; if it is a negative number, the
            Non-defaulting Party will pay the absolute value of that amount
            to the Defaulting Party.

      (ii)
      Termination Events.  If the Early Termination Date results from a
      Termination Event:

            (1)
            One Affected Party.  If there is one Affected Party, the amount
            payable will be determined in accordance with Section
            6(e)(i)(3), if Market Quotation applies, or Section 6(e)(i)(4),
            if Loss applies, except that, in either case, references to the
            Defaulting Party and to the Non-defaulting Party will be deemed
            to be references to the Affected Party and the party which is
            not the Affected Party, respectively, and, if Loss applies and
            fewer than all the Transactions are being terminated, Loss
            shall be calculated in respect of all Terminated Transactions.

            (2)
            Two Affected Parties.  If there are two Affected Parties:

               (A)
               if Market Quotation applies, each party will determine a
               Settlement Amount in respect of the Terminated Transactions,
               and an amount will be payable equal to (I) the sum of (a)
               one-half of the difference between the Settlement Amount of
               the party with the higher Settlement Amount (X) and the
               Settlement Amount of the party with the lower Settlement
               Amount (Y) and (b) the Termination Currency Equivalent of
               the Unpaid Amounts owing to X less (II) the Termination
               Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to Y; and

               (B)
               if Loss applies, each party will determine its Loss in
               respect of this Agreement (or, if fewer than all the
               Transactions are being terminated, in respect of all
               Terminated Transactions) and an amount will be payable equal
               to one-half of the difference between the Loss of the party
               with the higher Loss (X) and the Loss of the party with
               the lower Loss (Y).

            If the amount payable is a positive number, Y will pay it to X;
            if it is a negative number, X will pay the absolute value of
            that amount to Y.

      (iii)
      Adjustment for Bankruptcy.  In circumstances where an Early
      Termination Date occurs because Automatic Early Termination applies
      in respect of a party, the amount determined under this Section 6(e)
      will be subject to such adjustments as are appropriate and permitted
      by law to reflect any payments or deliveries made by one party to the
      other under this Agreement (and retained by such other party) during
      the period from the relevant Early Termination Date to the date for
      payment determined under Section 6(d)(ii).

      (iv)
      Pre-Estimate.  The parties agree that if Market Quotation applies an
      amount recoverable under this Section 6(e) is a reasonable
      pre-estimate of loss and not a penalty.  Such amount is payable for
      the loss of bargain and the loss of protection against future risks
      and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement neither party will
      be entitled to recover any additional damages as a consequence of
      such losses.

7.
Transfer

Subject to Section 6(b)(ii), neither this Agreement nor any interest or 
obligation in or under this Agreement may be transferred (whether by way of 
security or otherwise) by either party without the prior written consent of 
the other party, except that:

(a)
a party may make such a transfer of this Agreement pursuant to a 
consolidation or amalgamation with, or merger with or into, or transfer of 
all or substantially all its assets to, another entity (but without 
prejudice to any other right or remedy under this Agreement); and

(b)
a party may make such a transfer of all or any part of its interest in any 
amount payable to it from a Defaulting Party under Section 6(e).

Any purported transfer that is not in compliance with this Section will be 
void.

8.
Contractual Currency

(a)
Payment in the Contractual Currency.  Each payment under this Agreement 
will be made in the relevant currency specified in this Agreement for that 
payment (the Contractual Currency).  To the extent permitted by 
applicable law, any obligation to make payments under this Agreement in the 
Contractual Currency will not be discharged or satisfied by any tender in 
any currency other than the Contractual Currency, except to the extent such 
tender results in the actual receipt by the party to which payment is owed, 
acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith in converting the currency 
so tendered into the Contractual Currency, of the full amount in the 
Contractual Currency of all amounts payable in respect of this Agreement.  
If for any reason the amount in the Contractual Currency so received falls 
short of the amount in the Contractual Currency payable in respect of this 
Agreement, the party required to make the payment will, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, immediately pay such additional amount in the 
Contractual Currency as may be necessary to compensate for the shortfall.  
If for any reason the amount in the Contractual Currency so received 
exceeds the amount in the Contractual Currency payable in respect of this 
Agreement, the party receiving the payment will refund promptly the amount 
of such excess.

(b)
Judgments.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, if any judgment or 
order expressed in a currency other than the Contractual Currency is 
rendered (i) for the payment of any amount owing in respect of this 
Agreement, (ii) for the payment of any amount relating to any early 
termination in respect of this Agreement or (iii) in respect of a judgment 
or order of another court for the payment of any amount described in (i) or 
(ii) above, the party seeking recovery, after recovery in full of the 
aggregate amount to which such party is entitled pursuant to the judgment 
or order, will be entitled to receive immediately from the other party the 
amount of any shortfall of the Contractual Currency received by such party 
as a consequence of sums paid in such other currency and will refund 
promptly to the other party any excess of the Contractual Currency received 
by such party as a consequence of sums paid in such other currency if such 
shortfall or such excess arises or results from any variation between the 
rate of exchange at which the Contractual Currency is converted into the 
currency of the judgment or order for the purposes of such judgment or 
order and the rate of exchange at which such party is able, acting in a 
reasonable manner and in good faith in converting the currency received 
into the Contractual Currency, to purchase the Contractual Currency with 
the amount of the currency of the judgment or order actually received by 
such party.  The term rate of exchange includes, without limitation, any 
premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of 
or conversion into the Contractual Currency.

(c)
Separate Indemnities.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, these 
indemnities constitute separate and independent obligations from the other 
obligations in this Agreement, will be enforceable as separate and 
independent causes of action, will apply notwithstanding any indulgence 
granted by the party to which any payment is owed and will not be affected 
by judgment being obtained or claim or proof being made for any other sums 
payable in respect of this Agreement.

(d)
Evidence of Loss.  For the purpose of this Section 8, it will be sufficient 
for a party to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual 
exchange or purchase been made.

9.
Miscellaneous

(a)
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter and 
supersedes all oral communication and prior writings with respect thereto.

(b)
Amendments.  No amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this 
Agreement will be effective unless in writing (including a writing 
evidenced by a facsimile transmission) and executed by each of the parties 
or confirmed by an exchange of telexes or electronic messages on an 
electronic messaging system.

(c)
Survival of Obligations.  Without prejudice to Sections 2(a)(iii) and 
6(c)(ii), the obligations of the parties under this Agreement will survive 
the termination of any Transaction.

(d)
Remedies Cumulative.  Except as provided in this Agreement, the rights, 
powers, remedies and privileges provided in this Agreement are cumulative 
and not exclusive of any rights, powers, remedies and privileges provided 
by law.

(e)
Counterparts and Confirmations.

      (i)
      This Agreement (and each amendment, modification and waiver in
      respect of it) may be executed and delivered in counterparts
      (including by facsimile transmission), each of which will be deemed
      an original.

      (ii)
      The parties intend that they are legally bound by the terms of each
      Transaction from the moment they agree to those terms (whether orally
      or otherwise).  A Confirmation shall he entered into as soon as
      practicable and may he executed and delivered in counterparts
      (including by facsimile transmission) or be created by an exchange of
      telexes or by an exchange of electronic messages on an electronic
      messaging system, which in each case will be sufficient for all
      purposes to evidence a binding supplement to this Agreement.  The
      parties will specify therein or through another effective means that
      any such counterpart, telex or electronic message constitutes a
      Confirmation.

(f)
No Waiver of Rights.  A failure or delay in exercising any right, power or 
privilege in respect of this Agreement will not be presumed to operate as a 
waiver, and a single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege 
will not be presumed to preclude any subsequent or further exercise, of 
that right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power or 
privilege.

(g)
Headings.  The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of 
reference only and are not to affect the construction of or to be taken 
into consideration in interpreting this Agreement.

10.
Offices; Multibranch Parties

(a)
If Section 10(a) is specified in the Schedule as applying, each party that 
enters into a Transaction through an Office other than its head or home 
office represents to the other party that, notwithstanding the place of 
booking office or jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation of such 
party, the obligations of such party are the same as if it had entered into 
the Transaction through its head or home office. This representation will 
be deemed to be repeated by such party on each date on which a Transaction 
is entered into.

(b)
Neither party may change the Office through which it makes and receives 
payments or deliveries for the purpose of a Transaction without the prior 
written consent of the other party.

(c)
If a party is specified as a Multibranch Party in the Schedule, such 
Multibranch Party may make and receive payments or deliveries under any 
Transaction through any Office listed in the Schedule, and the Office 
through which it makes and receives payments or deliveries with respect to 
a Transaction will be specified in the relevant Confirmation.

11.
Expenses

A Defaulting Party will, on demand, indemnify and hold harmless the other 
party for and against all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including 
legal fees and Stamp Tax, incurred by such other party by reason of the 
enforcement and protection of its rights under this Agreement or any Credit 
Support Document to which the Defaulting Party is a party or by reason of 
the early termination of any Transaction, including, but not limited to, 
costs of collection.

12.
Notices

(a)
Effectiveness.  Any notice or other communication in respect of this 
Agreement may be given in any manner set forth below (except that a notice 
or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by facsimile 
transmission or electronic messaging system) to the address or number or in 
accordance with the electronic messaging system details provided (see the 
Schedule) and will be deemed effective as indicated:

      (i)
      if in writing and delivered in person or by courier, on the date it
      is delivered;

      (ii)
      if sent by telex, on the date the recipients answerback is received;

      (iii)
      if sent by facsimile transmission, on the date that transmission is
      received by a responsible employee of the recipient in legible form
      (it being agreed that the burden of proving receipt will be on the
      sender and will not be met by a transmission report generated by the
      senders facsimile machine);

      (iv)
      if sent by certified or registered mail (airmail, if overseas) or the
      equivalent (return receipt requested), on the date that mail is
      delivered or its delivery is attempted; or

      (v)
      if sent by electronic messaging system, on the date that electronic
      message is received,

unless the date of that delivery (or attempted delivery) or that receipt, 
as applicable, is not a Local Business Day or that communication is 
delivered (or attempted) or received, as applicable, after the close of 
business on a Local Business Day, in which case that communication shall be 
deemed given and effective on the first following day that is a Local 
Business Day.

(b)
Change of Addresses.  Either party may by notice to the other change the 
address, telex or facsimile number or electronic messaging system details 
at which notices or other communications are to be given to it.

13.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction

(a)
Governing Law.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the law specified in the Schedule.

(b)
Jurisdiction.  With respect to any suit, action or proceedings relating to 
this Agreement (Proceedings), each party irrevocably:

      (i)
      submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts, if this Agreement
      is expressed to be governed by English law, or to the non-exclusive
      jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the United
      States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York
      City, if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by the laws of
      the State of New York; and

      (ii)
      waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of
      venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim
      that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and
      further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings,
      that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party.

Nothing in this Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings 
in any other jurisdiction (outside, if this Agreement is expressed to be 
governed by English law, the Contracting States, as defined in Section 1(3) 
of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 or any modification, 
extension or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) nor will the 
bringing of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction.

(c)
Service of Process.  Each party irrevocably appoints the Process Agent (if 
any) specified opposite its name in the Schedule to receive, for it and on 
its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings.  If for any reason any 
partys Process Agent is unable to act as such, such party will promptly 
notify the other party and within 30 days appoint a substitute process 
agent acceptable to the other party.  The parties irrevocably consent to 
service of process given in the manner provided for notices in Section 12.  
Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of either party to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law.

(d)
Waiver of Immunities.  Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, with respect to itself and its revenues and 
assets (irrespective of their use or intended use), all immunity on the 
grounds of sovereignty or other similar grounds from (i) suit, (ii) 
jurisdiction of any court, (iii) relief by way of injunction, order for 
specific performance or for recovery of property, (iv) attachment of its 
assets (whether before or after judgment) and (v) execution or enforcement 
of any judgment to which it or its revenues or assets might otherwise be 
entitled in any Proceedings in the courts of any jurisdiction and 
irrevocably agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that it will 
not claim any such immunity in any Proceedings.

14.
Definitions

As used in this Agreement:

Additional Termination Event has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).

Affected Party has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).

Affected Transactions means (a) with respect to any Termination Event 
consisting of an Illegality, Tax Event or Tax Event Upon Merger, all 
Transactions affected by the occurrence of such Termination Event and (b) 
with respect to any other Termination Event, all Transactions.

Affiliate means, subject to the Schedule, in relation to any person, any 
entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that 
controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the person.  For this purpose, 
control of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of the entity or person.

Applicable Rate means:

(a)
in respect of obligations payable or deliverable (or which would have been 
but for Section 2(a)(iii)) by a Defaulting Party, the Default Rate;

(b)
in respect of an obligation to pay an amount under Section 6(e) of either 
party from and after the date (determined in accordance with Section 
6(d)(ii)) on which that amount is payable, the Default Rate;

(c)
in respect of all other obligations payable or deliverable (or which would 
have been but for
Section 2(a)(iii)) by a Non-defaulting Party, the Non-default Rate; and

(d)
in all other cases, the Termination Rate.

Burdened Party has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).

Change in Tax Law means the enactment, promulgation, execution or 
ratification of, or any change in or amendment to, any law (or in the 
application or official interpretation of any law) that occurs on or after 
the date on which the relevant Transaction is entered into.

consent includes a consent, approval, action, authorisation, exemption, 
notice, filing, registration or exchange control consent.

Credit Event Upon Merger has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).

Credit Support Document means any agreement or instrument that is 
specified as such in this Agreement.

Credit Support Provider has the meaning specified in the Schedule.

Default Rate means a rate per annum equal to the cost (without proof or 
evidence of any actual cost) to the relevant payee (as certified by it) if 
it were to fund or of funding the relevant amount plus 1% per annum.



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Defaulting Party has the meaning specified in Section 6(a).

Early Termination Date means the date determined in accordance with 
Section 6(a) or 6(b)(iv).

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 5(a) and, if 
applicable, in the Schedule.

Illegality has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).

Indemnifiable Tax means any Tax other than a Tax that would not be 
imposed in respect of a payment under this Agreement but for a present or 
former connection between the jurisdiction of the government or taxation 
authority imposing such Tax and the recipient of such payment or a person 
related to such recipient (including, without limitation, a connection 
arising from such recipient or related person being or having been a 
citizen or resident of such jurisdiction, or being or having been 
organised, present or engaged in a trade or business in such jurisdiction, 
or having or having had a permanent establishment or fixed place of 
business in such jurisdiction, but excluding a connection arising solely 
from such recipient or related person having executed, delivered, performed 
its obligations or received a payment under, or enforced, this Agreement or 
a Credit Support Document).

law includes any treaty, law, rule or regulation (as modified, in the 
case of tax matters, by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue 
authority) and lawful and unlawful will be construed accordingly.

Local Business Day means, subject to the Schedule, a day on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) (a) in relation to any obligation 
under Section 2(a)(i), in the place(s) specified in the relevant 
Confirmation or, if not so specified, as otherwise agreed by the parties in 
writing or determined pursuant to provisions contained, or incorporated by 
reference, in this Agreement, (b) in relation to any other payment, in the 
place where the relevant account is located and, if different, in the 
principal financial centre, if any, of the currency of such payment, (c) in 
relation to any notice or other communication, including notice 
contemplated under Section 5(a)(i), in the city specified in the address 
for notice provided by the recipient and, in the case of a notice 
contemplated by Section 2(b), in the place where the relevant new account 
is to be located and (d) in relation to Section 5(a)(v)(2), in the relevant 
locations for performance with respect to such Specified Transaction.

Loss means, with respect to this Agreement or one or more Terminated 
Transactions, as the case may be, and a party, the Termination Currency 
Equivalent of an amount that party reasonably determines in good faith to 
be its total losses and costs (or gain, in which case expressed as a 
negative number) in connection with this Agreement or that Terminated 
Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions, as the case may be, 
including any loss of bargain, cost of funding or, at the election of such 
party but without duplication, loss or cost incurred as a result of its 
terminating, liquidating, obtaining or reestablishing any hedge or related 
trading position (or any gain resulting from any of them).  Loss includes 
losses and costs (or gains) in respect of any payment or delivery required 
to have been made (assuming satisfaction of each applicable condition 
precedent) on or before the relevant Early Termination Date and not made, 
except, so as to avoid duplication, if Section 6(e)(i)(1) or (3) or 
6(e)(ii)(2)(A) applies.  Loss does not include a partys legal fees and 
out-of-pocket expenses referred to under Section 11.  A party will 
determine its Loss as of the relevant Early Termination Date, or, if that 
is not reasonably practicable, as of the earliest date thereafter as is 
reasonably practicable.  A party may (but need not) determine its Loss by 
reference to quotations of relevant rates or prices from one or more 
leading dealers in the relevant markets.

Market Quotation means, with respect to one or more Terminated 
Transactions and a party making the determination, an amount determined on 
the basis of quotations from Reference Market-makers.  Each quotation will 
be for an amount, if any, that would be paid to such party (expressed as a 
negative number) or by such party (expressed as a positive number) in 
consideration of an agreement between such party (taking into account any 
existing Credit Support Document with respect to the obligations of such 
party) and the quoting Reference Market-maker to enter into a transaction 
(the Replacement Transaction) that would have the effect of preserving 
for such party the economic equivalent of any payment or delivery (whether 
the underlying obligation was absolute or contingent and assuming the 
satisfaction of each applicable condition precedent) by the parties under 
Section 2(a)(i) in respect of such Terminated Transaction or group of 
Terminated Transactions that would, but for the occurrence of the relevant 
Early Termination Date, have

been required after that date.  For this purpose, Unpaid Amounts in respect 
of the Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions are to be 
excluded but, without limitation, any payment or delivery that would, but 
for the relevant Early Termination Date, have been required (assuming 
satisfaction of each applicable condition precedent) after that Early 
Termination Date is to be included.  The Replacement Transaction would be 
subject to such documentation as such party and the Reference Market-maker 
may, in good faith, agree.  The party making the determination (or its 
agent) will request each Reference Market-maker to provide its quotation to 
the extent reasonably practicable as of the same day and time (without 
regard to different time zones) on or as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the relevant Early Termination Date.  The day and time as of which 
those quotations are to be obtained will be selected in good faith by the 
party obliged to make a determination under Section 6(e), and, if each 
party is so obliged, after consultation with the other.  If more than three 
quotations are provided, the Market Quotation will be the arithmetic mean 
of the quotations, without regard to the quotations having the highest and 
lowest values.  If exactly three such quotations are provided, the Market 
Quotation will be the quotation remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest quotations.  For this purpose, if more than one quotation has 
the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such quotations shall 
be disregarded.  If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be 
deemed that the Market Quotation in respect of such Terminated Transaction 
or group of Terminated Transactions cannot be determined.

Non-default Rate means a rate per annum equal to the cost (without proof 
or evidence of any actual cost) to the Non-defaulting Party (as certified 
by it) if it were to fund the relevant amount.

Non-defaulting Party has the meaning specified in Section 6(a).

Office means a branch or office of a party, which may be such partys 
head or home office.

Potential Event of Default means any event which, with the giving of 
notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default.

Reference Market-makers means four leading dealers in the relevant market 
selected by the party determining a Market Quotation in good faith (a) from 
among dealers of the highest credit standing which satisfy all the criteria 
that such party applies generally at the time in deciding whether to offer 
or to make an extension of credit and (b) to the extent practicable, from 
among such dealers having an office in the same city.

Relevant Jurisdiction means, with respect to a party, the jurisdictions 
(a) in which the party is incorporated, organised, managed and controlled 
or considered to have its seat, (b) where an Office through which the party 
is acting for purposes of this Agreement is located, (c) in which the party 
executes this Agreement and (d) in relation to any payment, from or through 
which such payment is made.

Scheduled Payment Date means a date on which a payment or delivery is to 
be made under Section 2(a)(i) with respect to a Transaction.

Set-off means set-off, offset, combination of accounts, right of 
retention or withholding or similar right or requirement to which the payer 
of an amount under Section 6 is entitled or subject (whether arising under 
this Agreement, another contract, applicable law or otherwise) that is 
exercised by, or imposed on, such payer.

Settlement Amount means, with respect to a party and any Early 
Termination Date, the sum of:

(a)
the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Market Quotations (whether 
positive or negative) for each Terminated Transaction or group of 
Terminated Transactions for which a Market Quotation is determined; and

(b)
such partys Loss (whether positive or negative and without reference to 
any Unpaid Amounts) for each Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated 
Transactions for which a Market Quotation cannot be determined or would not 
(in the reasonable belief of the party making the determination) produce a 
commercially reasonable result.

Specified Entity has the meanings specified in the Schedule.



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Specified Indebtedness means, subject to the Schedule, any obligation 
(whether present or future, contingent or otherwise, as principal or surety 
or otherwise) in respect of borrowed money.

Specified Transaction means, subject to the Schedule, (a) any transaction 
(including an agreement with respect thereto) now existing or hereafter 
entered into between one party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support 
Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) 
and the other party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of 
such other party or any applicable Specified Entity of such other party) 
which is a rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction, 
commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or 
equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange 
transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, 
currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency 
option or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect 
to any of these transactions), (b) any combination of these transactions 
and (c) any other transaction identified as a Specified Transaction in this 
Agreement or the relevant confirmation.

Stamp Tax means any stamp, registration, documentation or similar tax.

Tax means any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, 
assessment or fee of any nature (including interest, penalties and 
additions thereto) that is imposed by any government or other taxing 
authority in respect of any payment under this Agreement other than a 
stamp, registration, documentation or similar tax.

Tax Event has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).

Tax Event Upon Merger has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).

Terminated Transactions means with respect to any Early Termination Date 
(a) if resulting from a Termination Event, all Affected Transactions and 
(b) if resulting from an Event of Default, all Transactions (in either 
case) in effect immediately before the effectiveness of the notice 
designating that Early Termination Date (or, if Automatic Early 
Termination applies, immediately before that Early Termination Date).

Termination Currency has the meaning specified in the Schedule.

Termination Currency Equivalent means, in respect of any amount 
denominated in the Termination Currency, such Termination Currency amount 
and, in respect of any amount denominated in a currency other than the 
Termination Currency (the Other Currency), the amount in the Termination 
Currency determined by the party making the relevant determination as being 
required to purchase such amount of such Other Currency as at the relevant 
Early Termination Date, or, if the relevant Market Quotation or Loss (as 
the case may be), is determined as of a later date, that later date, with 
the Termination Currency at the rate equal to the spot exchange rate of the 
foreign exchange agent (selected as provided below) for the purchase of 
such Other Currency with the Termination Currency at or about 11:00 a.m. 
(in the city in which such foreign exchange agent is located) on such date 
as would be customary for the determination of such a rate for the purchase 
of such Other Currency for value on the relevant Early Termination Date or 
that later date.  The foreign exchange agent will, if only one party is 
obliged to make a determination under Section 6(e), be selected in good 
faith by that party and otherwise will be agreed by the parties.

Termination Event means an Illegality, a Tax Event or a Tax Event Upon 
Merger or, if specified to be applicable, a Credit Event Upon Merger or an 
Additional Termination Event.

Termination Rate means a rate per annum equal to the arithmetic mean of 
the cost (without proof or evidence of any actual cost) to each party (as 
certified by such party) if it were to fund or of funding such amounts.

Unpaid Amounts owing to any party means, with respect to an Early 
Termination Date, the aggregate of (a) in respect of all Terminated 
Transactions, the amounts that became payable (or that would have become 
payable but for Section 2(a)(iii)) to such party under Section 2(a)(i) on 
or prior to such Early Termination Date and which remain unpaid as at such 
Early Termination Date and (b) in respect of each Terminated Transaction, 
for each obligation under Section 2(a)(i) which was (or would have been but 
for Section 2(a)(iii)) required to be settled by delivery to such party on 
or prior to such Early Termination Date and which has not been so settled 
as at such Early Termination Date, an amount equal to the fair market value 
of that which was (or would have been) required to be delivered as of the 
originally scheduled date for delivery, in each case together with (to the 
extent permitted under applicable law) interest, in the currency, of such 
amounts, from (and including) the date such amounts or obligations were or 
would have been required to have been paid or performed to (but excluding) 
such Early Termination Date, at the Applicable Rate. Such amounts of 
interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the 
actual number of days elapsed. The fair market value of any obligation 
referred to in clause (b) above shall be reasonably determined by the party 
obliged to make the determination under Section 6(e) or, if each party is 
so obliged, it shall be the average of the Termination Currency Equivalents 
of the fair market values reasonably determined by both parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this document on the 
respective dates specified below



JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.



BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1 by: Wilmington Trust Company, not in its 
individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee
("Party A")


("Party B")



By:       /s/ Dmitry V. Yakimchuk
Name:  Dmitry V. Yakimchuk
Title:    Vice President

By:       /s/ Erik E. Overcash
Name: Erik E. Overcash
Title:    Financial Services Officer
 




 





