 EX-10.7 10 a2180614zex-10_7.htm EXHIBIT 10.7
Exhibit 10.7
 
LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
THIS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as of November 9, 
2007 (the Effective Date) between SILICON VALLEY BANK, a California 
corporation and with a loan production office located at One Newton 
Executive Park, Suite 200, 2221 Washington Street, Newton, Massachusetts 
02462  (Bank), and BG MEDICINE, INC., a Delaware corporation (Borrower
), provides the terms on which Bank shall lend to Borrower and Borrower 
shall repay Bank. The parties agree as follows:
 
1                                         ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS
 
Accounting terms not defined in this Agreement shall be construed following 
GAAP. Calculations and determinations must be made following GAAP. 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the 
meanings set forth in Section 13. All other terms contained in this 
Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning provided by 
the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein.
 
2                                         LOAN AND TERMS OF PAYMENT
 
2.1                               Promise to Pay. Borrower hereby 
unconditionally promises to pay Bank the outstanding principal amount of 
all Credit Extensions and accrued and unpaid interest thereon as and when 
due in accordance with this Agreement.
 
      2.1.1                                             Bridge Loan.
       
(a)                                  Availability. Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, during the First Draw Period, Bank shall make 
one (1) Bridge Loan (the First Bridge Loan Advance) available to Borrower 
in an amount up to Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00). During the Second 
Draw Period, Bank shall make one (1) Bridge Loan (the Second Bridge Loan 
Advance) available to Borrower in an amount up to One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000.00). The First Bridge Loan Advance and Second Bridge Loan 
Advance are hereinafter referred to, singly or collectively, as the Bridge 
Loan Advance. After repayment, no Bridge Loan Advance may be re-borrowed.
 
(b)                                 Termination; Repayment. The Bridge Loan 
terminates on the Bridge Loan Maturity Date, when the principal amount of 
all Bridge Loan Advances, the unpaid interest thereon, and all other 
Obligations relating to the Bridge Loan shall be immediately due and 
payable.
 
2.2                               Payment of Interest on the Credit 
Extensions.
 
(a)                                  Interest Rate. Subject to Section 
2.2(b), the principal amount outstanding under the Bridge Loan shall accrue 
interest at a fixed per annum rate equal to ten and one-quarter of one 
percent (10.25%), which interest shall be payable monthly.
 
(b)                                 Default Rate. Immediately upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Obligations 
shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is five percentage points 
above the rate effective immediately before the Event of Default (the 
Default Rate). Payment or acceptance of the increased interest rate 
provided in this Section 2.2(b) is not a permitted alternative to timely 
payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or 
otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of Bank.
 
(c)                                  360-Day Year. Interest shall be 
computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days 
elapsed.
 
(d)                                 Debit of Accounts. Bank may debit any 
of Borrowers deposit accounts excluding the HRP Account, including the 
Designated Deposit Account, for principal and interest payments or any 
other amounts Borrower owes Bank when due. These debits shall not 
constitute a set-off.
 
(e)                                  Payments. Unless otherwise provided, 
interest is payable monthly on the Payment Date of each month. Payments of 
principal and/or interest received after 2:00 P.M. Eastern time are 
considered received
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
at the opening of business on the next Business Day. When a payment is due 
on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment is due the next Business 
Day and additional fees or interest, as applicable, shall continue to 
accrue.
 
2.3                               Fees. Borrower shall pay to Bank:
 
(a)                                  Bridge Loan Commitment Fee. A fully 
earned, non-refundable commitment fee of Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000) 
is earned as of Effective Date and shall be payable as follows: (i) Ten 
Thousand Dollars ($10,000) has been previously delivered to Bank 
contemporaneously with the execution of the term sheet and (ii) Ten 
Thousand Dollars ($10,000) is payable on the Effective Date. In addition, a 
fully earned, non-refundable commitment fee of Ten Thousand Dollars 
($10,000) is payable on the Funding Date of the Second Bridge Loan Advance; 
and
 
(b)                                 Bank Expenses. All Bank Expenses 
(including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, plus expenses, for 
documentation and negotiation of this Agreement) incurred through and after 
the Effective Date, when due.
 
2.4                               Additional Costs. If any new law or 
regulation increases Banks costs or reduces its income for any loan, 
Borrower shall pay the increase in cost or reduction in income or 
additional expense, provided, however, that Borrower shall not be liable 
for any amount attributable to any period before 180 days prior to the date 
Bank notifies Borrower of such increased costs. Bank agrees that it shall 
allocate any increased costs among its customers similarly affected in good 
faith and in a manner consistent with Banks customary practice.
 
3                                         CONDITIONS OF LOANS
 
3.1                               Conditions Precedent to Initial Credit 
Extension. Banks obligation to make the initial Credit Extension is 
subject to the condition precedent that Bank shall have received, in form 
and substance satisfactory to Bank, such documents, and completion of such 
other matters, as Bank may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate, 
including, without limitation:
 
(a)                                  Duly executed original signatures to 
the Loan Documents to which it is a party;
 
(b)                                 Duly executed original signatures to 
the Warrant;
 
(c)                                  Duly executed original signatures to 
the Control Agreement[s];
 
(d)                                 Borrower shall have delivered its 
Operating Documents and a good standing certificate of Borrower certified 
by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as of a date no earlier 
than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date;
 
(e)                                  Duly executed original signatures to 
the completed Borrowing Resolutions for Borrower;
 
(f)                                    Bank shall have received certified 
copies, dated as of a recent date, of financing statement searches, as Bank 
shall request, accompanied by written evidence (including any Code 
termination statements) that the Liens indicated in any such financing 
statements either constitute Permitted Liens or have been or, in connection 
with the initial Credit Extension, will be terminated or released;
 
(g)                                 Borrower shall have delivered a legal 
opinion of Borrowers counsel dated as of the Effective Date together with 
the duly executed original signatures thereto;
 
(h)                                 Borrower shall have delivered a copy of 
its Registration Rights Agreement/Investors Rights Agreement/Antidilution 
Agreement and any amendments thereto;
 
(i)                                     Borrower shall have delivered 
evidence satisfactory to Bank that the insurance policies required by 
Section 6.5 hereof are in full force and effect, together with appropriate 
evidence showing loss payable and/or additional insured clauses or 
endorsements in favor of Bank; and
 
(j)                                     Borrower shall have paid the fees 
and Bank Expenses then due as specified in Section 2.3 hereof.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
3.2                               Conditions Precedent to all Credit 
Extensions. Banks obligations to make each Credit Extension, including the 
initial Credit Extension, is subject to the following:
 
(a)                                  except as otherwise provided in 
Section 3.4, timely receipt of an executed Payment/Advance Form;
 
(b)                                 the representations and warranties in 
Section 5 shall be true in all material respects on the date of the 
Payment/Advance Form and on the Funding Date of each Credit Extension; 
provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable 
to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or 
modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that 
those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date 
shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such 
date, and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing or result from the Credit Extension. Each Credit Extension is 
Borrowers representation and warranty on that date that the 
representations and warranties in Section 5 remain true in all material 
respects; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be 
applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified 
or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that 
those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date 
shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such 
date; and
 
(c)                                  in Banks sole discretion, there has 
not been a Material Adverse Change, nor has there been any material adverse 
deviation by Borrower from the most recent business plan of Borrower 
presented to and accepted by Bank.
 
3.3                               Covenant to Deliver. Borrower agrees to 
deliver to Bank each item required to be delivered to Bank under this 
Agreement as a condition to any Credit Extension. Borrower expressly agrees 
that the extension of a Credit Extension prior to the receipt by Bank of 
any such item shall not constitute a waiver by Bank of Borrowers 
obligation to deliver such item, and any such extension in the absence of a 
required item shall be in Banks sole discretion.
 
3.4                               Procedures for Borrowing. Subject to the 
prior satisfaction of all other applicable conditions to the making of a 
Bridge Loan Advance set forth in this Agreement, to obtain a Bridge Loan 
Advance, Borrower shall notify Bank (which notice shall be irrevocable) by 
electronic mail, facsimile, or telephone by 2:00 P.M. Eastern time on the 
Funding Date of the Bridge Loan Advance. Together with any such electronic 
or facsimile notification, Borrower shall deliver to Bank by electronic 
mail or facsimile a completed Payment/Advance Form executed by a 
Responsible Officer or his or her designee. Bank may rely on any telephone 
notice given by a person whom Bank believes is a Responsible Officer or 
designee. Bank shall credit Bridge Loan Advances to the Designated Deposit 
Account. Bank may make Bridge Loan Advances under this Agreement based on 
instructions from a Responsible Officer or his or her designee or without 
instructions if the Bridge Loan Advances are necessary to meet Obligations 
which have become due.
 
4                                         CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST
 
4.1                               Grant of Security Interest. Borrower 
hereby grants Bank, to secure the payment and performance in full of all of 
the Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and pledges to Bank, 
the Collateral, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired 
or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof. Borrower represents, 
warrants, and covenants that the security interest granted herein is and 
shall at all times continue to be a first priority perfected security 
interest in the Collateral (subject only to Permitted Liens that may have 
superior priority to Banks Lien under this Agreement). If Borrower shall 
acquire a commercial tort claim, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank in a 
writing signed by Borrower of the general details thereof and grant to Bank 
in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, 
all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank.
 
If this Agreement is terminated, Banks Lien in the Collateral shall 
continue until the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) 
are repaid in full in cash. Upon payment in full in cash of the Obligations 
and at such time as Banks obligation to make Credit Extensions has 
terminated, Bank shall, at Borrowers sole cost and expense, release its 
Liens in the Collateral and all rights therein shall revert to Borrower.
 
4.2                               Authorization to File Financing 
Statements. Borrower hereby authorizes Bank to file financing statements, 
without notice to Borrower, with all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect 
or protect Banks interest or
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
rights hereunder, including a notice that any disposition of the 
Collateral, by either Borrower or any other Person, shall be deemed to 
violate the rights of Bank under the Code.
 
5                                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
Borrower represents and warrants as follows:
 
5.1                               Due Organization and Authorization. 
Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, if any, are duly existing and in 
good standing, as Registered Organizations in their respective 
jurisdictions of formation and are qualified and licensed to do business 
and are in good standing in any jurisdiction in which the conduct of their 
business or their ownership of property requires that they be qualified 
except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have 
a material adverse effect on Borrowers business. In connection with this 
Agreement, Borrower has delivered to Bank a completed perfection 
certificate signed by Borrower (the Perfection Certificate). Borrower 
represents and warrants to Bank that (a) Borrowers exact legal name is 
that indicated on the Perfection Certificate and on the signature page 
hereof; (b) Borrower is an organization of the type and is organized in the 
jurisdiction set forth in the Perfection Certificate; (c) the Perfection 
Certificate accurately sets forth Borrowers organizational identification 
number or accurately states that Borrower has none; (d) the Perfection 
Certificate accurately sets forth Borrowers place of business, or, if more 
than one, its chief executive office as well as Borrowers mailing address 
(if different than its chief executive office); (e) Borrower (and each of 
its predecessors) has not, in the past five (5) years, changed its 
jurisdiction of formation, organizational structure or type, or any 
organizational number assigned by its jurisdiction; and (f) all other 
information set forth on the Perfection Certificate pertaining to Borrower 
and each of its Subsidiaries is accurate and complete. If Borrower is not 
now a Registered Organization but later becomes one, Borrower shall 
promptly notify Bank of such occurrence and provide Bank with Borrowers 
organizational identification number.
 
The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents have been 
duly authorized, and do not conflict with Borrowers organizational 
documents, nor constitute an event of default under any material agreement 
by which Borrower is bound. Borrower is not in default under any agreement 
to which it is a party or by which it is bound in which the default could 
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers 
business.
 
5.2                               Collateral. Borrower has good title to, 
has rights in, and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon 
which it purports to grant a Lien hereunder, free and clear of any and all 
Liens except Permitted Liens. Borrower has no deposit accounts other than 
the deposit accounts with Bank, the deposit accounts, if any, described in 
the Perfection Certificate delivered to Bank in connection herewith, or of 
which Borrower has given Bank notice and taken such actions as are 
necessary to give Bank a perfected security interest therein (with the 
exception of the HRP Account).
 
The Collateral is not in the possession of any third party bailee (such as 
a warehouse) except as otherwise provided in the Perfection Certificate. 
None of the components of the Collateral shall be maintained at locations 
other than as provided in the Perfection Certificate or as Borrower has 
given Bank notice pursuant to Section 7.2. In the event that Borrower, 
after the date hereof, intends to store or otherwise deliver any portion of 
the Collateral to a bailee, then Borrower will first receive the written 
consent of Bank and such bailee must execute and deliver a bailee agreement 
in form and substance satisfactory to Bank in its sole discretion.
 
All Inventory is in all material respects of good and marketable quality, 
free from material defects.
 
Borrower is the sole owner of its intellectual property, except for 
non-exclusive licenses granted to its customers in the ordinary course of 
business. Each patent is valid and enforceable, and no part of the 
intellectual property has been judged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or 
in part, and to the best of Borrowers knowledge, no claim has been made 
that any part of the intellectual property violates the rights of any third 
party except to the extent such claim could not reasonably be expected to 
have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business. Except as noted on 
the Perfection Certificate, Borrower is not a party to, nor is bound by, 
any material license or other agreement with respect to which Borrower is 
the licensee that prohibits or otherwise restricts Borrower from granting a 
security interest in Borrowers interest in such license or agreement or 
any other property. Borrower shall provide written notice to Bank within 
ten (10) days of entering or becoming bound by any such license or 
agreement which is reasonably likely to have a material impact on 
Borrowers business or financial condition (other than over-the-counter 
software that is commercially available to the public). Borrower shall take 
such steps as Bank requests to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any 
person whose consent or waiver is necessary for all such licenses or 
contract rights to be deemed Collateral and for Bank to have a security 
interest in it that might otherwise be
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
restricted or prohibited by law or by the terms of any such license or 
agreement (such consent or authorization may include a licensors agreement 
to a contingent assignment of the license to Bank if Bank determines that 
is necessary in its good faith judgment), whether now existing or entered 
into in the future.
 
5.3                               Litigation. Except as set forth in the 
Perfection Certificate, there are no actions or proceedings pending or, to 
the knowledge of the Responsible Officers, threatened in writing by or 
against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries involving more than One Hundred 
Thousand Dollars ($100,000).
 
5.4                               No Material Deterioration in Financial 
Statements. All consolidated financial statements for Borrower and any of 
its Subsidiaries delivered to Bank fairly present in all material respects 
Borrowers consolidated financial condition and Borrowers consolidated 
results of operations. There has not been any material deterioration in 
Borrowers consolidated financial condition since the date of the most 
recent financial statements submitted to Bank.
 
5.5                               Solvency. The fair salable value of 
Borrowers assets (including goodwill minus disposition costs) exceeds the 
fair value of its liabilities; Borrower is not left with unreasonably small 
capital after the transactions in this Agreement; and Borrower is able to 
pay its debts (including trade debts) as they mature.
 
5.6                               Regulatory Compliance. Borrower is not an 
investment company or a company controlled by an investment company 
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Borrower is not engaged as one of 
its important activities in extending credit for margin stock (under 
Regulations T and U of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors). Borrower 
has complied in all material respects with the Federal Fair Labor Standards 
Act. Borrower has not violated any laws, ordinances or rules, the violation 
of which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on 
its business. None of Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries properties or 
assets has been used by Borrower or any Subsidiary or, to the best of 
Borrowers knowledge, by previous Persons, in disposing, producing, 
storing, treating, or transporting any hazardous substance other than 
legally. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all consents, 
approvals and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings with, and 
given all notices to, all government authorities that are necessary to 
continue its business as currently conducted.
 
5.7                               Subsidiaries; Investments. Borrower does 
not own any stock, partnership interest or other equity securities except 
for Permitted Investments.
 
5.8                               Tax Returns and Payments; Pension 
Contributions. Except as disclosed in the Perfection Certificate, Borrower 
has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, and Borrower and its 
Subsidiaries have timely paid all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, 
assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower. Borrower may 
defer payment of any contested taxes, provided that Borrower (a) in good 
faith contests its obligation to pay the taxes by appropriate proceedings 
promptly and diligently instituted and conducted, (b) notifies Bank in 
writing of the commencement of, and any material development in, the 
proceedings, (c) posts bonds or takes any other steps reasonably required 
to prevent the governmental authority levying such contested taxes from 
obtaining a Lien upon any of the Collateral that is other than a Permitted 
Lien. Borrower is unaware of any claims or adjustments proposed for any of 
Borrowers prior tax years which could result in additional taxes becoming 
due and payable by Borrower. Borrower has paid all amounts necessary to 
fund all present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in 
accordance with their terms, and Borrower has not withdrawn from 
participation in, and has not permitted partial or complete termination of, 
or permitted the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any such 
plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of 
Borrower, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation or its successors or any other governmental agency.
 
5.9                               Use of Proceeds. Borrower shall use the 
proceeds of the Credit Extensions solely as working capital and to fund its 
general business requirements and not for personal, family, household or 
agricultural purposes.
 
5.10                        Full Disclosure. No written representation, 
warranty or other statement of Borrower in any certificate or written 
statement given to Bank, as of the date such representations, warranties, 
or other statements were made, taken together with all such written 
certificates and written statements given to Bank, contains any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to 
make the statements contained in the certificates or statements not 
misleading (it being recognized by Bank that the projections and forecasts 
provided by Borrower in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions 
are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or 
periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the 
projected or forecasted results).
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
6                                         AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
 
Borrower shall do all of the following:
 
6.1                               Government Compliance. Maintain its and 
all its Subsidiaries legal existence and good standing in their respective 
jurisdictions of formation and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction 
in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a 
material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations. Borrower 
shall comply, and have each Subsidiary comply, with all laws, ordinances 
and regulations to which it is subject, the noncompliance with which could 
have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business.
 
6.2                               Financial Statements, Reports, 
Certificates. Deliver to Bank:  (i) as soon as available, but no later than 
thirty (30) days after the last day of each month, a company prepared 
consolidated balance sheet and income statement covering Borrowers 
consolidated operations during the period certified by a Responsible 
Officer and in a form acceptable to Bank; (ii) within five (5) days of 
delivery, copies of all statements, reports and notices made available to 
Borrowers security holders or to any holders of Subordinated Debt; (iii) 
in the event that Borrower becomes subject to the reporting requirements 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, within five (5) days 
of filing, all reports on Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission or a link thereto on Borrowers or another website 
on the Internet; (iv) a prompt report of any legal actions pending or 
threatened against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that could result in 
damages or costs to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of One Hundred 
Thousand Dollars ($100,000) or more; (v) prompt notice of an event that 
materially and adversely affects the value of the intellectual property 
taken as a whole; and (vi) budgets, sales projections, operating plans and 
other financial information reasonably requested by Bank.
 
6.3                               Inventory; Returns. Keep all Inventory in 
good and marketable condition, free from material defects. Returns and 
allowances between Borrower and its Account Debtors shall follow Borrowers 
customary practices as they exist at the Effective Date. Borrower must 
promptly notify Bank of all returns, recoveries, disputes and claims that 
involve more than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000).
 
6.4                               Taxes; Pensions. Make, and cause each of 
its Subsidiaries to make, timely payment of all foreign, federal, state, 
and local taxes or assessments (other than taxes and assessments which 
Borrower is contesting pursuant to the terms of Section 5.8 hereof) and 
shall deliver to Bank, on demand, appropriate certificates attesting to 
such payments, and pay all amounts necessary to fund all present pension, 
profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their 
terms.
 
6.5                               Insurance. Keep its business and the 
Collateral insured for risks and in amounts standard for companies in 
Borrowers industry and location and as Bank may reasonably request. 
Insurance policies shall be in a form, with companies, and in amounts that 
are satisfactory to Bank. All property policies relating to Collateral 
shall have a lenders loss payable endorsement showing Bank as lender loss 
payee and waive subrogation against Bank, and all liability policies shall 
show, or have endorsements showing, Bank as an additional insured. All 
policies (or the loss payable and additional insured endorsements) shall 
provide that the insurer must give Bank at least twenty (20) days notice 
before canceling, amending, or declining to renew its policy. At Banks 
request, Borrower shall deliver certificates of insurance and evidence of 
all premium payments. Proceeds payable under any policy shall, at Banks 
option, be payable to Bank on account of the Obligations. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, (a) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, Borrower shall have the option of applying the proceeds of any 
casualty policy up to $50,000, in the aggregate, toward the replacement or 
repair of destroyed or damaged property; provided that any such replaced or 
repaired property (i) shall be of equal or like value as the replaced or 
repaired Collateral and (ii) shall be deemed Collateral in which Bank has 
been granted a first priority security interest, and (b) after the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all proceeds 
payable under such casualty policy shall, at the option of Bank, be payable 
to Bank on account of the Obligations. If Borrower fails to obtain 
insurance as required under this Section 6.5 or to pay any amount or 
furnish any required proof of payment to third persons and Bank, Bank may 
make all or part of such payment or obtain such insurance policies required 
in this Section 6.5, and take any action under the policies Bank deems 
prudent.
 
6.6                               Operating Accounts.
 
(a)                                  Maintain its depository, operating, 
and securities accounts with Bank and Banks affiliates.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 Provide Bank five (5) days prior 
written notice before establishing any Collateral Account at or with any 
bank or financial institution other than Bank or its Affiliates. In 
addition, for each Collateral Account that Borrower at any time maintains, 
Borrower shall cause the applicable bank or financial institution (other 
than Bank) at or with which any Collateral Account is maintained to execute 
and deliver a Control Agreement or other appropriate instrument with 
respect to such Collateral Account to perfect Banks Lien in such 
Collateral Account in accordance with the terms hereunder, which Control 
Agreement may not be terminated without the prior written consent of the 
Bank. The provisions of the previous sentence shall not apply to deposit 
accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee 
wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of Borrowers employees and 
identified to Bank by Borrower as such.
 
6.7                               Protection and Registration of 
Intellectual Property Rights. Borrower shall:  (a) protect, defend and 
maintain the validity and enforceability of its intellectual property; (b) 
promptly advise Bank in writing of material infringements of its 
intellectual property; and (c) not allow any intellectual property material 
to Borrowers business to be abandoned, forfeited or dedicated to the 
public without Banks written consent. If Borrower decides to register any 
copyrights or mask works in the United States Copyright Office, Borrower 
shall: (x) provide Bank with at least fifteen (15) days prior written 
notice of its intent to register such copyrights or mask works together 
with a copy of the application it intends to file with the United States 
Copyright Office (excluding exhibits thereto); (y) execute an intellectual 
property security agreement or such other documents as Bank may reasonably 
request to maintain the perfection and priority of Banks security interest 
in the copyrights or mask works intended to be registered with the United 
States Copyright Office; and (z) record such intellectual property security 
agreement with the United States Copyright Office contemporaneously with 
filing the copyright or mask work application(s) with the United States 
Copyright Office. Borrower shall promptly provide to Bank a copy of the 
application(s) filed with the United States Copyright Office together with 
evidence of the recording of the intellectual property security agreement 
necessary for Bank to maintain the perfection and priority of its security 
interest in such copyrights or mask works. Borrower shall provide written 
notice to Bank of any application filed by Borrower in the United States 
Patent and Trademark Office for a patent or to register a trademark or 
service mark within 30 days after any such filing.
 
6.8                               Litigation Cooperation. From the date 
hereof and continuing through the termination of this Agreement, make 
available to Bank, without expense to Bank, Borrower and its officers, 
employees and agents and Borrowers books and records, to the extent that 
Bank may deem them reasonably necessary to prosecute or defend any 
third-party suit or proceeding instituted by or against Bank with respect 
to any Collateral or relating to Borrower.
 
6.9                               Further Assurances. Execute any further 
instruments and take further action as Bank reasonably requests to perfect 
or continue Banks Lien in the Collateral or to effect the purposes of this 
Agreement.
 
7                                         NEGATIVE COVENANTS
 
Borrower shall not do any of the following without Banks prior written 
consent:
 
7.1                               Dispositions. Convey, sell, lease, 
transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of (collectively, Transfer), or 
permit any of its Subsidiaries to Transfer, all or any part of its business 
or property, except for Transfers (a) of Inventory in the ordinary course 
of business; (b) of worn-out or obsolete Equipment; (c) in connection with 
Permitted Liens and Permitted Investments; and (d) of non-exclusive 
licenses for the use of the property of Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the 
ordinary course of business.
 
7.2                               Changes in Business, Management, 
Ownership, or Business Locations. (a) Engage in or permit any of its 
Subsidiaries to engage in any business other than the businesses currently 
engaged in by Borrower and such Subsidiary, as applicable, or reasonably 
related thereto; (b) liquidate or dissolve; or (c) (i) have a material 
change in management or (ii) enter into any transaction or series of 
related transactions in which the stockholders of Borrower immediately 
prior to the first such transaction own less than 60% of the voting stock 
of Borrower immediately after giving effect to such transaction or related 
series of such transactions (other than by the sale of Borrowers equity 
securities in a public offering or to venture capital investors so long as 
Borrower identifies to Bank the venture capital investors prior to the 
closing of the transaction). Borrower shall not, without at least thirty 
(30) days prior written notice to Bank: (1) add any new offices or business 
locations, including warehouses (unless such new offices or business 
locations contain less than Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) in Borrowers 
assets or property), (2) change its jurisdiction of organization, (3) 
change its organizational structure or type, (4) change its legal name, or 
(5) change any organizational number (if any) assigned by its jurisdiction 
of organization.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
7.3                               Mergers or Acquisitions. Merge or 
consolidate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, 
with any other Person, or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to 
acquire, all or substantially all of the capital stock or property of 
another Person. A Subsidiary may merge or consolidate into another 
Subsidiary or into Borrower.
 
7.4                               Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume, or 
be liable for any Indebtedness, or permit any Subsidiary to do so, other 
than Permitted Indebtedness.
 
7.5                               Encumbrance. Create, incur, or allow any 
Lien on any of its property, or assign or convey any right to receive 
income, including the sale of any Accounts, or permit any of its 
Subsidiaries to do so, except for Permitted Liens, or permit any Collateral 
not to be subject to the first priority security interest granted herein.
 
7.6                               Maintenance of Collateral Accounts. 
Maintain any Collateral Account except pursuant to the terms of Section 
6.6(b) hereof.
 
7.7                                 Distributions; Investments. (a) 
Directly or indirectly make any Investment other than Permitted 
Investments, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so; or (b) pay any 
dividends or make any distribution or payment or redeem, retire or purchase 
any capital stock provided that (i) Borrower may convert any of its 
convertible securities into other securities pursuant to the terms of such 
convertible securities or otherwise in exchange thereof, (ii) Borrower may 
pay dividends solely in common stock; and (iii) Borrower may repurchase the 
stock of former employees or consultants pursuant to stock repurchase 
agreements so long as an Event of Default does not exist at the time of 
such repurchase and would not exist after giving effect to such repurchase, 
provided such repurchase does not exceed in the aggregate of Twenty 
Thousand Dollars ($20,000.00) per fiscal year.
 
7.8                               Transactions with Affiliates. Directly or 
indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any 
Affiliate of Borrower, except for transactions that are in the ordinary 
course of Borrowers business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no 
less favorable to Borrower than would be obtained in an arms length 
transaction with a non-affiliated Person.
 
7.9                               Subordinated Debt. (a) Make or permit any 
payment on any Subordinated Debt, except under the terms of the 
subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement to which such 
Subordinated Debt is subject, or (b) amend any provision in any document 
relating to the Subordinated Debt which would increase the amount thereof 
or adversely affect the subordination thereof to Obligations owed to Bank.
 
7.10                        Compliance. Become an investment company or a 
company controlled by an investment company, under the Investment Company 
Act of 1940 or undertake as one of its important activities extending 
credit to purchase or carry margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), or use the proceeds of 
any Credit Extension for that purpose; fail to meet the minimum funding 
requirements of ERISA, permit a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, 
as defined in ERISA, to occur; fail to comply with the Federal Fair Labor 
Standards Act or violate any other law or regulation, if the violation 
could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on 
Borrowers business, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so; withdraw 
or permit any Subsidiary to withdraw from participation in, permit partial 
or complete termination of, or permit the occurrence of any other event 
with respect to, any present pension, profit sharing and deferred 
compensation plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any 
liability of Borrower, including any liability to the Pension Benefit 
Guaranty Corporation or its successors or any other governmental agency.
 
8                                         EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
Any one of the following shall constitute an event of default (an Event of 
Default) under this Agreement:
 
8.1                               Payment Default. Borrower fails to (a) 
make any payment of principal or interest on any Credit Extension on its 
due date, or (b) pay any other Obligations within three (3) Business Days 
after such Obligations are due and payable (which three (3) Business Day 
grace period will not apply to payments due on the Bridge Loan Maturity 
Date). During the cure period, the failure to cure the payment default is 
not an Event of Default (but no Credit Extension will be made during the 
cure period);
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
8.2                               Covenant Default.
 
(a) Borrower fails or neglects to perform any obligation in Sections 6.2, 
6.6 or violates any covenant in Section 7; or
 
(b) Borrower fails or neglects to perform, keep, or observe any other term, 
provision, condition, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement, 
any Loan Documents, and as to any default (other than those specified in 
this Section 8) under such other term, provision, condition, covenant or 
agreement that can be cured, has failed to cure the default within ten (10) 
days after the occurrence thereof; provided, however, that if the default 
cannot by its nature be cured within the ten (10) day period or cannot 
after diligent attempts by Borrower be cured within such ten (10) day 
period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable time, 
then Borrower shall have an additional period (which shall not in any case 
exceed thirty (30) days) to attempt to cure such default, and within such 
reasonable time period the failure to cure the default shall not be deemed 
an Event of Default (but no Credit Extensions shall be made during such 
cure period). Grace periods provided under this Section shall not apply, 
among other things, to financial covenants or any other covenants set forth 
in subsection (a) above;
 
8.3                               Material Adverse Change. A Material 
Adverse Change occurs;
 
8.4                               Attachment. (a) Any material portion of 
Borrowers assets is attached, seized, levied on, or comes into possession 
of a trustee or receiver and the attachment, seizure or levy is not removed 
in ten (10) days; (b) the service of process seeking to attach, by trustee 
or similar process, any funds of Borrower, or of any entity under control 
of Borrower (including a Subsidiary), on deposit with Bank or Banks 
Affiliate; (c) Borrower is enjoined, restrained, or prevented by court 
order from conducting a material part of its business; (d) a judgment or 
other claim in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) becomes a Lien on 
any of Borrowers assets; or (e) a notice of lien, levy, or assessment is 
filed against any of Borrowers assets by any government agency and not 
paid within ten (10) days after Borrower receives notice. These are not 
Events of Default if stayed or if a bond is posted pending contest by 
Borrower (but no Credit Extensions shall be made during the cure period);
 
8.5                               Insolvency (a) Borrower is unable to pay 
its debts (including trade debts) as they become due or otherwise becomes 
insolvent; (b) Borrower begins an Insolvency Proceeding; or (c) an 
Insolvency Proceeding is begun against Borrower and not dismissed or stayed 
within thirty (30) days (but no Credit Extensions shall be made while of 
any of the conditions described in clause (a) exist and/or until any 
Insolvency Proceeding is dismissed);
 
8.6                               Other Agreements. There is a default in 
any agreement to which Borrower or any Guarantor is a party with a third 
party or parties resulting in a right by such third party or parties, 
whether or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of any Indebtedness in 
an amount in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) or that 
could have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business;
 
8.7                               Judgments. A judgment or judgments for 
the payment of money in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, of at 
least One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) (not covered by independent 
third-party insurance) shall be rendered against Borrower and shall remain 
unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days after the entry 
thereof (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the 
satisfaction or stay of such judgment);
 
8.8                               Misrepresentations. Borrower or any 
Person acting for Borrower makes any representation, warranty, or other 
statement now or later in this Agreement, any Loan Document or in any 
writing delivered to Bank or to induce Bank to enter this Agreement or any 
Loan Document, and such representation, warranty, or other statement is 
incorrect in any material respect when made; or
 
8.9                               Subordinated Debt. A default or breach 
occurs under any agreement between Borrower and any creditor of Borrower 
that signed a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement with 
Bank, or any creditor that has signed such an agreement with Bank breaches 
any terms of such agreement.
 
9                                         BANKS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES
 
9.1                               Rights and Remedies. While an Event of 
Default occurs and continues Bank may, without notice or demand, do any or 
all of the following:
 
(a)                                  declare all Obligations immediately 
due and payable (but if an Event of Default described in Section 8.5 occurs 
all Obligations are immediately due and payable without any action by 
Bank);
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 stop advancing money or extending 
credit for Borrowers benefit under this Agreement or under any other 
agreement between Borrower and Bank;
 
(c)                                  demand that Borrower (i) deposits cash 
with Bank in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of any letters of 
credit remaining undrawn, as collateral security for the repayment of any 
future drawings under such letters of credit, and Borrower shall forthwith 
deposit and pay such amounts, and (ii) pay in advance all letter of credit 
fees scheduled to be paid or payable over the remaining term of any letters 
of credit;
 
(d)                                 settle or adjust disputes and claims 
directly with Account Debtors for amounts on terms and in any order that 
Bank considers advisable, notify any Person owing Borrower money of Banks 
security interest in such funds, and verify the amount of such account;
 
(e)                                  make any payments and do any acts it 
considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral and/or its 
security interest in the Collateral. Borrower shall assemble the Collateral 
if Bank requests and make it available as Bank designates. Bank may enter 
premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of 
any part of the Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any 
Lien which appears to be prior or superior to its security interest and pay 
all expenses incurred. Borrower grants Bank a non-exclusive license to 
enter and occupy any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of 
Banks rights or remedies;
 
(f)                                    apply to the Obligations any (i) 
balances and deposits of Borrower it holds (other than the  HRP Account), 
or (ii) any amount held by Bank owing to or for the credit or the account 
of Borrower;
 
(g)                                 ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, 
maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale, and sell the 
Collateral. Bank is hereby granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free license or 
other right to use, without charge, Borrowers labels, patents, copyrights, 
mask works, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, 
trademarks, service marks, and advertising matter, or any similar property 
as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising 
for sale, and selling any Collateral and, in connection with Banks 
exercise of its rights under this Section, Borrowers rights under all 
licenses and all franchise agreements inure to Banks benefit;
 
(h)                                 place a hold on any account 
maintained with Bank and/or deliver a notice of exclusive control, any 
entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any 
Control Agreement or similar agreements providing control of any 
Collateral;
 
(i)                                     demand and receive possession of 
Borrowers Books; and
 
(j)                                     exercise all rights and remedies 
available to Bank under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including 
all remedies provided under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral 
pursuant to the terms thereof).
 
9.2                               Power of Attorney. Borrower hereby 
irrevocably appoints Bank as its lawful attorney-in-fact, exercisable upon 
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to:  (a) 
endorse Borrowers name on any checks or other forms of payment or 
security; (b) sign Borrowers name on any invoice or bill of lading for any 
Account or drafts against Account Debtors; (c) settle and adjust disputes 
and claims about the Accounts directly with Account Debtors, for amounts 
and on terms Bank determines reasonable; (d) make, settle, and adjust all 
claims under Borrowers insurance policies; (e) pay, contest or settle any 
Lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, and adverse claim in or to 
the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action 
to terminate or discharge the same; and (f) transfer the Collateral into 
the name of Bank or a third party as the Code permits. Borrower hereby 
appoints Bank as its lawful attorney-in-fact to sign Borrowers name on any 
documents necessary to perfect or continue the perfection of Banks 
security interest in the Collateral regardless of whether an Event of 
Default has occurred until all Obligations have been satisfied in full and 
Bank is under no further obligation to make Credit Extensions hereunder. 
Banks foregoing appointment as Borrowers attorney in fact, and all of 
Banks rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until 
all Obligations have been fully repaid and performed and Banks obligation 
to provide Credit Extensions terminates.
 
9.3                               Accounts Verification; Collection. In the 
event that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Bank may 
notify any Person owing Borrower money of Banks security interest in such 
funds and verify the amount of such account. After the occurrence of an 
Event of Default, any amounts received by Borrower shall
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
be held in trust by Borrower for Bank, and, if requested by Bank, Borrower 
shall immediately deliver such receipts to Bank in the form received from 
the Account Debtor, with proper endorsements for deposit.
 
9.4                               Protective Payments. If Borrower fails to 
obtain the insurance called for by Section 6.5 or fails to pay any premium 
thereon or fails to pay any other amount which Borrower is obligated to pay 
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Bank may obtain such 
insurance or make such payment, and all amounts so paid by Bank are Bank 
Expenses and immediately due and payable, bearing interest at the then 
highest applicable rate charged by Bank, and secured by the Collateral. 
Bank will make reasonable efforts to provide Borrower with notice of Bank 
obtaining such insurance at the time it is obtained or within a reasonable 
time thereafter. No payments by Bank are deemed an agreement to make 
similar payments in the future or Banks waiver of any Event of Default.
 
9.5                               Application of Payments and Proceeds. 
Unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Bank shall apply 
any funds in its possession, whether from Borrower account balances, 
payments, or proceeds realized as the result of any collection of Accounts 
or other disposition of the Collateral, first, to Bank Expenses, including 
without limitation, the reasonable costs, expenses, liabilities, 
obligations and attorneys fees incurred by Bank in the exercise of its 
rights under this Agreement; second, to the interest due upon any of the 
Obligations; and third, to the principal of the Obligations and any 
applicable fees and other charges, in such order as Bank shall determine in 
its sole discretion. Any surplus shall be paid to Borrower or other Persons 
legally entitled thereto; Borrower shall remain liable to Bank for any 
deficiency. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Bank may 
apply any funds in its possession, whether from Borrower account balances, 
payments, proceeds realized as the result of any collection of Accounts or 
other disposition of the Collateral, or otherwise, to the Obligations in 
such order as Bank shall determine in its sole discretion. Any surplus 
shall be paid to Borrower or other Persons legally entitled thereto; 
Borrower shall remain liable to Bank for any deficiency. If Bank, in its 
good faith business judgment, directly or indirectly enters into a deferred 
payment or other credit transaction with any purchaser at any sale of 
Collateral, Bank shall have the option, exercisable at any time, of either 
reducing the Obligations by the principal amount of the purchase price or 
deferring the reduction of the Obligations until the actual receipt by Bank 
of cash therefor.
 
9.6                               Banks Liability for Collateral. So long 
as Bank complies with reasonable banking practices regarding the 
safekeeping of the Collateral in the possession or under the control of 
Bank, Bank shall not be liable or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of 
the Collateral; (b) any loss or damage to the Collateral; (c) any 
diminution in the value of the Collateral; or (d) any act or default of any 
carrier, warehouseman, bailee, or other Person. Borrower bears all risk of 
loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral.
 
9.7                               No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. Banks 
failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by Borrower of 
any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive, 
affect, or diminish any right of Bank thereafter to demand strict 
performance and compliance herewith or therewith. No waiver hereunder shall 
be effective unless signed by Bank and then is only effective for the 
specific instance and purpose for which it is given. Banks rights and 
remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative. 
Bank has all rights and remedies provided under the Code, by law, or in 
equity. Banks exercise of one right or remedy is not an election, and 
Banks waiver of any Event of Default is not a continuing waiver. Banks 
delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence.
 
9.8                               Demand Waiver. Borrower waives demand, 
notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, notice of 
any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, 
extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, 
and guarantees held by Bank on which Borrower is liable.
 
10                                  NOTICES
 
All notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication 
(collectively, Communication) by any party to this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly 
served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and 
three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, 
registered or certified mail return receipt requested, with proper postage 
prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by electronic mail or facsimile 
transmission; (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable 
overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or (d) when delivered, if 
hand-delivered by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party 
to be notified and sent to the address, facsimile number, or email address 
indicated below. Bank or Borrower may change its address or facsimile 
number by giving the other party written notice thereof in accordance with 
the terms of this Section 10.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
If to Borrower:
 
BG Medicine, Inc.
 
 
610 Lincoln Street
 
 
North Waltham, Massachusetts 02451
 
 
Attn: Mark D. Shooman
 
 
Fax: (781) 895-1119
 
 
Email:  mshooman@bg-medicine.com
 
 
 
with a copy to:
 
Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky, and Popeo, PC
 
 
One Financial Center
 
 
Boston, Massachusetts 02111
 
 
Attn: William T. Whelan, Esq.
 
 
Fax: (617) 542-2241
 
 
Email: WWhelan@Mintz.com
 
 
 
If to Bank:
 
Silicon Valley Bank
 
 
One Newton Executive Park, Suite 200
 
 
2221 Washington Street
 
 
Newton, Massachusetts 02462
 
 
Attn: Mr. Tom Davies
 
 
Fax: (617) 969-5967
 
 
Email:  TDavies@svb.com
 
 
 
with a copy to:
 
Riemer & Braunstein LLP
 
 
Three Center Plaza
 
 
Boston, Massachusetts 02108
 
 
Attn: David A. Ephraim, Esquire
 
 
Fax: (617) 880-3456
 
 
Email: DEphraim@riemerlaw.com
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
11                                  CHOICE OF LAW, VENUE AND JURY TRIAL 
WAIVER
 
Massachusetts law governs the Loan Documents without regard to principles 
of conflicts of law. Borrower and Bank each submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the State and Federal courts in Massachusetts; provided, 
however, that if for any reason Bank cannot avail itself of such courts in 
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Borrower accepts jurisdiction of the 
courts and venue in Santa Clara County, California. NOTWITHSTANDING THE 
FOREGOING, BANK SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING 
AGAINST BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION 
WHICH BANK DEEMS NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE IN ORDER TO REALIZE ON THE 
COLLATERAL OR TO OTHERWISE ENFORCE BANKS RIGHTS AGAINST BORROWER OR ITS 
PROPERTY.
 
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER AND BANK EACH WAIVE 
THEIR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF 
OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED 
TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS. 
THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR BOTH PARTIES TO ENTER INTO THIS 
AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL.
 
12                                  GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
12.1                        Successors and Assigns. This Agreement binds 
and is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each 
party. Borrower may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations 
under it without Banks prior written consent (which may be granted or 
withheld in Banks discretion). Bank has the right, without the consent of 
or notice to Borrower, to sell, transfer, assign, negotiate, or grant 
participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, Banks 
obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents.
 
12.2                        Indemnification. Borrower agrees to indemnify, 
defend and hold Bank and its directors, officers, employees, agents, 
attorneys, or any other Person affiliated with or representing Bank 
harmless against:  (a) all obligations, demands, claims, and liabilities 
(collectively, Claims) asserted by any other party in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents; and (b) all losses or Bank 
Expenses incurred, or paid by Bank from, following, or arising from 
transactions between Bank and Borrower (including reasonable attorneys 
fees and expenses), except for Claims and/or losses directly caused by 
Banks gross negligence or willful misconduct.
 
12.3                        Time of Essence. Time is of the essence for the 
performance of all Obligations in this Agreement.
 
12.4                        Severability of Provisions. Each provision of 
this Agreement is severable from every other provision in determining the 
enforceability of any provision.
 
12.5                        Amendments in Writing; Integration. All 
amendments to this Agreement must be in writing signed by both Bank and 
Borrower. This Agreement and the Loan Documents represent the entire 
agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or 
agreements. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, 
warranties, and negotiations between the parties about the subject matter 
of this Agreement and the Loan Documents merge into this Agreement and the 
Loan Documents.
 
12.6                        Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in 
any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate 
counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, 
and all taken together, constitute one Agreement.
 
12.7                        Survival. All covenants, representations and 
warranties made in this Agreement continue in full force until this 
Agreement has terminated pursuant to its terms and all Obligations (other 
than inchoate indemnity obligations and any other obligations which, by 
their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement) have been 
satisfied. The obligation of Borrower in Section 12.2 to indemnify Bank 
shall survive until the statute of limitations with respect to such claim 
or cause of action shall have run.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
12.8                        Confidentiality. In handling any confidential 
information, Bank shall exercise the same degree of care that it exercises 
for its own proprietary information, but disclosure of information may be 
made: (a) to Banks Subsidiaries or Affiliates; (b) to prospective 
transferees or purchasers of any interest in the Credit Extensions 
(provided, however, Bank shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
obtain such prospective transferees or purchasers agreement to the terms 
of this provision); (c) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other 
order; (d) to Banks regulators or as otherwise required in connection with 
Banks examination or audit; and (e) as Bank considers appropriate in 
exercising remedies under this Agreement. Confidential information does not 
include information that either: (i) is in the public domain or in Banks 
possession when disclosed to Bank, or becomes part of the public domain 
after disclosure to Bank; or (ii) is disclosed to Bank by a third party, if 
Bank does not know that the third party is prohibited from disclosing the 
information.
 
12.9                        Right of Set Off. Borrower hereby grants to 
Bank, a lien, security interest and right of set off as security for all 
Obligations to Bank, whether now existing or hereafter arising upon and 
against all deposits, credits, collateral and property, now or hereafter in 
the possession, custody, safekeeping or control of Bank or any entity under 
the control of Bank (including a Bank subsidiary) or in transit to any of 
them (with the exception of the HRP Account). At any time after the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without 
demand or notice, Bank may set off the same or any part thereof and apply 
the same to any liability or obligation of Borrower even though unmatured 
and regardless of the adequacy of any other collateral securing the 
Obligations. ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE BANK TO EXERCISE ITS RIGHTS OR 
REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE 
OBLIGATIONS, PRIOR TO EXERCISING ITS RIGHT OF SETOFF WITH RESPECT TO SUCH 
DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF BORROWER ARE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, 
VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED.
 
13                                  DEFINITIONS
 
13.1                        Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the 
following terms have the following meanings:
 
Account is any account as defined in the Code with such additions to 
such term as may hereafter be made, and includes, without limitation, all 
accounts receivable and other sums owing to Borrower.
 
Account Debtor is any account debtor as defined in the Code with such 
additions to such term as may hereafter be made.
 
Affiliate of any Person is a Person that owns or controls directly or 
indirectly the Person, any Person that controls or is controlled by or is 
under common control with the Person, and each of that Persons senior 
executive officers, directors, partners and, for any Person that is a 
limited liability company, that Persons managers and members.
 
Agreement is defined in the preamble hereof.
 
 Bank is defined in the preamble hereof.
 
Bank Expenses are all audit fees and expenses, costs, and expenses 
(including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) for preparing, 
negotiating, administering, defending and enforcing the Loan Documents 
(including, without limitation, those incurred in connection with appeals 
or Insolvency Proceedings) or otherwise incurred with respect to Borrower.
 
Borrower is defined in the preamble hereof.
 
Borrowers Books are all Borrowers books and records including ledgers, 
federal and state tax returns, records regarding Borrowers assets or 
liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, 
and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such 
information.
 
 Borrowing Resolutions are, with respect to any Person, those resolutions 
adopted by such Persons Board of Directors and delivered by such Person to 
Bank approving the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party and the 
transactions contemplated thereby, together with a certificate executed by 
its secretary on behalf of such Person certifying that (a) such Person has 
the authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under each 
of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (b) that attached as Exhibit 
A to such certificate is a true, correct, and complete copy of the 
resolutions then in full force and effect authorizing and ratifying the 
execution, delivery,
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and performance by such Person of the Loan Documents to which it is a 
party, (c) the name(s) of the Person(s) authorized to execute the Loan 
Documents on behalf of such Person, together with a sample of the true 
signature(s) of such Person(s), and (d) that Bank may conclusively rely on 
such certificate unless and until such Person shall have delivered to Bank 
a further certificate canceling or amending such prior certificate.
 
Bridge Loan is a loan made by Bank pursuant to the terms of Section 2.1.1 
hereof.
 
Bridge Loan Advance is defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof.
 
 Bridge Loan Maturity Date is, the sooner to occur of (a) five (5) days 
after the occurrence of the Financing Event, (b) March 31, 2008, or (c) the 
Borrowers initial public offering and sale of its Common Stock or other 
common voting equity securities pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
 Business Day is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
Bank is closed.
 
 Cash Equivalents are (a) marketable direct obligations issued or 
unconditionally guaranteed by the United States or any agency or any State 
thereof having maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of 
acquisition; (b) commercial paper maturing no more than one (1) year after 
its creation and having the highest rating from either Standard & Poors 
Ratings Group or Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and (c) Banks 
certificates of deposit issued maturing no more than one (1) year after 
issue.
 
 Claims are defined in Section 12.2.
 
Code is the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, 
be enacted and in effect in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; provided, 
that, to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in 
any Loan Document and such term is defined differently in different 
Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in 
Article or Division 9 shall govern; provided further, that in the event 
that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the 
attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Banks 
Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect 
in a jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the term 
Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in 
such other jurisdiction solely for purposes on the provisions thereof 
relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for 
purposes of definitions relating to such provisions.
 
 Collateral is any and all properties, rights and assets of Borrower 
described on Exhibit A.
 
Collateral Account is any Deposit Account, Securities Account, or 
Commodity Account, with the exception of the HRP Account.
 
 Commodity Account is any commodity account as defined in the Code with 
such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.
 
Communication is defined in Section 10.
 
 Contingent Obligation is, for any Person, any direct or indirect 
liability, contingent or not, of that Person for (a) any indebtedness, 
lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation of another such as an 
obligation directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted 
or sold with recourse by that Person, or for which that Person is directly 
or indirectly liable; (b) any obligations for undrawn letters of credit for 
the account of that Person; and (c) all obligations from any interest rate, 
currency or commodity swap agreement, interest rate cap or collar 
agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person 
against fluctuation in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity 
prices; but Contingent Obligation does not include endorsements in the 
ordinary course of business. The amount of a Contingent Obligation is the 
stated or determined amount of the primary obligation for which the 
Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum 
reasonably anticipated liability for it determined by the Person in good 
faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the obligations under 
any guarantee or other support arrangement.
 
Control Agreement is any control agreement entered into among the 
depository institution at which Borrower maintains a Deposit Account or the 
securities intermediary or commodity intermediary at which Borrower
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
maintains a Securities Account or a Commodity Account, Borrower, and Bank 
pursuant to which Bank obtains control (within the meaning of the Code) 
over such Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account.
 
Credit Extension is any Bridge Loan Advance, or any other extension of 
credit by Bank for Borrowers benefit.
 
Default is any event which with notice or passage of time or both, would 
constitute an Event of Default.
 
Default Rate is defined in Section 2.2(b).
 
De Lage Collateral means the Equipment (as defined in that certain 
Master Lease Agreement by and between De Lage Landen Financial Services, 
Inc. and Borrower, dated on or around May 23, 1001, as amended), and the 
proceeds thereof.
 
 Deposit Account is any deposit account as defined in the Code with 
such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.
 
Designated Deposit Account is Borrowers deposit account, account number 
3300211799, maintained with Bank.
 
Dollars, dollars and $ each mean lawful money of the United States.
 
Effective Date is defined in the preamble of this Agreement.
 
Equipment is all equipment as defined in the Code with such additions 
to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all 
machinery, fixtures, goods, vehicles (including motor vehicles and 
trailers), and any interest in any of the foregoing.
 
 ERISA is the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and its 
regulations.
 
Event of Default is defined in Section 8.
 
Financing Event shall mean the closing by the Borrower of a debt or 
equity financing after the Effective Date.
 
First Bridge Loan Advance is defined in Section 2.1.1.
 
First Draw Period is the period of time from the Effective Date through 
the earliest to occur of (a) November 9, 2007, and (b) an Event of Default.
 
 Funding Date is any date on which a Credit Extension is made to or on 
account of Borrower which shall be a Business Day.
 
 GAAP is generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the 
opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and 
pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other 
statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment 
of the accounting profession, which are applicable to the circumstances as 
of the date of determination.
 
GE Collateral means the Equipment (as defined in that certain Master 
Security Agreement by and between General Electric Capital Corporation and 
Borrower, dated on or around October 3, 2001, as amended from time to 
time), and the proceeds thereof.
 
 General Intangibles is all general intangibles as defined in the Code 
in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may 
hereafter be made, and includes without limitation, all copyright rights, 
copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in 
each work of authorship and derivative work, whether published or 
unpublished, any patents, trademarks, service marks and, to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, any applications therefor, whether 
registered or not, any trade secret rights, including any rights to
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
unpatented inventions, payment intangibles, royalties, contract rights, 
goodwill, franchise agreements, purchase orders, customer lists, route 
lists, telephone numbers, domain names, claims, income and other tax 
refunds, security and other deposits, options to purchase or sell real or 
personal property, rights in all litigation presently or hereafter pending 
(whether in contract, tort or otherwise), insurance policies (including 
without limitation key man, property damage, and business interruption 
insurance), payments of insurance and rights to payment of any kind.
 
HRP Account shall mean, funds received by Borrower pursuant participation 
agreements with Philips, Merck, and AstraZeneca to be used in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the HRP Initiative, maintained with State 
Street Bank and Trust in Borrowers account number DE1956.
 
HRP Initiative means a series of pre-competitive, multi-party research 
and development projects, which are administered and coordinated pursuant 
to participation agreements with Philips, Merck and AstaZeneca to advance 
the understanding, recognition, and management of cardiovascular disease.
 
 Indebtedness is (a) indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred 
price of property or services, such as reimbursement and other obligations 
for surety bonds and letters of credit, (b) obligations evidenced by notes, 
bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) capital lease obligations, 
and (d) Contingent Obligations.
 
 Insolvency Proceeding is any proceeding by or against any Person under 
the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any other bankruptcy or insolvency 
law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, 
extensions generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking 
reorganization, arrangement, or other relief.
 
 Inventory is all inventory as defined in the Code in effect on the 
date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and 
includes without limitation all merchandise, raw materials, parts, 
supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and finished 
products, including without limitation such inventory as is temporarily out 
of Borrowers custody or possession or in transit and including any 
returned goods and any documents of title representing any of the above.
 
Investment is any beneficial ownership interest in any Person (including 
stock, partnership interest or other securities), and any loan, advance or 
capital contribution to any Person.
 
IP Agreement is that certain Intellectual Property Security Agreement 
executed and delivered by Borrower to Bank dated as of the Effective Date.
 
 Lien is a mortgage, lien, deed of trust, charge, pledge, security 
interest or other encumbrance.
 
 Loan Documents are, collectively, this Agreement, the Perfection 
Certificate, the IP Agreement, any note, or notes or guaranties executed by 
Borrower and any other present or future agreement between Borrower for the 
benefit of Bank in connection with this Agreement, all as amended, 
restated, or otherwise modified.
 
 Material Adverse Change is (a) a material impairment in the perfection 
or priority of Banks Lien in the Collateral or in the value of such 
Collateral; (b) a material adverse change in the business, operations, or 
condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower; or (c) a material 
impairment of the prospect of repayment of any portion of the Obligations.
 
 Obligations are Borrowers obligation to pay when due any debts, 
principal, interest, Bank Expenses and other amounts Borrower owes Bank now 
or later, in connection with this Agreement, the Loan Documents, or 
otherwise, including, without limitation, all obligations relating to 
letters of credit (including reimbursement obligations for drawn and 
undrawn letters of credit), cash management services, and foreign exchange 
contracts, if any, and including interest accruing after Insolvency 
Proceedings begin and debts, liabilities, or obligations of Borrower 
assigned to Bank, and the performance of Borrowers duties under the Loan 
Documents.
 
Operating Documents are, for any Person, such Persons formation 
documents, as certified with the Secretary of State of such Persons state 
of formation on a date that is no earlier than 30 days prior to the 
Effective Date, and its bylaws in current form, each of the foregoing with 
all current amendments or modifications thereto.
 
Oracle Collateral means the software (as defined in that certain Payment 
Plan Agreement by and between Oracle Credit Corporation and Borrower, dated 
on or around May 30, 2007), and the proceeds thereof.
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 Payment/Advance Form is that certain form attached hereto as Exhibit B.
 
Payment Date is the first Business Day of each calendar month.
 
Perfection Certificate is defined in Section 5.1.
 
Permitted Indebtedness is:
 
(a)                                  Borrowers Indebtedness to Bank under 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;
 
(b)                                 Indebtedness existing on the Effective 
Date and shown on the Perfection Certificate;
 
(c)                                  Subordinated Debt;
 
(d)                                 unsecured Indebtedness to trade 
creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business;
 
(e)                                  Indebtedness incurred as a result of 
endorsing negotiable instruments received in the ordinary course of 
business;
 
(f)                                    Indebtedness secured by Permitted 
Liens; and
 
(g)                                 extensions, refinancings, 
modifications, amendments and restatements of any items of Permitted 
Indebtedness (a) through (f) above, provided that the principal amount 
thereof is not increased or the terms thereof are not modified to impose 
more burdensome terms upon Borrower or its Subsidiary, as the case may be.
 
Permitted Investments are:
 
(a)                                  Investments shown on the Perfection 
Certificate and existing on the Effective Date; and
 
(b)                                 Cash Equivalents.
 
Permitted Liens are:
 
(a)                                  Liens existing on the Effective Date 
and shown on the Perfection Certificate or arising under this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents;
 
(b)                                 Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or 
other government charges or levies, either not delinquent or being 
contested in good faith and for which Borrower maintains adequate reserves 
on Borrowers Books, if they have no priority over any of Banks Liens;
 
(c)                                  purchase money Liens (i) on Equipment 
acquired or held by Borrower incurred for financing the acquisition of the 
Equipment securing no more than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) in 
the aggregate amount outstanding, or (ii) existing on Equipment when 
acquired, if the Lien is confined to the property and improvements and the 
proceeds of the Equipment;
 
(d)                                 Liens incurred in the extension, 
renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens described in 
(a) through (c), but any extension, renewal or replacement Lien must be 
limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal 
amount of the indebtedness may not increase;
 
(e)                                  leases or subleases of real property 
granted in the ordinary course of business, and leases, subleases, 
non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of property (other than real property 
or intellectual property) granted in the ordinary course of Borrowers 
business, if the leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses do not 
prohibit granting Bank a security interest;
 
(f)                                    non-exclusive license of 
intellectual property granted to third parties in the ordinary course of 
business; and
 
(g)                                 judgment liens not constituting an 
Event of Default under Section 8.4 or 8.7.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Person is any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited 
liability company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated 
organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit 
corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government 
agency.
 
Registered Organization is any registered organization as defined in 
the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made
 
 Responsible Officer is any of the Chief Executive Officer, President, 
Chief Financial Officer and Controller of Borrower
 
Second Bridge Loan Advance is defined in Section 2.1.1.
 
Second Draw Period is the period of time commencing upon on February 1, 
2008 through the earliest to occur of (a) Bridge Loan Maturity Date, and 
(b) an Event of Default.
 
Securities Account is any securities account as defined in the Code 
with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.
 
 Subordinated Debt is indebtedness incurred by Borrower subordinated to 
all of Borrowers now or hereafter indebtedness to Bank (pursuant to a 
subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement in form and 
substance satisfactory to Bank entered into between Bank and the other 
creditor), on terms acceptable to Bank.
 
Subsidiary is, with respect to any Person, any Person of which more than 
50% of the voting stock or other equity interests (in the case of Persons 
other than corporations) is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
such Person or one or more Affiliates of such Person.
 
 Transfer is defined in Section 7.1.
 
US Bancorp Collateral means the Equipment (as defined in that certain 
Lease Agreement by and between US Bancorp Business Equipment Finance Group 
and Borrower, dated on or around August 26, 2005, as amended), and the 
proceeds thereof.
 
 Warrant is that certain Warrant to Purchase Stock dated as of the 
Effective Date executed by Borrower in favor of Bank.
 
Signature page follows.
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed as a sealed instrument under the laws of the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts as of the Effective Date.
 
BORROWER:
 
BG MEDICINE, INC.
 
By
  /s/ Mark D. Shooman
 
Name:
 Mark D. Shooman
 
Title:
 CFO
 
 
 
 
BANK:
 
 
 
 
 
SILICON VALLEY BANK
 
 
 
 
 
By
 /s/ Clark Hayes
 
Name:
 Clark Hayes
 
Title:
  RM
 
 
[Signature page to Loan and Security Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
The Collateral consists of all of Borrowers right, title and interest in 
and to the following personal property:
 
All Accounts (including health-care receivables), Inventory, contract 
rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise 
agreements, General Intangibles, commercial tort claims, documents, 
instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether 
tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts, all certificates of 
deposit, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of 
credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment 
property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned 
or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and
 
All Borrowers Books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, 
rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, 
additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and 
replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of 
the foregoing.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral does not include any of the 
following: (a) the HRP Account, (b) GE Collateral, (c) De Lage Collateral, 
(e) Oracle Collateral, and the (d) US Bancorp Collateral.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT B
Loan Payment/Advance Request Form
DEADLINE FOR SAME DAY PROCESSING IS NOON E.S.T.*
 
Fax To:
 
      Date:
 
 
LOAN PAYMENT:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BG Medicine, Inc.
From Account #
 
 
 
To Account #
 
 
 
(Deposit Account #)
 
 
 
  
  
  (Loan Account #)
 
Principal $
 
 
 
and/or Interest $
 
 
Authorized Signature:
 
 
 
    Phone Number:
  
  
Print Name/Title:
 
 
 
 
LOAN ADVANCE:
 
 
Complete Outgoing Wire Request section below if all or a portion of the 
funds from this loan advance are for an outgoing wire.
From Account #
 
 
 
To Account #
 
 
 
(Loan Account #)
 
 
 
(Deposit Account #)
 
Amount of Advance $
 
 
 
 
All Borrowers representations and warranties in the Loan and Security 
Agreement are true, correct and complete in all material respects on the 
date of the request for an advance; provided, however, that such 
materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and 
warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the 
text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and 
warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate 
and complete in all material respects as of such date:
Authorized Signature:
 
 
 
Phone Number:
 
 
Print Name/Title:
 
 
 
 
OUTGOING WIRE REQUEST:
 
 
Complete only if all or a portion of funds from the loan advance above is 
to be wired.
Deadline for same day processing is noon, E.S.T.
 
 
Beneficiary Name:
 
 
 
Amount of Wire: $
 
 
Beneficiary Bank:
 
 
 
Account Number:
 
 
City and State:
 
 
 
 
Beneficiary Bank Transit (ABA) #:
 
 
Beneficiary Bank Code (Swift, Sort, Chip, etc.):
 
 
 
 
(For International Wire Only)
Intermediary Bank:
 
 
Transit (ABA) #:
 
 
For Further Credit to:
 
 
Special Instruction:
 
 
By signing below, I (we) acknowledge and agree that my (our) funds transfer 
request shall be processed in accordance with and subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth in the agreements(s) covering funds transfer 
service(s), which agreements(s) were previously received and executed by me 
(us).
Authorized Signature:
 
 
 
2nd Signature (if required):
 
 
Print Name/Title:
 
 
 
Print Name/Title:
 
 
Telephone #:
 
 
 
Telephone #:
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Unless otherwise provided for an Advance bearing interest at LIBOR.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

