 EX-10.16 4 a07-26098_1ex10d16.htm EX-10.16
Exhibit 10.16
 
OPTION AGREEMENT
 
THIS OPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of 
August 31, 2007, by and among Barrington Traverse City LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (together with its successors and permitted 
assigns, Option Holder), Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (together with its successors and permitted assigns, 
the Company), and Tucker Media and Management Consulting L.L.C., a 
Delaware limited liability company (together with its successors and 
permitted assigns, Grantor).
 
WITNESSETH
 
WHEREAS, Option Holder is a party to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement 
(the Station Purchase Agreement), dated as of the date hereof, by and 
among Max Media of Traverse City LLC, MTC License LLC (collectively, 
Sellers) and Option Holder, pursuant to which Option Holder has agreed to 
purchase certain assets of the Sellers related to the television broadcast 
stations WGTU, channel 29, Traverse City, Michigan (WGTU) and WGTQ, 
channel 8, Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan (WGTQ and together with WGTU, the 
Stations) each serving the Traverse City/Cadillac, Michigan market;
 
WHEREAS, Grantor owns 100% of the issued and outstanding common stock, par 
value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company;
 
WHEREAS, Option Holder and the Company are parties to that certain 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment Agreement), dated as 
of the date hereof, pursuant to which Option Holder has assigned certain of 
its rights under the Station Purchase Agreement to the Company, including 
the right to purchase the Purchased Assets (as such term is defined in the 
Station Purchase Agreement);
 
WHEREAS, effective upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the 
Station Purchase Agreement (the Station Closing), Grantor and the Company 
desire to grant Option Holder an option to purchase, at Option Holders 
election, (i) all of the Common Stock of the Company or (ii) all of the 
Companys assets relating to the Stations, including the Purchased Assets, 
in either case on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and
 
WHEREAS, Option Holder desires to acquire from Grantor and the Company an 
option to purchase, at Option Holders election, (i) all of the Common 
Stock of the Company or (ii) all of the Companys assets relating to the 
Stations, including the Purchased Assets, in either case on the terms and 
conditions set forth herein.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
hereinafter set forth, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as 
follows:
 
1.             Option Grant. Grantor hereby gives, grants, transfers and 
conveys to Option Holder, and its successors and assigns, the sole and 
exclusive right, privilege and option to purchase (the Option), on the 
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth and effective as of the Station 
Closing, at Option Holders election, (i) all of the Common Stock of the 
Company now held or hereinafter acquired by Grantor (collectively, the 
Subject Shares), or (ii) all of the tangible and intangible personal 
property, licenses, authorizations and leases, contracts and
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
agreements, owned or held by Grantor or the Company or in which Grantor or 
the Company holds an interest, relating to the operation of the Stations, 
including the property described below (and collectively referred to as the 
Assets):
 
(a)           All of the Purchased Assets;
 
(b)           All of the licenses, construction permits and other 
authorizations issued by the FCC for the operation of the Stations, 
including any renewals, extensions or modifications thereof and additions 
thereto between the date hereof and the Option Closing (collectively, the 
FCC Licenses);
 
(c)           All other licenses, permits, construction permits, approvals, 
concessions, franchises, certificates, consents, qualifications, 
registrations, privileges and other authorizations and other rights, from 
any governmental authority to Grantor or the Company used in connection 
with the Stations, including any renewals, extensions or modifications 
thereof and additions thereto between the Station Closing and the Option 
Closing (collectively, the Permits);
 
(d)           All of the tangible personal property owned by Grantor or the 
Company as of the Station Closing or thereafter acquired by Grantor or the 
Company and used or useful in the operation of the Stations;
 
(e)           All of the intangible personal property owned by Grantor or 
the Company relating to or used in connection with the operation of the 
Stations as of the Station Closing or thereafter acquired by Grantor or the 
Company and used or useful in the operation of the Stations, exclusive of 
all cash on-hand of Grantor or the Company and any payments due to the 
Company under the JSA;
 
(f)            Grantors and the Companys rights and duties under the 
Station Purchase Agreement; and
 
(g)           All of the contracts, leases and other agreements relating to 
the ownership and operation of the Stations.
 
2.             Consideration for Option. This Option is granted for the 
Option Period (as the same may be extended pursuant to Section 3 hereof) in 
return for, among other consideration, the payment by Option Holder to 
Grantor of an amount equal to Five Thousand Five Hundred Dollars 
($5,500.00), which shall be due and payable on the date of the Station 
Closing.
 
3.             Option Period. The Option shall be effective commencing on 
the date hereof (the Effective Date) and ending on the eighth anniversary 
of the Effective Date (the Option Period); provided, however, that the 
Option Period shall be extended automatically without any further action by 
Option Holder, Grantor or the Company if the Joint Sales Agreement (as the 
same may be amended from time to time, the JSA), dated as of the date 
hereof, by and between Option Holder and the Company, shall be renewed and, 
thereafter, the Option Period shall continue until the JSA is terminated in 
accordance with its terms. The Option may be exercised by Option Holder at 
any time during the Option Period.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
4.             Exercise of Option; Withdrawal.
 
(a)           Option Holder may exercise the Option at any time during the 
Option Period by delivery of written notice thereof (the Exercise Notice
) to Grantor, specifying whether Option Holder is exercising the Option 
with respect to the Subject Shares or the Assets. Upon exercise of the 
Option, Option Holder, Grantor and the Company shall be obligated to enter 
into the transactions to be consummated hereunder at the Option Closing, 
subject to the provisions of Sections 9 and 10 hereof, and Section 4(b) 
below.
 
(b)           Option Holder may withdraw any Exercise Notice prior to the 
Option Closing by written notice to Grantor of such withdrawal. No such 
withdrawal (and no withdrawal of any subsequent Exercise Notice) will 
affect Option Holders right subsequently to exercise the Option by 
delivering to Grantor during the Option Period one or more other Exercise 
Notices.
 
5.             Purchase of Subject Shares or Assets.
 
(a)           Purchase Price. At the Option Closing, and pursuant to the 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Option 
Holder shall pay to Grantor an amount equal to the Cash Purchase Price by 
federal wire transfer of same-day funds pursuant to wire instructions 
delivered to Option Holder by Grantor at least two business days prior to 
the Closing Date (or such other method of funds transfer as may be agreed 
upon by Option Holder and Grantor). The Cash Purchase Price shall be (i) 
in the event Option Holder exercises the Option with respect to the Assets, 
an amount equal to the sum of (x) the Base Value (as defined in Schedule 
5(a) hereto) and (y) the Escalation Amount (as defined and calculated 
pursuant to Schedule 5(a) hereto), or (ii) in the event Option Holder 
exercises the Option with respect to the Subject Shares, an amount equal to 
(A) the sum of (x) the Base Value and (y) the Escalation Amount less (B) 
Outstanding Debt (as defined in Schedule 5(a) hereto).
 
(b)           Purchase of Subject Shares. Subject to Section 4(b), upon the 
exercise of the Option with respect to the Subject Shares, Grantor shall, 
on the Closing Date, deliver any and all stock certificates representing 
the Subject Shares, duly endorsed for transfer to Option Holder, together 
with appropriate stock powers duly endorsed for transfer to Option Holder.
 
(c)           Purchase of Assets.
 
       (i)            Transfer of Assets. Subject to Section 4(b), upon the
       exercise of the Option with respect to the Assets, Grantor and the
       Company shall, on the Closing Date, sell, assign, transfer, convey
       and deliver to Option Holder all right, title and interest of
       Grantor and the Company in and to the Assets free and clear of
       liens, claims and encumbrances (Liens), except for Assumed
       Obligations, liens for taxes not yet due and payable and any other
       liens expressly identified and agreed to by the parties in writing
       (collectively, Permitted Liens).
        
       (ii)           Excluded Assets. Except for those assets specifically
       identified in Section 1, the Assets shall not include any other
       assets, properties, interests or rights of any kind or description
       (the Excluded Assets). The Excluded Assets shall remain the
       property of Grantor or the Company, as the case may be.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
       (iii)          Assumption of Obligations. On the Closing Date,
       Option Holder shall assume and undertake to pay, discharge and
       perform all obligations of Grantor or the Company, as the case may
       be, as the holder of the Permits and the FCC Licenses, including all
       obligations to make all required FCC filings with respect thereto,
       and as the owner of the other Assets, including all leases and
       contracts included in such Assets, to the extent such obligations
       arise out of events occurring on or after the Closing Date (the 
       Assumed Obligations).
        
       (iv)          Excluded Obligations. Option Holder does not assume or
       agree to discharge or perform, and will not be deemed by reason of
       the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of
       the transactions contemplated hereby, to have assumed or to have
       agreed to discharge or perform, and Grantor and the Company shall
       remain liable for, any liabilities, obligations or commitments of
       Grantor and the Company arising from the business or operation of
       the Stations before the Closing Date and any other obligations or
       liabilities other than the Assumed Obligations.
        
       (v)           Allocation. Option Holder, Grantor and the Company
       will allocate the Cash Purchase Price in accordance with the
       respective fair market values of the Assets and the goodwill being
       purchased and sold in accordance with the requirements of Section
       1060 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The
       allocation shall be determined by mutual agreement of the parties.
       Option Holder, Grantor and the Company agree to file their federal
       income tax returns and their other tax returns reflecting such
       allocation and to use such allocation for accounting and financial
       reporting purposes.
        
(d)           Closing. Upon the exercise of the Option, the consummation of 
the sale and purchase of the Subject Shares or the Assets, as the case may 
be, provided for in this Agreement (the Option Closing) shall take place 
no later than ten business days after the satisfaction or, to the extent 
permissible by law, the waiver (by the party for whose benefit the closing 
condition is imposed) of, the conditions specified in Sections 9 and 10 
hereof. Alternatively, the Option Closing may take place at such other 
place, time or date as the parties may mutually agree upon in writing. The 
date on which the Option Closing is to occur is referred to herein as the 
Closing Date.
 
6.             Representations and Warranties of Grantor and the Company. 
Grantor and the Company, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to 
Option Holder as follows; provided, however, that neither Grantor nor the 
Company make any representation or warranty as to any action, event, 
occurrence or circumstance that (i) was or shall be caused by Option Holder 
or that arose, or shall arise from any omission by Option Holder to perform 
its obligations under the JSA or the Shared Services Agreement (the SSA
), dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and Option 
Holder, or (ii) constitutes a breach by Sellers of a representation or 
warranty of Sellers under the Station Purchase Agreement:
 
(a)           The Company was organized as a Delaware corporation on August 
21, 2007. Prior to the date hereof, the Company has not engaged in any 
business and does not have any liabilities or obligations, except those 
liabilities and obligations incurred in connection with
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
its organization, the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of 
this Agreement, the Station Purchase Agreement, the Assignment Agreement, 
the Letter Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the JSA and the SSA and the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and incidental expenses 
incurred in connection therewith. The Company has no indebtedness for 
borrowed money, other than indebtedness incurred in connection with the 
performance of the Companys obligations pursuant to the Station Purchase 
Agreement pursuant to a credit agreement or other financing arrangement 
contemplated by that certain Commitment Letter, dated as of August 31, 
2007, from Banc of America Securities LLC, Wachovia Bank, National 
Association, Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and CIT Lending Services 
Corporation in favor of Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc., or any 
other financing arrangement provided by, or entered into with, Pilot Group 
L.P. or an Affiliate thereof (an Acquisition Financing Arrangement).
 
(b)           Each of Grantor and the Company has the power and authority 
and full legal capacity to enter into and to perform its obligations under 
this Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
by each of Grantor and the Company has been duly authorized and this 
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each of Grantor and 
the Company enforceable against each of them in accordance with it terms, 
except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws 
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general and subject to 
general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is 
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
 
(c)           As of the Option Closing, Grantor owns 100% of the Subject 
Shares and Grantor has good and valid title to the Subject Shares free and 
clear of all liens. All of the Subject Shares have been duly authorized and 
are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Other than the Subject 
Shares or pursuant to an Acquisition Financing Transaction, no class of 
interests in or equity interests of the Company is outstanding, and there 
are no outstanding subscriptions, warrants, options, calls, commitments or 
other rights to purchase or acquire, or securities convertible into or 
exchangeable for, any equity or debt interests of the Company or any 
obligation of the Company to issue or grant any thereof.
 
(d)           As of the Option Closing, the Company has good and marketable 
title to the Assets free and clear of all liens other than liens for taxes 
not yet due and payable and liens that will be discharged at or prior to 
the Option Closing.
 
(e)           As of the Closing Date, the Company is the holder of the FCC 
Licenses and such FCC Licenses are valid and in full force and effect.
 
(f)            As of the Closing Date, Grantor and the Company shall have 
filed all material returns, reports, and statements that Grantor or the 
Company, as the case may be, is required to file with the FCC and the 
Federal Aviation Administration. Except as set forth on Schedule 6(f) 
hereto, (i) there is no action, suit or proceeding pending or, to Grantors 
knowledge, threatened in writing against Grantor or the Company in respect 
of the Stations seeking to enjoin the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement; and (ii) to Grantors knowledge, there are no governmental 
claims or investigations pending or threatened against Grantor or the 
Company in respect of the Stations (except those affecting the broadcasting 
industry generally).
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(g)           No broker, finder or other person is entitled to a 
commission, brokerage fee or other similar payment in connection with this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as a result of any 
agreement or action of Grantor or the Company or any other party acting on 
Grantors or the Companys behalf.
 
The parties agree that Schedule 6(f) hereto may be updated by Grantor as of 
the Closing Date.
 
7.             Representations and Warranties of Option Holder. Option 
Holder represents and warrants to Grantor and the Company as follows:
 
(a)           Option Holder is a limited liability company duly formed, 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of 
Delaware.
 
(b)           Option Holder has the power and authority to enter into and 
perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 
(c)           The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by 
Option Holder has been duly authorized and this Agreement constitutes a 
valid and binding obligation of Option Holder enforceable against it in 
accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar laws affecting creditors rights in general and 
subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such 
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
 
(d)           No broker, finder or other person is entitled to a 
commission, brokerage fee or other similar payment in connection with this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as a result of any 
agreement or action of Option Holder or any party acting on Option Holders 
behalf.
 
8.             Covenants of Grantor and the Company  During the Option 
Period, and subject to the JSA and SSA, and the performance by Option 
Holder of its obligations thereunder, Grantor and the Company, jointly and 
severally, covenant to:
 
(a)           Maintain insurance on the Assets and with respect to the 
operation of the Stations in such amounts and in such nature as in effect 
on the date hereof;
 
(b)           Operate the Stations in all material respects in accordance 
with the terms of the FCC Licenses, the Communications Act of 1934, as 
amended (the Communications Act), the rules and published policies of the 
FCC (FCC Rules) and all other statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations 
of governmental authorities;
 
(c)           Refrain from taking any action that would cause the FCC 
Licenses not to be in full force and effect or to be revoked, suspended, 
cancelled, rescinded, terminated or expired;
 
(d)           File all material returns, reports, and statements that 
Grantor or the Company, as the case may be, is required to file with the 
FCC and the Federal Aviation Administration;
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(e)           Other than pursuant to an Acquisition Financing Arrangement, 
not mortgage, pledge, subject to any lien or otherwise encumber (or cause 
any of the foregoing to occur) any of the Assets or Subject Shares or any 
other outstanding equity interests or assets of Grantor or the Company;
 
(f)            Not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of the Assets in 
a manner that is inconsistent with this Agreement, except for properties 
and assets sold or replaced with others of like kind and value in the 
ordinary course of business; and
 
(g)           Not issue any subscription, warrant, option, calls, 
commitments or other rights to purchase or acquire any equity or debt 
interests, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any 
equity or debt interests, of Grantor or the Company (other than pursuant to 
an Acquisition Financing Arrangement).
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, to the extent 
that the obligations of Grantor or the Company hereunder would require the 
incurrence of an Other Expense as defined in the JSA, such obligation or 
covenant shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the JSA.
 
9.             Grantor and the Company Closing Conditions.
 
Subject to the exercise of the Option pursuant to the terms and subject to 
the conditions of this Agreement, the obligations of Grantor and the 
Company hereunder are subject to satisfaction or waiver, at or prior to the 
Option Closing, of each of the following conditions:
 
(a)           Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The 
representations and warranties of Option Holder made in this Agreement 
shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as of the Closing 
Date except for changes permitted or contemplated by the terms of this 
Agreement, and the covenants and agreements to be complied with and 
performed by Option Holder at or prior to the Option Closing shall have 
been complied with or performed in all material respects. Grantor shall 
have received a certificate dated as of the Closing Date from Option 
Holder, executed by an authorized officer of Option Holder, to the effect 
that the conditions set forth in this Section 9(a) have been satisfied.
 
(b)           FCC Consent. The FCC Consent shall have been obtained and be 
in effect and no court or governmental order prohibiting the Option Closing 
shall be in effect.
 
(c)           No Prohibitions. No injunction, restraining order or decree 
of any nature of any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction shall 
be in effect that restrains or prohibits any party from consummating the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
10.          Option Holder Closing Conditions.
 
Subject to the exercise of the Option pursuant the terms and subject to the 
conditions of this Agreement, the obligations of Option Holder hereunder 
are subject to satisfaction or waiver, at or prior to the Option Closing, 
of each of the following conditions:
 
(a)           Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The 
representations and warranties of Grantor and the Company made in this 
Agreement shall be true and correct in all
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
material respects at and as of the Closing Date except for changes 
permitted or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement, and the covenants 
and agreements to be complied with and performed by Grantor and the Company 
at or prior to the Option Closing shall have been complied with or 
performed in all material respects. Option Holder shall have received 
certificates dated as of the Closing Date from each of the Company and 
Grantor, executed by an authorized officer of each of the Company and 
Grantor to the effect that the conditions set forth in this Section 10(a) 
have been satisfied.
 
(b)           FCC Consent. The FCC Consent shall have been obtained and 
constitute a Final Order, and no court or governmental order prohibiting 
the Option Closing shall be in effect. For purposes hereof, Final Order 
shall mean an action by the FCC or other regulatory authority having 
jurisdiction (i) with respect to which action no timely request for stay, 
motion or petition for reconsideration or rehearing, application or request 
for review or notice of appeal or other judicial petition for review is 
pending and (ii) as to which the time for filing any such request, motion, 
petition, application, appeal or notice and for entry of orders staying, 
reconsidering or reviewing on the FCCs or such other regulatory 
authoritys own motion has expired.
 
(c)           No Prohibitions. No injunction, restraining order or decree 
of any nature of any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction shall 
be in effect that restrains or prohibits any party from consummating the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
11.          Closing Deliveries.
 
(a)           Purchase of Subject Shares.
 
       (i)            Grantor Documents. Subject to the exercise of the
       Option with respect to the Subject Shares pursuant to the terms and
       subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at the Option Closing
       Grantor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Option Holder:
        
           (A)          certified copies of resolutions authorizing the
           execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, including
           the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, by
           Grantor;
            
           (B)           the certificates described in Section 10(a)
           hereof;
            
           (C)           all stock certificates representing the Subject
           Shares, duly endorsed for transfer to Option Holder accompanied
           by appropriate stock powers duly endorsed for transfer to Option
           Holder;
            
           (D)          a certificate from the Secretary of State of the
           State of Delaware as to the Companys good standing and payment
           of all taxes in such jurisdiction dated within three days of the
           Closing Date; and
            
           (E)           such other documents, certificates, payments,
           assignments, transfers and other deliveries as Option Holder may
           reasonably request
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            and as are customary to effect a closing of the matters herein
            contemplated.
            
       (ii)           Option Holder Documents. Subject to the exercise of
       the Option with respect to the Subject Shares pursuant to the terms
       and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at the Option
       Closing Option Holder shall deliver or cause to be delivered to
       Grantor:
        
           (A)          the certificate described in Section 9(a) hereof;
            
           (B)           the Cash Purchase Price; and
            
           (C)           such other documents, certificates, payments,
           assignments, transfers and other deliveries as Grantor may
           reasonably request and as are customary to effect a closing of
           the matters herein contemplated.
            
(b)           Purchase of Assets.
 
       (i)            Grantor Documents. Subject to the exercise of the
       Option with respect to the Assets pursuant to the terms and subject
       to the conditions of this Agreement, at the Option Closing Grantor
       and the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Option
       Holder:
        
           (A)          certified copies of resolutions authorizing the
           execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, including
           the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, by
           Grantor and the Company;
            
           (B)           the certificates described in Section 10(a) hereof
            
           (C)           the Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the
           form attached hereto as Exhibit A;
            
           (D)          the Assignment and Assumption Agreement FCC
           Licenses in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B; and
            
           (E)           such other bills of sale, assignments and other
           instruments of conveyance, assignment and transfer as may be
           necessary to convey, transfer and assign to Option Holder the
           Assets, free and clear of Liens, except for Permitted Liens.
            
       (ii)           Option Holder Documents. Subject to the exercise of
       the Option with respect to the Assets pursuant to the terms and
       subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at the Option Closing
       Option Holder shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Grantor and
       the Company:
        
           (A)          the certificate described in Section 9(a) hereof;
            
           (B)           the Cash Purchase Price;
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
           (C)           the Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the
           form attached hereto as Exhibit A;
            
           (D)          the Assignment and Assumption Agreement FCC
           Licenses in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B; and
            
           (E)           such other documents and instruments of assumption
           as may be necessary to assume the Assumed Obligations.
            
12.          Survival; Indemnification.
 
(a)           Survival. The representations and warranties in this 
Agreement shall survive the Option Closing for twelve months after the 
Closing Date, whereupon they shall expire and be of no further force or 
effect, except those under this Section 12 that relate to Damages for which 
written notice is given by the Indemnified Party to the Indemnifying Party 
prior to the expiration, which shall survive until resolved.
 
(b)           Indemnification.
 
        (i)            Subject to the limitations set forth in Section
        12(c) below, from and after the Option Closing, Grantor shall
        defend, indemnify and hold harmless Option Holder from and against
        any and all losses, costs, damages, claims, suits, actions,
        judgments, liabilities and expenses, including reasonable
        attorneys fees and expenses (Damages), incurred by Option Holder
        arising out of or resulting from (A) any material inaccuracy in, or
        breach or nonfulfillment of, any of the representations,
        warranties, covenants or agreements made by Grantor or the Company
        in this Agreement or default by Grantor or the Company under this
        Agreement, or (B) in the case of the sale of the Assets,
        obligations or liabilities of Grantor or the Company regarding the
        Stations other than the Assumed Obligations.
         
        (ii)           From and after the Option Closing, Option Holder
        shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Grantor from and against
        any and all Damages incurred by Grantor arising out of or resulting
        from (A) any material inaccuracy in, or breach or nonfulfillment
        of, any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
        made by Option Holder in this Agreement or default by Option Holder
        under this Agreement; (B) the Assumed Obligations, in the case of
        the sale of the Assets, or the business or operations of the
        Stations after the Closing Date; and (C) any taxes owed by Option
        Holder for any period following the Closing Date.
         
        (iii)          From and after the date hereof, Option Holder shall
        defend, indemnify and hold harmless Grantor from and against any
        and all Damages incurred by Grantor arising out of or resulting
        from (A) in the case of the sale of the Assets, the performance of
        the Companys obligations under the Station Purchase Agreement
        (without limiting the obligation of the Company pursuant to the
        terms and subject to the conditions of that certain letter
        agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the parties to
        this Agreement (the Letter
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Agreement)), (B) the business or operations of the Stations during
        the period prior to the Station Closing, (C) any act or omission,
        event or occurrence that was or shall be caused by Option Holder,
        its agents or affiliates (including any predecessor in interest
        thereto) relating to the business or operations of Option Holder or
        the Stations, (D) the operation of the Stations or the conduct of
        the business thereof from and after the Station Closing and
        continuing through the Option Period and any extensions thereof
        (including without limitation in connection with any fines or
        penalties imposed by the FCC), except to the extent arising from,
        relating to, or as a result of the actions or omissions of
        Grantors employees and representatives in performing their duties,
        or in acting outside the scope of their employment, with respect to
        the operation of the Stations during the Option Period and any
        extensions thereof, which actions or omissions constitute willful
        misconduct or gross negligence, and (E) the negotiation and the
        document preparation and execution relating to the Station Purchase
        Agreement, the Assignment Agreement, this Agreement, the JSA, the
        SSA and the Letter Agreement and any amendments thereto; provided, 
        however, that this paragraph (iii) shall not extend to Damages to
        the extent arising out of or resulting from a breach by Grantor or
        the Company of their representations, warranties, covenants or
        agreements in this Agreement, the Assignment Agreement, the Letter
        Agreement or the Station Purchase Agreement or from the gross
        negligence or willful misconduct of Grantor or the Company or any
        of their employees, agents or affiliates.
         
        (iv)          Indemnification Procedures. If any person entitled to
        indemnification under this Agreement (an Indemnified Party)
        asserts a claim for indemnification for, or receives notice of the
        assertion or commencement of any action, suit, claim or legal,
        administrative, arbitration, mediation, governmental or other
        proceeding or investigation, other than any brought by a party to
        this Agreement or an Affiliate of a party to this Agreement (a 
        Third Party Claim) as to which such Indemnified Party intends to
        seek indemnification under this Agreement, such Indemnified Party
        shall give reasonably prompt written notice of such claim to the
        party from whom indemnification is to be sought (an Indemnifying
        Party), together with a statement of any available information
        regarding such claim. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right,
        upon written notice to the Indemnified Party (the Defense Notice
        ) within fifteen (15) days after receipt from the Indemnified
        Party of notice of such claim, to conduct at its expense the
        defense against such Third Party Claim in its own name, or if
        necessary in the name of the Indemnified Party (which notice shall
        specify the counsel the Indemnifying Party will appoint to defend
        such claim (Defense Counsel); provided, however, that the
        Indemnified Party shall have the right to approve the Defense
        Counsel, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
        delayed). The parties hereto agree to cooperate fully with each
        other in connection with the defense, negotiation or settlement of
        any Third Party Claim. If the Indemnifying Party delivers a Defense
        Notice to the Indemnified Party, the Indemnified Party will
        cooperate with and make available to the Indemnifying Party such
        assistance and materials as may be reasonably requested by the
        Indemnifying Party, all at the expense of the Indemnifying Party.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (v)           If the Indemnifying Party shall fail to give a
        Defense Notice, it shall be deemed to have elected not to conduct
        the defense of the subject Third Party Claim, and in such event the
        Indemnified Party shall have the right to conduct such defense in
        good faith. If the Indemnified Party defends any Third Party Claim,
        then the Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnified Party
        for the costs and expenses of defending such Third Party Claim upon
        submission of periodic bills. If the Indemnifying Party elects to
        conduct the defense of the subject Third Party Claim, the
        Indemnified Party may participate, at his or its own expense, in
        the defense of such Third Party Claim; provided, however, that such
        Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in any such
        defense with separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying
        Party if (A) so requested by the Indemnifying Party to participate
        or (B) in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the Indemnified
        Party, a conflict or potential conflict exists between the
        Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party that would make such
        separate representation advisable; and provided, further, that the
        Indemnifying Party shall not be required to pay for more than one
        counsel for all Indemnified Parties in connection with any Third
        Party Claim.
         
        (vi)          Regardless of which party defends a Third Party
        Claim, the other party shall have the right at its expense to
        participate in the defense of such Third Party Claim, assisted by
        counsel of its own choosing. The Indemnified Party shall not
        compromise, settle, default on, or admit liability with respect to
        a Third Party Claim without the prior written consent of the
        Indemnifying Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
        withheld or delayed, and, if the Indemnified Party settles,
        compromises, defaults on, or admits liability with respect to a
        Third Party Claim except in compliance with the foregoing, the
        Indemnified Party will be liable for all Losses paid or incurred in
        connection therewith and the Indemnifying Party shall have no
        obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Party with respect thereto.
        The Indemnifying Party shall not compromise or settle a Third Party
        Claim without the consent of the Indemnified Party, which consent
        shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, unless such
        compromise or settlement includes as a term thereof an
        unconditional release of the Indemnified Party and such compromise
        or release does not impose any non-monetary obligations on the
        Indemnified Party other than immaterial administrative obligations
        (and all monetary obligations are subject to the indemnification
        provisions of this Agreement), in which case the consent of the
        Indemnified Party shall not be required.
         
        (vii)         After any final decision, judgment or award shall
        have been rendered by a court or governmental entity of competent
        jurisdiction and the expiration of the time in which to appeal
        therefrom, or after a settlement shall have been consummated, or
        after the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party shall have
        arrived at a mutually binding agreement with respect to a Third
        Party Claim hereunder, the Indemnified Party shall deliver to the
        Indemnifying Party notice of any sums due and owing by the
        Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Agreement with respect to such
        matter and the Indemnifying Party shall be required to pay all of
        the sums so due and owing to the Indemnified Party by wire
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        transfer of immediately available funds within ten (10) business
        days after the date of such notice.
         
        (viii)        It is the intent of the parties that all direct
        claims by an Indemnified Party against a party not arising out of
        Third Party Claims shall be subject to and benefit from the terms
        of this Section 12(b). Any claim under this Section 12(b) by an
        Indemnified Party for indemnification other than indemnification
        against a Third Party Claim (a Direct Claim) will be asserted by
        giving the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written notice
        thereof, and the Indemnifying Party will have a period of 20 days
        within which to satisfy such Direct Claim. If the Indemnifying
        Party does not so respond within such 20 day period, the
        Indemnifying Party will be deemed to have rejected such claim, in
        which event the Indemnified Party will be free to pursue such
        remedies as may be available to the Indemnified Party under this
        Section 12(b).
         
        (ix)           A failure by an Indemnified Party to give timely,
        complete, or accurate notice as provided in this Section 12(b)
        shall not affect the rights or obligations of either party
        hereunder except to the extent that, as a result of such failure,
        any party entitled to receive such notice was deprived of its right
        to recover any payment under its applicable insurance coverage or
        was otherwise materially adversely affected or damaged as a result
        of such failure to give timely, complete, and accurate notice.
         
        (x)            The parties shall use their commercially reasonable
        efforts to collect the proceeds of any insurance that would have
        the effect of reducing any Damages (in which case such proceeds
        shall reduce such Losses). To the extent any Damages of an
        Indemnified Party are reduced by receipt of payment under insurance
        policies or from third parties not affiliated with the Indemnified
        Party, such payments (net of the expenses of the recovery thereof)
        shall be credited against such Damages and, if indemnification
        payments shall have been received prior to the collection of such
        proceeds, the Indemnified Party shall remit to the Indemnifying
        Party the amount of such proceeds (net of the cost of collection
        thereof) to the extent of indemnification payments received in
        respect of such Losses. The indemnification obligations hereunder
        shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
         
(c)           NEITHER PARTY HERETO SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (EVEN IF 
SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES).
 
13.          Specific Performance. Grantor, the Company and Option Holder 
acknowledge and agree that, due to the unique nature of the subject matter 
of this Agreement, Option Holder would suffer irreparable damages in the 
event of breach of this Agreement, which damages could not adequately be 
compensated except by specific performance of this Agreement. Accordingly, 
without limiting any other remedy that may be available to Option Holder at 
law or equity, in the event of a breach by Grantor or the Company of this 
Agreement, it is agreed that Option Holder
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief, including, 
but not limited to, specific performance hereof, without any showing of 
actual damage or inadequacy of legal remedy, in any proceeding before a 
court of law with proper jurisdiction to hear the matter, which may be 
brought to enforce this Agreement. Grantor and the Company hereby waive any 
defense that there is an adequate remedy at law for such breach of this 
Agreement.
 
14.          Expenses. Option Holder agrees to reimburse Grantor, within 
fifteen days of invoicing with reasonable documentation, for its reasonable 
and customary fees, costs and out-of-pocket expenses, including filing fees 
and reasonable and customary attorneys fees, incurred in connection with 
the performance of its covenants and obligations hereunder; provided, 
however, that, for the avoidance of doubt, Option Holder shall have no 
reimbursement obligation with respect to claims, actions or proceedings 
brought by or on behalf of Grantor against Option Holder.
 
15.          Further Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement, each of the parties hereto will use all commercially 
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, 
or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under 
applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
16.          Amendment and Modification. This Agreement may be amended, 
modified or supplemented only by written agreement of Grantor, the Company 
and Option Holder.
 
17.          Waiver of Compliance; Consents. Except as otherwise provided 
in this Agreement, any failure of any of the parties to comply with any 
obligation, representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or condition 
herein may be waived by the party entitled to the benefits thereof only by 
a written instrument signed by the party granting such waiver, but such 
waiver or failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation, 
representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or condition shall not 
operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or 
other failure. Whenever this Agreement requires or permits consent by or on 
behalf of any party hereto, such consent shall be given in writing in a 
manner consistent with the requirements for a waiver of compliances as set 
forth in this Section 17.
 
18.          Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other 
communications which are required or may be given pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement shall be in written or electronic form, and shall be deemed 
delivered (a) on the date of delivery when (i) delivered by hand or (ii) 
sent by reputable overnight courier maintaining records of receipt and (b) 
on the date of transmission when sent by facsimile or other electronic 
transmission during normal business hours with confirmation of transmission 
by the transmitting equipment; provided, however, that any such 
communication delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall 
only be effective if such communication is also delivered by hand or 
deposited with a reputable overnight courier maintaining records of receipt 
within two business days after its delivery by facsimile or other 
electronic transmission. All such communications shall be addressed to the 
parties at the address set forth in Exhibit C, or at such other address as 
a party may designate upon ten days prior written notice to the other 
party.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
19.          Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof 
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and 
their respective successors and permitted assigns, but, except as provided 
for herein, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or 
obligations hereunder shall be assigned by Grantor or the Company without 
the prior written consent of Option Holder, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. Without the consent of Grantor and the Company, 
Option Holder may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to 
any other party or parties; provided, however, that Option Holder, as 
assignor, shall not thereby be released of its obligations hereunder.
 
20.          No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly provided 
herein, this Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, confer upon any 
other person except the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.
 
21.          Governing Law. The construction and performance of this 
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without 
giving effect to the choice of law provisions thereof.
 
22.          Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the 
application thereof to any person or circumstance shall be invalid or 
unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement and the 
application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not 
be affected thereby and shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted 
by law so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions 
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any 
party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid 
or enforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify 
this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as 
closely as possible in any acceptable manner to the end that the 
transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the greatest extent 
possible.
 
23.          Publicity. None of Grantor, the Company or Option Holder shall 
make or issue or cause to be made or issued, any announcement (written or 
oral) concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby for 
dissemination to the general public without the prior consent of the other 
party. This provision shall not apply, however, to any announcement or 
written statement required to be made by law or the regulations of any 
federal or state governmental agency or any stock exchange, except that the 
party required to make such announcement shall provide a draft copy thereof 
to the other party hereto, and consult with such other party concerning the 
timing and content of such announcement, before such announcement is made.
 
24.          FCC Approval.
 
(a)           Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, Option 
Holders rights under this Agreement are subject to the Communications Act 
and the FCC Rules.
 
(b)           As soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 
five business days after Option Holders delivery of the Exercise Notice, 
the parties shall file an application (the Consent Application) with the 
FCC requesting the FCCs written consent to (i) the assignment of the FCC 
Licenses from the Company to Option Holder or (ii) the transfer of
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
control of the Company from Grantor to Option Holder, as the case may be, 
including, as applicable, any waiver of such FCC Rules as Option Holder may 
deem appropriate or desirable (a Waiver Request). In addition, each party 
hereto covenants and agrees to (i) prepare, file and prosecute any 
alternative application, petition, motion, request (including any Waiver 
Request) or other filing (including, upon the request of Option Holder, any 
motion for leave to withdraw or dismiss any Consent Application or other 
filing made by the parties in connection with the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement) (collectively, the Additional Applications and, 
together with the Consent Application, the FCC Applications); (ii) file 
any amendment or modification to the FCC Applications; (iii) provide to 
Option Holder any information, documents or other materials reasonably 
requested by Option Holder in connection with the preparation of any such 
FCC Applications, including without limitation any Waiver Request; (iv) 
prosecute the FCC Applications with commercially reasonable diligence and 
otherwise use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a favorable 
conclusion with regard to the FCC Applications; (v) otherwise take any 
other action with respect to the FCC as may be reasonably necessary or 
reasonably requested by Option Holder in connection with the transactions 
contemplated hereby; and (vi) cooperate in good faith with the other party 
with respect to the foregoing covenants, all as may be determined by Option 
Holder to be reasonably necessary or appropriate or advisable in order to 
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby upon the exercise of the 
Option. Each party shall promptly provide the other with a copy of any 
pleading, order or other document served on it relating to the FCC 
Applications, shall furnish all information required by the FCC and shall 
be represented at all meetings or hearings scheduled to consider the FCC 
Application. The FCCs written consent to the assignment of the FCC 
Licenses or transfer of the Subject Shares, as the case may be, 
contemplated hereby is referred to herein as the FCC Consent.  The 
parties each agree to comply with any condition imposed on them by any FCC 
Consent, except that no party shall be required to comply with a condition 
if such condition requires such party to divest any of its direct or 
indirect assets. The parties shall oppose any petitions to deny or other 
objections filed with respect to the application for any FCC Consent and 
any requests for reconsideration or review of any FCC Consent.
 
25.          Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The delivery of an 
executed counterpart of the Agreement by facsimile or electronic 
transmission will be deemed to be an original counterpart of the Agreement 
so transmitted.
 
26.          Headings. The section headings contained in this Agreement are 
solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the 
parties and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of 
this Agreement.
 
27.          Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the documents 
delivered pursuant to this Agreement or other written agreements referring 
specifically to this Agreement, and the Letter Agreement embody the entire 
agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Schedule(s) and Exhibit(s) 
hereto are an integral part of this Agreement and are incorporated by 
reference herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations, 
agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all letters of intent and 
other
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
writings executed prior to the date hereof relating to such negotiations, 
agreements and understandings.
 
28.          Sale of Station WPBN-TV and WTOM-TV. In the event that 
Barrington Traverse City License LLC (i) sells all or substantially all of 
the assets, including the FCC licenses, of television broadcast stations 
WPBN-TV and WTOM-TV and (ii) Option Holder does not exercise the Option 
within 30 days of the closing of such sale or otherwise notifies Grantor of 
Option Holders intention to not exercise the Option following the closing 
of such sale, then Grantor and the Company shall have the right, in their 
sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement effective immediately upon 
written notice to Option Holder.
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Option Agreement as 
of the day and year first written above.
 
 
 
GRANTOR:
 
 
 
 
 
TUCKER MEDIA AND MANAGEMENT
CONSULTING L.L.C.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Benjamin W. Tucker
 
Name: Benjamin W. Tucker
 
Title:   Manager
 
 
 
 
 
THE COMPANY:
 
 
 
TUCKER BROADCASTING OF TRAVERSE
CITY, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Benjamin W. Tucker
 
Name: Benjamin W. Tucker
 
Title:   President
 
 
 
 
 
OPTION HOLDER:
 
 
 
BARRINGTON TRAVERSE CITY LLC
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Paul M. McNicol
 
Name: Paul M. McNicol
 
Title:   Senior Vice President/Secretary
                         
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A  Form of Assignment Agreement
 
This Assignment and Assumption Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of [ 
                         ], 20[    ], by and among TUCKER BROADCASTING OF 
TRAVERSE CITY, INC., a Delaware corporation (Seller), TUCKER MEDIA AND 
MANAGEMENT CONSULTING L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (
Parent), and BARRINGTON TRAVERSE CITY LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (Buyer).
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS, Seller, Parent and Buyer are parties to that certain Option 
Agreement, dated as of [              ], 2007 (the Option Agreement); and
 
WHEREAS, Seller and Parent desire to assign to Buyer all of Sellers and 
Parents right, title and interest in, to and under the contracts relating 
to the business of the Stations (as defined in the Option Agreement) 
(collectively, the Assumed Contracts), and Buyer is willing to accept 
assignment of such rights and assume such duties and obligations arising 
under or in connection with the Assumed Contracts, in each case pursuant to 
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Option Agreement and this 
Agreement (including Section 6 hereof).
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which the parties 
acknowledge, Seller, Parent and Buyer, intending to be legally bound, 
hereby agree as follows:
 
  1.     Defined Terms; Interpretation. Except as otherwise set forth
  herein, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them
  in the Option Agreement.
   
  2.     Assignment and Assumption. Pursuant to the terms and subject to
  the conditions of the Option Agreement and effective as of the date
  hereof, (a) Seller and Parent hereby convey, assign, and transfer to
  Buyer, its successors and assigns, all of Sellers and Parents rights,
  titles and interests in, to and under the Assumed Contracts, free and
  clear of any and all liens, and delegate to Buyer all of their respective
  duties and obligations to be performed, or arising on or after the date
  hereof in connection with or under the Assumed Contracts, and (b) Buyer
  hereby accepts the above assignment of rights and delegation of duties
  and obligations and agrees to be bound by and to assume such duties and
  obligations arising under or in connection with the Assumed Contracts to
  be performed or arising on or after the date hereof.
   
  3.     Further Assurances. Each party to this Agreement agrees to
  execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, and to cause to be
  executed, acknowledged, delivered, filed and recorded, such further
  certificates, instruments, and documents and to do, and cause to be done,
  all such other acts and things, as may be required by law, or as may, in
  the reasonable opinion of the other party hereto, be necessary or
  advisable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.
   
  4.     Binding Effect; Amendments. This Agreement shall be binding upon
  and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
  legal representatives, successors and assigns. No modification, amendment
  or waiver of any provision of, or consent or approval required by, this
  Agreement, nor any consent to or approval of any departure herefrom,
  shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party
  against whom enforcement of any such modification, amendment, waiver,
  consent or approval is sought.
   
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  5.     Governing Law. Construction and interpretation of this Agreement
  shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, excluding any
  conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer
  construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law
  of another jurisdiction.
   
  6.     Option Agreement Controlling. Notwithstanding any other provisions
  of this Agreement to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall in any
  way supersede, modify, replace, amend, change, rescind, waive, exceed,
  expand, enlarge or in any way affect the provisions, including
  warranties, covenants, agreements, conditions, representations or, in
  general, any of the rights and remedies, or any of the obligations, of
  Seller, Parent or Buyer set forth in the Option Agreement. This Agreement
  is subject to and controlled by the terms of the Option Agreement.
   
  7.     Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
  counterparts, and each such counterpart hereof shall be deemed to be an
  original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute
  but one agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature
  page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission
  shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original
  counterpart of this Agreement.
   
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.
 
 
Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc.
Barrington Traverse City LLC
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
   Name:
 
Title:
   Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tucker Media and Management Consulting
L.L.C.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
Name:
  
 
Title:
  
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit B  Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement FCC Licenses
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
FCC LICENSES
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
This ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT, dated as of                 , 200 
    (Agreement), is made, executed and delivered by Tucker Media and 
Management Consulting L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (
Parent), Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the Company, and together with Parent, Assignor), and 
Barrington Traverse City LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (
Assignee).
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Assignees exercise of the option to purchase, among 
other assets, the FCC Licenses listed on Attachment A attached hereto (the 
FCC Licenses) granted to Assignee by Assignor under that certain Option 
Agreement, dated as of                     , 2007, by and among Parent, the 
Company and Assignee (the Option Agreement), Assignor has agreed to 
convey and assign to Assignee, and Assignee has agreed to assume, subject 
to the consent of the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC), the 
FCC Licenses;
 
WHEREAS, the FCC has granted its consent to the assignment of the FCC 
Licenses from Assignor to Assignee; and
 
WHEREAS, Assignor desires to transfer and assign to Assignee all of 
Assignors right, title and interest in and to the FCC Licenses and 
Assignee desires to assume Assignees obligations with respect thereto;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants 
and agreements herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Assignor and 
Assignee, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
 
1.             Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Option Agreement.
 
2.             Assignor does hereby assign and deliver to Assignee all 
right, title and interest in and to the FCC Licenses. Assignor shall remain 
liable for all of the obligations and liabilities arising under the FCC 
Licenses insofar as such obligations and liabilities relate to the time 
period prior to the Closing Date.
 
3.             Assignee hereby agrees that it shall assume and discharge 
and perform, insofar as they relate to the time period beginning on and 
after the Closing Date, all the obligations and liabilities of Assignor 
under the FCC Licenses. Assignee shall not assume any other obligations or 
liabilities of the Assignor pursuant to this Agreement.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
4.             Assignor and Assignee shall each execute and deliver such 
other documents and take such other actions as the other party hereto may 
reasonably request, at the FCC or otherwise, to confirm the assignment 
executed hereby and to vest title in and to the FCC Licenses in Assignee, 
except that Assignee shall promptly execute and file a consummation notice 
at the FCC as required by FCC Rules, a copy of which shall be delivered to 
Assignor.
 
5.             Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to 
the contrary, nothing contained herein shall in any way supersede, modify, 
replace, amend, change, rescind, waive, exceed, expand, enlarge or in any 
way affect the provisions, including warranties, covenants, agreements, 
conditions, representations or, in general, any of the rights and remedies, 
and any of the obligations, of Assignor set forth in the Purchase 
Agreement, including, without limitation, any limits on indemnification 
specified therein. This Agreement is subject to and controlled by the terms 
of the Purchase Agreement. Nothing contained herein is intended to modify 
or supersede any of the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.
 
6.             This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns.
 
7.             This Agreement shall be governed, construed and enforced in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without regard to the 
choice of law provisions thereof).
 
8.             This Agreement cannot be amended, supplemented, or changed 
except by an agreement in writing that is signed by the parties hereto.
 
9.             This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts 
and by facsimile, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, Parent and Assignee have executed this 
Agreement as of the date first above written.
 
 
TUCKER BROADCASTING OF TRAVERSE
CITY, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TUCKER MEDIA AND MANAGEMENT
CONSULTING L.L.C.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BARRINGTON TRAVERSE CITY LLC
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit C - Notices
 
    If to Option Holder, to:
     
Barrington Traverse City LLC
745 Fifth Avenue
24th Floor
New York, NY  10151
    Attention:  Paul McNicol
    Fax:  (212) 486-2896
     
    with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
     
    Barrington Broadcasting LLC
    2500 West Higgins Road, Suite 880
    Hoffman Estates, IL 60195
    Attention:  K. James Yager
    Fax:  847-755-3045
     
    and
     
    Covington & Burling LLP
    1201 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20004-2401
    Fax:   202-662-6291
Attention:   Eric Dodson Greenberg, Esq.
     
    If to Grantor or the Company to:
     
    Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc.
    Attention:  Ben Tucker, President
    9434 N. Sunset Ridge
    Fountain Hills, AZ 85268
    Phone:  (480)836-2181
    Email:  bentucker13@cox.net
     
    With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
     
    Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
    2300 N Street, NW
    Washington, DC 20037-1122
    Attention:  Clifford M. Harrington
    Phone:  202-663-8525
    Fax:  202-663-8007
     
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Schedule 5(a)
 
1.             For purposes of this Agreement, the Base Value shall be an 
amount equal to the aggregate amount payable by the Company at the Station 
Closing pursuant to the Station Purchase Agreement; provided, however, 
that in the event that the Company shall have elected to borrow the 
purchase price with respect to its payment obligations under the Station 
Purchase Agreement pursuant to an Acquisition Financing Arrangement, the 
Base Value shall equal the Outstanding Debt.
 
2.             For purposes of this Agreement, the Outstanding Debt shall 
be an amount equal to the total outstanding balance of debt, if any, for 
borrowed money of the Company pursuant to an Acquisition Financing 
Arrangement.
 
3.             For purposes of this Agreement, the Escalation Amount 
shall be an amount equal to the greater of (A) the Fixed Appreciation 
Amount or (B) the Net Broadcast Cash Flow Amount.
 
For purposes hereof, the Fixed Appreciation Amount equals the product of 
(i) the number of calendar years (including fractions of years) during the 
Option Period prior to the exercise of the Option, times (ii) an amount 
equal to $27,000; Net Broadcast Cash Flow Amount means the product of (x
) the number of calendar years (including fractions of years) during the 
Option Period prior to the exercise of the Option, times (y) the average 
net broadcast cash flow (as determined by Option Holder) for the preceding 
12-month period (or if the Option is exercised prior to the first 
anniversary of the Effective Date, the average net broadcast cash flow for 
the period following the Effective Date); provided, however, that the Net 
Broadcast Cash Flow Amount shall not exceed $54,000. Solely with respect to 
that portion of the Cash Purchase Price constituting the Escalation Amount, 
the parties shall apply as a credit against such amount an amount equal to 
$5,000 multiplied by the number of months (including fractions of months) 
between the date of the Station Closing and the date of the Option Closing. 
In no event shall the Escalation Amount result in an internal rate of 
return that is less than zero.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------