 EX-10.3 3 dex103.htm FORM OF ADVISORY AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.3

THE FRONTIER FUND
ADVISORY AGREEMENT


[ ] SERIES


This advisory agreement (the Agreement) dated as of the ___ day of 
_____________, 200_, by and among The Frontier Fund, a Delaware statutory 
trust (the Trust), [Name of Trading Company], a Delaware limited 
liability company (the Trading Company), Equinox Fund Management, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (the Managing Owner) and [Name of 
Trading Advisor], a [ ] (the Trading Advisor). Capitalized and other 
defined terms used and not expressly defined herein shall have the same 
respective meanings as set forth in the Prospectus (as hereinafter defined) 
of the Trust.


W I T N E S S E T H :


WHEREAS, the Trading Company has been organized primarily for the purpose 
of trading, buying, selling, spreading or otherwise acquiring, holding or 
disposing of futures, forward and options contracts and other derivative 
instruments, not held as inventory, on behalf of the proceeds allocable to 
the sale of one or more Series of Units of the Trust. The foregoing 
commodities and other transactions are collectively referred to as 
Commodities; and


WHEREAS, the Managing Owner is authorized to utilize the services of one or 
more commodity trading advisors in connection with the Commodities trading 
activities of the various Series of Units of the Trust; and


WHEREAS, the Trust proposes to make an initial public offering (the 
Offering) of the Units in different Series through the Selling Agents, 
and in connection therewith, the Trust intends to file with the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), pursuant to the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), a 
registration statement on Form S-1 to register the Units, and as part 
thereof a prospectus (which registration statement, together with all 
amendments thereto, shall be referred to herein as the Registration 
Statement and which prospectus, in final form, shall be referred to herein 
as the Prospectus); and


WHEREAS, the Trust will prepare and file applications for registration of 
the Units under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as 
the Managing Owner deems appropriate; and


WHEREAS, the Trading Advisors present business includes the management of 
Commodities accounts for its clients; and


WHEREAS, the Trading Advisor is registered as a commodity trading advisor 
under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the CE Act), 
and is a member of the National Futures Association (the NFA) in such 
capacity and will maintain such registration and membership for the term of 
this Agreement; and


WHEREAS, the Trust, the Trading Company and the Trading Advisor desire to 
enter into this Agreement in order to set forth the terms and conditions 
upon which the Trading Advisor will render and implement commodity advisory 
services on behalf of the Trust during the term of this Agreement;


NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:
 
1. 	Duties of the Trading Advisor.

(a) Appointment. The Trading Company and the Managing Owner hereby appoint 
the Trading Advisor, and the Trading Advisor hereby accepts appointment, as 
the Trading Companys limited attorney-in-fact to exercise discretion to 
invest and reinvest in Commodities during the term of this Agreement the 
amount of assets allocated to the Trading Advisor by the Managing Owner as 
set forth on Exhibit A hereto, as such Exhibit A may be amended from time 
to time (the Allocated Assets) on the terms and conditions and for the 
purposes set forth herein. The

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Managing Owner may adjust the amount of Allocated Assets once a week during 
each calendar month. In addition, the Managing Owner also may adjust the 
Allocated Assets on any Business Day in the event that the Trust receives 
cumulative subscriptions, exchanges or redemptions of Units during any 
month in an amount equal to 20% or greater of the Net Asset Value of the 
Series of which the proceeds are being invested in the Trading Company as 
of the most recent calendar month end. This limited power-of attorney is a 
continuing power and shall continue in effect with respect to the Trading 
Advisor until terminated hereunder. The Trading Advisor shall have sole 
authority and responsibility for independently directing the investment and 
reinvestment in Commodities of the Allocated Assets for the term of this 
Agreement pursuant to the trading programs, methods, systems, strategies 
which the Trust and the Managing Owner have selected to be utilized by the 
Trading Advisor in trading the Allocated Assets as set forth on Exhibit A 
attached hereto (the Trading Approach), subject to the trading policies 
and limitations as set forth in the Prospectus and attached hereto as 
Exhibit B (the Trading Policies and Limitations), as the same may be 
modified from time to time and provided in writing to the Trading Advisor. 
The portion of the Allocated Assets to be allocated by the Trading Advisor 
at any point in time to one or more of the various trading strategies 
comprising the Trading Approach will be determined as set forth in the 
Prospectus or as otherwise agreed to with the Managing Owner, it being 
understood that trading gains and losses automatically will alter the 
agreed upon allocations. Upon receipt of a new allocation, the Trading 
Advisor will determine and, if required, adjust its trading in light of the 
new allocation.-


(b) Allocation of Responsibilities. The Managing Owner will have the 
responsibility for the management of any portion of the Allocated Assets 
that are not invested in Commodities. The Trading Advisor will use its good 
faith best efforts in determining the investment and reinvestment in 
Commodities of the Allocated Assets in compliance with the Trading Policies 
and Limitations, and in accordance with the Trading Approach. In the event 
that the Managing Owner shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine in good faith following consultation appropriate under the 
circumstances with the Trading Advisor that any trading instruction issued 
by the Trading Advisor violates the Trusts Trading Policies and 
Limitations, then the Managing Owner, following reasonable notice to the 
Trading Advisor appropriate under the circumstances, may override such 
trading instruction. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent the 
Managing Owner from imposing any limitation(s) on the trading activities of 
the Trading Company beyond those enumerated in the Prospectus if the 
Managing Owner determines that such limitation(s) are necessary or in the 
best interests of the Trust or the Trading Company, in which case the 
Trading Advisor will adhere to such limitations following written 
notification thereof.


(c) Certain Agreements of the Trading Advisor. The Trading Advisor agrees 
that at least 90% of the annual gross income and gain, if any, generated by 
its Trading Approach for the Allocated Assets will result from buying and 
selling Commodities.


(d) Modification of Trading Approach. In the event the Trading Advisor 
requests to use, or the Managing Owner requests the Trading Advisor to use, 
a trading program, system, method or strategy other than or in addition to 
the trading programs, systems, methods or strategies comprising the Trading 
Approach in connection with trading for the Trading Company (including, 
without limitation, the deletion or addition of an agreed upon trading 
program, system, method or strategy to the then agreed upon Trading 
Approach), either in whole or in part, the Trading Advisor may not do so 
and/or shall not be required to do so, as appropriate, unless both the 
Managing Owner and the Trading Advisor consent thereto in writing.


(e)(1) Notification of Material Changes. The Trading Advisor also agrees to 
give the Managing Owner prior written notice of any proposed material 
change in its Trading Approach, and agrees not to make any material change 
in such Trading Approach (as applied to the Trading Company) over the 
objection of the Managing Owner, it being understood that the Trading 
Advisor shall be free to institute non-material changes in its Trading 
Approach (as applied to the Trading Company) without prior written 
notification. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, refinements 
to the Trading Approach, the deletion of Commodities, and the addition of 
Commodities then being traded (i) on organized domestic commodities 
exchanges, (ii) on foreign commodities exchanges recognized by the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) as providing customer 
protections comparable to those provided on domestic exchanges, or (iii) in 
the interbank foreign currency market to or from the Trading Approach shall 
not be deemed a material change in the Trading Approach, and prior approval 
of the Managing Owner shall not be required therefor. The only forward 
markets that will be permitted to be utilized are the interbank foreign 
currency markets and the London Metal Exchange.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2) Subject to adequate assurances of confidentiality, the Trading Advisor 
agrees that it will discuss with the Managing Owner upon request any 
trading methods, programs, systems or strategies used by it for trading 
customer accounts which differ from the Trading Approach used for the 
Trading Company, provided, that nothing contained in this Agreement shall 
require the Trading Advisor to disclose what it deems to be proprietary or 
confidential information.


(f) Request for Information. The Trading Advisor agrees to provide the 
Managing Owner with any reasonable information concerning the Trading 
Advisor that the Trust or the Trading Company may reasonably request (other 
than the identity of its customers or proprietary or confidential 
information concerning the Trading Approach), subject to receipt of 
adequate assurances of confidentiality by the Managing Owner, including, 
but not limited to, information regarding any change in control, key 
personnel, Trading Approach and financial condition which the Trust or the 
Trading Company reasonably deems to be material to the Trust or the Trading 
Company. The Trading Advisor also shall notify the Managing Owner of any 
such matters the Trading Advisor, in its reasonable judgment, believes may 
be material to the Trust or the Trading Company relating to the Trading 
Advisor and the Trading Approach. During the term of this Agreement, the 
Trading Advisor agrees to provide the Managing Owner with updated monthly 
information related to the Trading Advisors performance results within a 
reasonable period of time after the end of the month to which it relates.


(g) Notice of Errors. The Trading Advisor is responsible for promptly 
reviewing all oral and written confirmations it receives to determine that 
the Commodities trades were made in accordance with the Trading Advisors 
instructions. If the Trading Advisor determines that an error was made in 
connection with a trade or that a trade was made other than in accordance 
with the Trading Advisors instructions, the Trading Advisor shall promptly 
notify the Managing Owner of this fact, and shall utilize its reasonable 
best efforts to cause the error or discrepancy to be corrected.
 
2. 	Standard of Liability; Indemnification.

(a)(i) The Trading Advisor shall not be liable to the Managing Owner, the 
Trust, the Trustee, the Trading Company or the owners of Units (the 
Limited Owners), or any of their respective successors or assigns under 
this Agreement for any act or failure to act taken or omitted in good faith 
in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best 
interests of the Trust and the Trading Company if such act or failure to 
act did not constitute a breach of this Agreement, misconduct or negligence 
on the part of the Trading Advisor. In any threatened, pending or completed 
action, arbitration, claim, demand, dispute, lawsuit or other proceeding 
(each a, Proceeding) to which the Trading Advisor was or is a party or is 
threatened to be made a party arising out of or in connection with this 
Agreement or the management of the Trusts or Trading Companys assets by 
the Trading Advisor or the offering and sale of Units, the Managing Owner 
and the Trading Company shall, subject to subsection (a)(iii) of this 
Section 2, indemnify and hold harmless the Trading Advisor and its 
principals, officers, directors, members, managers, shareholders, partners, 
employees and affiliates (Principals and Affiliates) against any loss, 
liability, damage, cost, expense (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorneys and accountants fees), judgments and amounts paid in settlement 
(Losses) actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with such 
Proceeding if the Trading Advisor acted in good faith and in a manner 
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the 
Trust and the Trading Company and provided that its conduct did not 
constitute negligence, misconduct, or a breach of this Agreement; provided
, however, that no indemnification shall be available from the Managing 
Owner if such indemnification is prohibited by Section 4.6(b) of the Trust 
Agreement. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order or 
settlement shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the Trading 
Advisor did not act in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be 
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Trust.


(ii) Without limiting sub-section (i) above, to the extent that the Trading 
Advisor has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any 
Proceeding referred to in subsection (i) above, or in defense of any claim, 
issue or matter therein, the Managing Owner shall indemnify the Trading 
Advisor and its Principals and Affiliates against the expenses (including, 
without limitation, reasonable attorneys and accountants fees) actually 
and reasonably incurred by them in connection therewith.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) Any indemnification under subsection (i) above, unless ordered by a 
court or administrative forum, shall be made by the Managing Owner only as 
authorized in the specific case and only upon a determination by 
independent legal counsel in a written opinion that such indemnification is 
proper in the circumstances because the Trading Advisor has met the 
applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsection (i) above; provided 
however, that no opinion shall be required to the extent that the Trading 
Advisor incurs any Losses arising directly out of (A) an untrue statement 
of a material fact or any omission to state a material fact required to be 
stated in the Prospectus or necessary to make the statements in the 
Prospectus, in light of the circumstances in which they were made not 
misleading, except for such statements or omissions based upon information 
furnished by the Trading Advisor for inclusion in the Prospectus or(B) any 
Selling Agents selling activities. Such independent legal counsel shall be 
selected jointly by the Managing Owner and the Trading Advisor in a timely 
manner. The Trading Advisor will be deemed to have approved the Managing 
Owners selection unless the Trading Advisor notifies the Managing Owner in 
writing, received by Managing Owner within five days of Managing Owners 
telecopying to the Trading Advisor of the notice of Managing Owners 
selection, that the Trading Advisor does not approve the selection.


(iv) In the event the Trading Advisor is made a party to any Proceeding or 
otherwise incurs any Losses as a result of, or in connection with the 
activities or claimed activities of the Trust, the Trading Company or the 
Managing Owner or its principals, officers, directors, members, managers, 
shareholders, partners or employees unrelated to the Trading Advisor, the 
Managing Owner shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Trading 
Advisor and its Principals and Affiliates against any Losses incurred in 
connection therewith.


(b)(i) The Trading Advisor shall indemnify and hold harmless the Managing 
Owner, the Trust, the Trustee, the Trading Company and each of their 
respective Principals and Affiliates against any Losses actually and 
reasonably incurred by them (A) as a result of a breach of any 
representation, warranty or agreement of the Trading Advisor made in this 
Agreement or (B) as a result of act or omission of the Trading Advisor 
relating to the Trust or the Trading Company if there has been a final 
judicial or regulatory determination that such act or failure to act 
constituted a breach of this Agreement, misconduct or negligence on the 
part of the Trading Advisor; provided, however that such final judicial or 
regulatory determination shall not be required in the event of a settlement 
of any Proceeding with the prior written consent of the Trading Advisor.


(ii) In the event the Managing Owner, the Trust, the Trustee or the Trading 
Company is made a party to any Proceeding or otherwise incurs any Losses as 
a result of, or in connection with, the activities or claimed activities of 
the Trading Advisor or its Principals or Affiliates unrelated to the 
Managing Owner or the Trading Companys business, the Trading Advisor shall 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Managing Owner, the Trust, the 
Trading Company and their respective Principals and Affiliates against any 
Losses incurred in connection therewith.


(c) Promptly after receipt by any of the indemnified parties under this 
Agreement of notice of any Proceeding, the party seeking indemnification 
(the Indemnitee) shall notify the party from which indemnification is 
sought (the Indemnitor) in writing of the commencement thereof if a claim 
with respect thereof is to be made under this Agreement. To the extent that 
the Indemnitor has actual knowledge of the commencement of such Proceeding, 
the failure to notify the Indemnitor shall not relieve such Indemnitor from 
any indemnification liability which it may have to such Indemnitee pursuant 
to this Section 2, and the omission to notify the Indemnitor shall not 
relieve the Indemnitor from any obligation or liability which it may have 
to any such Indemnitee otherwise than under this Section 2. The Indemnitor 
shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any such Proceeding and 
to assume the defense thereof with the assistance of counsel reasonably 
satisfactory to the Indemnitee. In any such Proceeding, the Indemnitee 
shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses 
of such counsel shall be at the Indemnitees own expense unless (i) 
otherwise agreed by the Indemnitor and Indemnitee or (ii) the named parties 
to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the 
Indemnitor and the Indemnitee, and representation of both parties by the 
same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing 
interests between them or the existence of different or additional defenses 
(it being understood, however, that the Indemnitor shall not be liable for 
legal fees or other expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys 
for all such Indemnitees, which firm shall be designated in writing by such 
Indemnitees and be reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitor). The Indemnitee 
shall cooperate with the Indemnitor in connection with any such Proceeding 
and shall make all personnel, books and records relevant to the Proceeding 
available to the Indemnitor and grant such authorizations or powers of 
attorney to the agents, representatives and counsel of the Indemnitor as 
the Indemnitor may reasonably consider desirable in connection with the 
defense of any such Proceeding.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) In the event that a person entitled to indemnification under this 
Section 2 is made a party to any Proceeding alleging both matters for which 
indemnification can be made hereunder and matters for which indemnification 
may not be made hereunder, such person shall be indemnified only for that 
portion of the loss, liability, damage, cost or expense incurred in such 
Proceeding which relates to the matters for which indemnification can be 
made.


(e) None of the indemnifications contained in this Section 2 shall be 
applicable with respect to default judgments, confessions of judgment or 
settlements entered into by the party claiming indemnification without the 
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, or the 
party obligated to indemnify such party.


(f) The provisions of this Section 2 shall survive the termination of this 
Agreement.
 
3. 	Limits on Claims.

(a) Prohibited Acts. The Trading Advisor agrees that it will not take any 
of the following actions against the Trust: (i) seek a decree or order by a 
court having jurisdiction in the premises (A) for relief in respect of the 
Trust in an involuntary case or proceeding under the Federal Bankruptcy 
Code or any other federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
rehabilitation, liquidation or similar law or (B) adjudging the Trust a 
bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, rehabilitation, 
liquidation, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the 
Trust under the Federal Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal or 
state law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, 
trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Trust or of any 
substantial part of any of its properties, or ordering the winding up or 
liquidation of any of its affairs, or (ii) seek a petition for relief, 
reorganization or to take advantage of any law referred to in the preceding 
clause or (iii) file an involuntary petition for bankruptcy (collectively, 
Bankruptcy or Insolvency Action).


(b) Limited Assets Available. In addition, the Trading Advisor agrees that 
for any obligations due and owing to it by the Trust, the Trading Advisor 
will look solely and exclusively to the assets of the Trading Company or to 
the assets of the Managing Owner, if it has liability in its capacity as 
Managing Owner, to satisfy its claims and will not seek to attach or 
otherwise assert a claim against the other assets of the Trust, whether 
there is a Bankruptcy or Insolvency Action taken or otherwise. The parties 
agree that this provision will survive the termination of this Agreement, 
whether terminated in a Bankruptcy or Insolvency Action or otherwise.


(c) No Limited Owner Liability. This Agreement has been made and executed 
by and on behalf of the Trust, the Trading Company and the Managing Owner 
for the benefit of the Units of the applicable Series of the Trust and the 
obligations of the Trust, the Trading Company and/or the Managing Owner set 
forth herein are not binding upon any of the Limited Owners individually 
but are binding only upon the assets and property identified above and no 
resort shall be had to the assets of other Series issued by the Trust or 
the Limited Owners personal property for the satisfaction of any 
obligation or claim hereunder.


(d) Subordination Agreement. The Trading Advisor agrees and consents (the 
Consent) to look solely to the Managing Owner and each Series for which 
trading advisory services are being performed by the Trading Advisor (the 
Contracting Series) and assets (the Contracting Series Assets) of the 
Contracting Series and the Managing Owner for payment of any advisory fees. 
The Contracting Series Assets include only those funds and other assets 
that are paid, held or distributed to the Trust on account of and for the 
benefit of the Contracting Series, including, without limitation, funds 
delivered to the Trust for the purchase of Units in a Series. In 
furtherance of the Consent, the Trading Advisor agrees that any debts, 
liabilities, obligations, indebtedness, expenses and claims of any nature 
and of all kinds and descriptions (collectively, Claims) incurred, 
contracted for or otherwise existing arising from, related to or in 
connection with the Trust and its assets and the Contracting Series and the 
Contracting Series Assets, shall be subject to the following limitations:


(1) Subordination of certain claims and rights.


(i) except as set forth below, the Claims, if any, of the Trading Advisor 
(the Subordinated Claims) shall be expressly subordinate and junior in 
right of payment to any and all other Claims against the Trust and any 
Series thereof, and any of their respective assets, which may arise as a 
matter of law or pursuant to any contract; provided, however, that the 
Trading Advisors Claims (if any) against the Contracting Series shall not 
be considered Subordinated Claims with respect to enforcement against and 
distribution and repayment from the Contracting
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Series, the Contracting Series Assets and the Managing Owner and its 
assets; and provided further that the Trading Advisors valid Claims, if 
any, against the Contracting Series shall be pari passu and equal in right 
of repayment and distribution with all other valid Claims against the 
Contracting Series and (ii) the Trading Advisor will not take, demand or 
receive from any Series or the Trust or any of their respective assets 
(other than the Contracting Series, the Contracting Series Assets and the 
Managing Owner and its assets) any payment for the Subordinated Claims;


(2) the Claims of the Trading Advisor with respect to the Contracting 
Series shall only be asserted and enforceable against the Contracting 
Series, the Contracting Series Assets and the Managing Owner and its 
assets; and such Claims shall not be asserted or enforceable for any reason 
whatsoever against any other Series, the Trust generally or any of their 
respective assets;


(3) if the Claims of the Trading Advisor against the Contracting Series or 
the Trust are secured in whole or in part, the Trading Advisor hereby 
waives (under section 1111(b) of the Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C. S 1111(b)) 
any right to have any deficiency Claims (which deficiency Claims may arise 
in the event such security is inadequate to satisfy such Claims) treated as 
unsecured Claims against the Trust or any Series (other than the 
Contracting Series), as the case may be;


(4) in furtherance of the foregoing, if and to the extent that the Trading 
Advisor receives monies in connection with the Subordinated Claims from a 
Series or the Trust (or their respective assets), other than the 
Contracting Series, the Contracting Series Assets and the Managing Owner 
and its assets, the Trading Advisor shall be deemed to hold such monies in 
trust and shall promptly remit such monies to the Series or the Trust that 
paid such amounts for distribution by the Series or the Trust in accordance 
with the terms hereof; and


(5) the foregoing Consent shall apply at all times notwithstanding that the 
Claims are satisfied, and notwithstanding that the agreements in respect of 
such Claims are terminated, rescinded or canceled.
 
4. 	Obligations of the Trust, the Managing Owner, the Trading Company and 
the Trading Advisor.

(a) The Registration Statement and Prospectus. Each of the Trust and the 
Managing Owner agrees to cooperate and use its good faith best efforts in 
connection with (i) the preparation by the Trust of the Registration 
Statement and the Prospectus (and any amendments or supplements thereto); 
(ii) the filing of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (and any 
amendments or supplements thereto) with such governmental and 
self-regulatory authorities as the Managing Owner deems appropriate for the 
registration and sale of the Units and the taking of such other actions not 
inconsistent with this Agreement as the Managing Owner may determine to be 
necessary or advisable in order to make the proposed offer and sale of 
Units lawful in any jurisdiction; and (iii) causing the Registration 
Statement (and any amendment thereto) to become effective under the 1933 
Act and the Blue Sky securities laws of such jurisdictions as the Managing 
Owner may deem appropriate. The Trading Advisor agrees to make all 
necessary disclosures regarding itself, its principals, trading 
performance, Trading Approach, customer accounts (other than the names of 
customers, unless such disclosure is required by law or regulation) and 
otherwise as may be required, in the reasonable judgment of the Managing 
Owner, to be made in the Registration Statement and Prospectus and in 
applications to any such jurisdictions. No description of, or other 
information relating to, the Trading Advisor may be distributed by the 
Managing Owner without the prior written consent of the Trading Advisor, 
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If any event 
or circumstance occurs as a result of which it becomes necessary, in the 
judgment of the Managing Owner to amend the Registration Statement in order 
to make the Registration Statement not materially misleading or to amend or 
to supplement the Prospectus in order to make the Prospectus not materially 
misleading in light of the circumstances existing at the time it is 
delivered to a subscriber, or if it is otherwise necessary in order to 
permit the Trust to continue to offer its Units subsequent to the Initial 
Offering Period subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the 
Trading Advisor will furnish such information with respect to itself and 
its principals, as well as its Trading Approach and Past Performance 
History as the Managing Owner may reasonably request, and will cooperate to 
the extent reasonably necessary in the preparation of any required 
amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement and/or the 
Prospectus.


(b) Trading Advisor Not A Promoter. The parties acknowledge that the 
Trading Advisor has not been, either alone or in conjunction with the 
Selling Agents or their affiliates, an organizer or promoter of the Trust.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Filings. The Trust may at any time determine not to file the 
Registration Statement with the SEC or withdraw the Registration Statement 
from the SEC or any other governmental or self-regulatory authority with 
which it is filed or otherwise terminate the Registration Statement or the 
offering of Units. Upon any such withdrawal or termination, or if the 
minimum Units of the applicable Series required to be sold pursuant to 
the Prospectus is not sold, this Agreement shall terminate and, except for 
the obligations set forth in Section 2, neither the Trust, the Trading 
Company nor the Managing Owner shall have any obligations to the Trading 
Advisor with respect to this Agreement; nor shall the Trading Advisor have 
any obligations to the Trust, the Trading Company or the Managing Owner 
with respect to this Agreement.
 
5. 	Trading Advisors Closing Obligations.

On or prior to the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) with respect to 
the initial offering of the Trust with respect to the applicable Series of 
Units (the Initial Closing Date), and thereafter, only if requested by 
the Managing Owner, on or prior to each closing date during the continuous 
offering of the applicable Series of Units (each a Subsequent Closing 
Date), the Trading Advisor shall deliver or cause to be delivered, at the 
expense of the Trading Advisor, to the Selling Agents, the Trust, the 
Trading Company and the Managing Owner, the reports, certificates and 
documents described below addressed to them and, except as may be set forth 
below, dated the Initial Closing Date or the Subsequent Closing Date, as 
appropriate. Unless the context otherwise requires, the Initial Closing 
Date and each Subsequent Closing Date shall each be referred to as a 
Closing Date:


(a) a report from the Trading Advisor which shall present, for the period 
from the date after the last day covered by the Trading Advisors Past 
Performance History as set forth under Past Performance Information in 
the Prospectus to the latest practicable monthend before the Closing Date, 
figures which shall show the actual past performance of the Trading Advisor 
(or, if such actual past performance information is unavailable, then the 
estimated past performance) for such period, and which shall certify that, 
to the best of its knowledge, such figures are complete and accurate in all 
material respects;


(b) a certificate of the Trading Advisor in the form proposed prior to the 
Closing Date by counsel to the Trust and the Managing Owner, with such 
changes in such form as are proposed by the Trading Advisor or its counsel 
and are acceptable to the Trust and the Managing Owner and their counsel so 
as to make such form mutually acceptable to the Trust, the Managing Owner, 
the Trading Advisor, and their respective counsel, to the effect that:

(1) the representations and warranties of the Trading Advisor contained in 
this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on the date of 
the certificate as though made on such date;

(2) nothing has come to the Trading Advisors attention which would cause 
the Trading Advisor to believe that, at any time from the time the 
Registration Statement initially became effective to the Closing Date, the 
Registration Statement, as amended from time to time, or the Prospectus, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, with respect to the Trading 
Advisor, or the affiliates, controlling persons, shareholders, directors, 
officers or employees of any of the foregoing, or with respect to the 
Trading Approach or Past Performance History, contained an untrue statement 
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be 
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to 
the Prospectus, in light of the circumstances in which they were made) not 
misleading; and

(3) the Trading Advisor has performed all covenants and agreements herein 
contained to be performed on its part at or prior to the Closing Date;


(c) a certificate of the Trading Advisor signed by any relevant officer of 
the Trading Advisor (together with such supporting documents as are set 
forth in the certificate), in the form proposed prior to the Closing Date 
by counsel to the Trust and the Managing Owner, with such changes in such 
form as are proposed by the Trading Advisor or its counsel and are 
acceptable to the Trust and the Managing Owner and their counsel so as to 
make such form mutually acceptable to the Trust, the Managing Owner, the 
Trading Advisor, and their respective counsel, with respect to, (1) the 
continued effectiveness of the organizational documents of the Trading 
Advisor, (2) the continued effectiveness of the Trading Advisors 
registration as a commodity trading advisor under the CE Act and membership 
as a commodity trading advisor with the NFA and (3) the incumbency and 
genuine signature of the President and Secretary of the Trading Advisor;
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) a certificate from the state of formation of the Trading Advisor, to be 
dated at, on or around the Closing Date, as to its formation and good 
standing, provided that no certificate of formation shall be required at 
any Subsequent Closing Date.
 
6. 	Trusts, Trading Companys and Managing Owners Closing Obligations.

On or prior to the Initial Closing Date, and thereafter on or prior to each 
Subsequent Closing Date, if the Trust, the Trading Company and the Managing 
Owner have requested that the Trading Advisor provide certificates and 
documents, the Trust, the Trading Company and the Managing Owner shall 
deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trading Advisor, the certificates 
and documents to the Trading Advisor and, except as may be set forth below, 
dated each such Closing Date:


(a) certificates of the Trust, the Trading Company and the Managing Owner, 
addressed to the Trading Advisor, in the form proposed prior to the Closing 
Date by counsel to the Trust, the Trading Company and the Managing Owner 
with such changes in such form as are proposed by the Trading Advisor or 
its counsel and are acceptable to the Trust, the Trading Company, the 
Managing Owner and their counsel so as to make such form mutually 
acceptable to the Trust, the Trading Company, the Managing Owner, the 
Trading Advisor, and their respective counsel, with respect to, as 
applicable, (1) the continued effectiveness of the Trust Agreement and the 
Certificate of Trust of the Trust, the limited liability company agreement 
of the Trading Company and the limited liability company agreement of the 
Managing Owner, (2) the continued effectiveness of the registration of the 
Managing Owner as a commodity pool operator under the CE Act and membership 
with the NFA in such capacity and (3) the incumbency and genuine signature 
of the managing member of the Managing Owner; and


(b) certificates from the State of Delaware with respect to each of the 
Trust, the Trading Company and the Managing Owner to be dated at, on or 
around the Closing Date as to the formation and good standing of the Trust, 
the Trading Company and the Managing Owner.
 
7. 	Trading Advisor Independence.

(a) Independent Contractor. The Trading Advisor shall for all purposes 
herein be deemed to be an independent contractor with respect to the Trust, 
the Managing Owner, the Trading Company and each other commodity trading 
advisor that may in the future provide commodity trading advisory services 
to the Trust, other trading companies and the Selling Agents, and shall, 
unless otherwise expressly authorized, have no authority to act for or to 
represent the Trust, the Trading Company, the Managing Owner, any other 
commodity trading advisor or the Selling Agents in any way or otherwise be 
deemed to be a general agent, joint venturer or partner of the Trust, the 
Trading Company, the Managing Owner, any other commodity trading advisor or 
the Selling Agents, or in any way be responsible for the acts or omissions 
of the Trust, the Trading Company, the Managing Owner, any other commodity 
trading advisor or the Selling Agents as long as it is acting independently 
of such persons.


(b) Unauthorized Activities. Without limiting the obligations of the Trust 
set forth under this Agreement, nothing herein contained shall be deemed to 
require the Trust to take any action contrary to its Trust Agreement or 
Certificate of Trust or any applicable statute, regulation or rule of any 
exchange or self-regulatory organization.


(c) Purchase of Units. Any of the Trading Advisor, its principals, and 
employees may, in their discretion, purchase Units in the Trust.


(d) Confidentiality. The Trust, the Trading Company and the Managing Owner 
acknowledge that the Trading Approach of the Trading Advisor is the 
confidential property of the Trading Advisor. Nothing in this Agreement 
shall require the Trading Advisor to disclose the confidential or 
proprietary details of its Trading Approach. The Trust, the Trading Company 
and the Managing Owner further agree that they will keep confidential and 
will not disseminate the Trading Advisors trading advice to the Trading 
Company, except as, and to the extent that, it may be determined by the 
Managing Owner to be (i) necessary for the monitoring of the business of 
the Trading Company and the Trust, including the performance of brokerage 
services by the Trading Companys commodity broker(s) or (ii) expressly 
required by any law, statute, rule, regulation or order, the request of any 
governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory agency, organization, exchange 
or other body or valid legal process. The Trust, the
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Trading Company and the Managing Owner further agree that they shall not 
copy, disclose, misuse, misappropriate or reverse engineer or otherwise 
appropriate or make use of in any manner the investment and trading 
strategies, systems, algorithms, models, techniques, methods, policies, 
programs and analyses previously, currently or hereafter used by the 
Trading Advisor in the conduct of its business including all data, details, 
components, specifications, codes, formulae, know-how (technical or 
otherwise), electronic data processing systems, computer software programs 
and computer hardware systems relating to the foregoing, and all 
embodiments, articulations, applications, expressions and reproductions of 
any of the foregoing including, without limitation, documents, notes, 
print-outs, work papers, charts, diskettes, tapes and manuals. The 
provisions of this Section 7(d) shall survive the termination or the 
expiration of this Agreement.
 
8. 	Commodity Broker.

All Commodities trades for the accounts of the Trading Company and the 
Trust shall be made through such commodity broker or brokers as the 
Managing Owner directs or otherwise as may be agreed upon in accordance 
with such order execution procedures as are agreed upon between the Trading 
Advisor and the Managing Owner. The Trading Advisor shall not be 
responsible for determining that any such bank or broker used in connection 
with any Commodities transactions meets the financial requirements or 
standards imposed by the Trusts Trading Policies and Limitations. At the 
present time it is contemplated that the Trust and the Trading Company will 
execute and clear all Commodities trades through the Clearing Brokers. The 
Trading Advisor may, however, with the consent of the Managing Owner, which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, execute transactions at such 
other broker(s), and upon such terms and conditions, as the Trading Advisor 
and the Managing Owner agree if such broker(s) agree to give up all such 
transactions to the Clearing Brokers for clearance. To the extent that the 
Trading Company determines to utilize a broker or brokers other than the 
Clearing Brokers, it will notify the Trading Advisor.
 
9. 	Fees.

(a) In consideration of and in compensation for the performance of the 
Trading Advisors services under this Agreement, the Trading Advisor shall 
receive from the Managing Owner a management fee (the Management Fee) and 
an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee) as set forth on Exhibit D hereto.


(b) Timing of Payment. Management Fees and Incentive Fees shall be paid 
within twenty (20) Business Days following the end of the period for which 
they are payable. If an Incentive Fee shall have been paid by the Managing 
Owner to the Trading Advisor in respect of any calendar quarter and the 
Trading Advisor shall incur subsequent losses in trading on behalf of the 
Trading Company, the Trading Advisor shall nevertheless be entitled to 
retain amounts previously paid to it in respect of New High Net Trading 
Profits.


(c) Fee Data. The Trading Advisor will be provided by the Managing Owner 
with the data used by the Managing Owner to compute the foregoing fees 
within twenty (20) Business Days of the end of the relevant period.


(d) Third Party Payments. Neither the Trading Advisor, nor any of its 
Principals or Affiliates shall receive any commissions, compensation, 
remuneration or payments whatsoever from any Clearing Broker with which the 
Trading Company carries an account for transactions executed in the Trading 
Companys account.
 
10. 	Term and Termination.

(a) Term. This Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless 
sooner terminated, shall continue in effect for twelve full months 
following the date hereof (the Initial Term). After the expiration of the 
Initial Term, unless this Agreement is terminated pursuant to sections (b), 
(c) or (d) of this Section 10, this Agreement shall be renewed 
automatically on the same terms and conditions set forth herein for 
successive additional one-year terms, each of which shall commence on the 
first day of the month subsequent to the conclusion of the preceding twelve 
(12) month term. The automatic renewal(s) set forth in the preceding 
sentence hereof shall not be affected by (i) any reallocation of the 
Allocated Assets away from the Trading Advisor pursuant to this Agreement, 
or (ii) the retention of Other Advisors following a reallocation, or 
otherwise.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Automatic Termination. This Agreement shall terminate automatically in 
the event that the Trust is terminated. In addition, this Agreement shall 
terminate automatically in the event that the Allocated Assets declines as 
of the end of any Business Day by 50% or more from the Allocated Assets (i) 
as of the first day of this Agreement, or (ii) as of the first day of any 
calendar year, as adjusted on an ongoing basis by (A) any decline(s) in the 
Allocated Assets caused by distributions, exchanges, redemptions, permitted 
reallocations, and withdrawals, and (B) additions to the Allocated Assets 
caused by additional allocations of the Trust Estate to the Trading 
Advisors management based on sales of additional Units of the applicable 
Series.


(c) Optional Termination Right of Trust and Trading Company. This Agreement 
may be terminated at any time at the election of the Managing Owner in its 
sole discretion upon at least one (1) days prior written notice to the 
Trading Advisor. The Managing Owner will use its best efforts to cause any 
termination to occur as of a month-end. This Agreement also may be 
terminated upon prior written notice, appropriate under the circumstances, 
to the Trading Advisor in the event that: (i) the Managing Owner determines 
in good faith following consultation appropriate under the circumstances 
with the Trading Advisor that the Trading Advisor is unable to use its 
agreed upon Trading Approach to any material extent, as such Trading 
Approach may be refined or modified in the future in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement for the benefit of the Trust; (ii) the Trading 
Advisors registration as a commodity trading advisor under the CE Act, or 
membership as a commodity trading advisor with the NFA is revoked, 
suspended, terminated or not renewed; (iii) the Managing Owner determines 
in good faith following consultation appropriate under the circumstances 
with the Trading Advisor that the Trading Advisor has failed to conform, 
and after receipt of written notice, continues to fail to conform in any 
material respect, to (A) any of the Trusts Trading Policies and 
Limitations, or (B) the Trading Approach; (iv) there is an unauthorized 
assignment of this Agreement by the Trading Advisor; (v) the Trading 
Advisor dissolves, merges or consolidates with another entity or sells a 
substantial portion of its assets, any portion of its Trading Approach 
utilized by the Trust or its business goodwill, in each instance without 
the consent of the Managing Owner; (vi) any of the key principals listed on 
Exhibit E is not in control of the Trading Advisors trading activities for 
the Trading Company; (vii) the Trading Advisor becomes bankrupt (admitted 
or decreed) or insolvent, (viii) for any other reason, the Managing Owner 
determines in good faith that such termination is essential for the 
protection of the Trust, the Trading Company and the applicable Series of 
Units, including, without limitation a good faith determination by the 
Managing Owner that the Trading Advisor has breached a material obligation 
to the Trust or the Trading Company under this Agreement relating to the 
trading of the Allocated Assets.


(d) Optional Termination Right of Trading Advisor. The Trading Advisor 
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon ten (10) 
days written notice to each of the Trust, the Trading Company and the 
Managing Owner, appropriate under the circumstances, in the event (i) of 
the receipt by the Trading Advisor of an opinion of independent counsel 
satisfactory to the Trading Advisor and the Trust that by reason of the 
Trading Advisors activities with respect to the Trust and the Trading 
Company, it is required to register as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act or under the laws of any state and it is not so registered; 
(ii) that the registration of the Managing Owner as a commodity pool 
operator under the CE Act, or its NFA membership in such capacity, is 
revoked, suspended, terminated or not renewed; (iii) the Managing Owner 
imposes additional trading limitation(s) pursuant to Section 1 of this 
Agreement which the Trading Advisor does not agree to follow in its 
management of the Allocated Assets, or the Managing Owner overrides trading 
instructions of the Trading Advisor or does not consent to a material 
change to the Trading Approach requested by the Trading Advisor; (iv) if 
the amount of the Allocated Assets decreases to less than $[XX] million as 
the result of redemptions, reallocations or extraordinary expenses, but not 
trading losses, as of the close of business on any Business Day; (v) the 
Managing Owner elects (pursuant to Section 1 of this Agreement) to have the 
Trading Advisor use a different Trading Approach in the Trading Advisors 
management of Trust assets from that which the Trading Advisor is then 
using to manage such assets and the Trading Advisor objects to using such 
different Trading Approach; (vi) there is an unauthorized assignment of 
this Agreement by the Trust, the Trading Company or the Managing Owner; 
(vii) there is a material breach of this Agreement by the Trust, the 
Trading Company and/or the Managing Owner after giving written notice to 
the Managing Owner which identifies such breach and such material breach 
has not been cured within 10 days following receipt of such notice by the 
Managing Owner; or (viii) other good cause is shown and the written consent 
of the Managing Owner is obtained (which shall not be withheld 
unreasonably). In addition, after the expiration of the Initial Term, the 
Trading Advisor may terminate this Agreement as of any calendar quarter end 
upon 90 days prior written notice to the Managing Owner.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Termination Fees. In the event that this Agreement is terminated with 
respect to, or by, the Trading Advisor pursuant to this Section 10 or the 
Managing Owner allocates the Trusts assets to Other Advisors, the Trading 
Advisor shall be entitled to, and the Trust shall pay, the Management Fee 
and the Incentive Fee, if any, which shall be computed (i) with respect to 
the Management Fee, on a pro rata basis, based upon the portion of the 
month for which the Trading Advisor had the Allocated Assets under 
management, and (ii) with respect to the Incentive Fee, if any, as if the 
effective date of termination was the last day of the then current calendar 
quarter. The rights of the Trading Advisor to fees earned through the 
earlier to occur of the date of expiration or termination shall survive 
this Agreement until satisfied.


(f) Termination and the Prospectus. In the event of termination of this 
Agreement, the Prospectus and marketing materials mentioning the Trading 
Advisor shall be amended as promptly as possible.
 
11. 	Liquidation of Positions.

The Trading Advisor agrees to liquidate open positions in the amount that 
the Managing Owner informs the Trading Advisor, in writing via telecopy or 
other equivalent means, that the Managing Owner considers necessary or 
advisable to liquidate in order to (i) effect any termination or 
reallocation pursuant to Sections 1 or 10, respectively, or (ii) fund its 
pro rata share of any redemption, exchange, distribution, Trading Company 
expense or Trust expense. The Managing Owner shall not, however, have 
authority to instruct the Trading Advisor as to which specific open 
positions to liquidate, except as provided in Section 1 hereof. The 
Managing Owner shall provide the Trading Advisor with such reasonable prior 
notice of such liquidation as is practicable under the circumstances and 
will endeavor to provide at least one (1) days prior notice. In the event 
that losses incurred by the Trading Advisor exceed the amount of the 
Allocated Assets, the Managing Owner agrees to cover such excess losses 
from its assets, but in no event from the assets of the other Series issued 
by the Trust.
 
12. 	Other Accounts of the Trading Advisor.

(a) Management of Other Accounts. Subject to section (c) of this Section 
12, the Trading Advisor shall be free to manage and trade accounts for 
other investors (including other public and private commodity pools) during 
the term of this Agreement and to use the same or other information and 
Trading Approach utilized in the performance of services for the Trading 
Company and the Trust for such other accounts so long as the Trading 
Advisors ability to carry out its obligations and duties to the Trust 
pursuant to this Agreement is not materially impaired thereby. In addition, 
the Trading Advisor and its Principals and Affiliates also will be 
permitted to trade in Commodities using the Trading Approach or otherwise 
for their own accounts, so long as the Trading Advisors ability to carry 
out its obligations and duties to the Trading Company and the Trust 
pursuant to this Agreement is not materially impaired thereby.


(b) Acceptance of Additional Capital. Furthermore, so long as the Trading 
Advisor is performing services for the Trust and the Trading Company, it 
agrees that it will not accept additional capital for management in the 
Commodities markets if doing so would have a reasonable likelihood of 
resulting in the Trading Advisor having to modify materially its agreed 
upon Trading Approach being used for the Trust and the Trading Company in a 
manner which might reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect 
on the Trust or the Trading Company. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, it is understood that this section shall not prohibit the 
acceptance of additional capital, which acceptance requires only routine 
adjustments to trading patterns in order to comply with speculative 
position limits or daily trading limits.


(c) Equitable Treatment of Accounts. The Trading Advisor agrees, in its 
management of accounts other than the account of the Trading Company and 
the Trust, that it will not knowingly or deliberately favor on an overall 
basis any other account managed or controlled by it or any of its 
Principals or Affiliates (in whole or in part) over the Trading Company or 
the Trust. The preceding sentence shall not be interpreted to preclude (i) 
the Trading Advisor from charging another client fees which differ from the 
fees to be paid to it hereunder, or (ii) an adjustment by the Trading 
Advisor in the implementation of any agreed upon Trading Approach in 
accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 1 hereof which is 
undertaken by the Trading Advisor in good faith in order to accommodate 
additional accounts. The Trading Advisor, upon reasonable request and 
receipt of adequate assurances of confidentiality, shall provide the 
Managing Owner with an explanation of the differences, if any, in 
performance between the Trading Company and the Trust and any other similar 
account pursuant to the same Trading Approach for which the Trading Advisor 
or any of its Principals or Affiliates acts as a commodity trading advisor 
(in whole or in part).
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Inspection of Records. Upon the reasonable request of, and upon 
reasonable notice from, the Managing Owner, the Trading Advisor shall 
permit the Managing Owner to review at the Trading Advisors offices during 
normal business hours such trading records as it reasonably may request for 
the purpose of confirming that the Trading Company and the Trust have been 
treated equitably on an overall basis with respect to advice rendered 
during the term of this Agreement by the Trading Advisor for other accounts 
managed by the Trading Advisor, which the parties acknowledge to mean that 
the Managing Owner may inspect, subject to such restrictions as the Trading 
Advisor may reasonably deem necessary or advisable so as to preserve the 
confidentiality of proprietary information and the identity of its clients, 
all trading records of the Trading Advisor as it reasonably may request 
during normal business hours. The Trading Advisor may, in its discretion, 
withhold from any such report or inspection the identity of the client for 
whom any such account is maintained and in any event, the Trust and the 
Managing Owner shall keep all such information obtained by them from the 
Trading Advisor confidential.
 
13. 	Speculative Position Limits.

If, at any time during the term of this Agreement, it appears to the 
Trading Advisor that it may be required to aggregate the Trading Companys 
Commodities positions with the positions of any other accounts it or its 
principals own or control for purposes of applying the speculative position 
limits of the CFTC, any exchange, self-regulatory body, or governmental 
authority, the Trading Advisor promptly will notify the Managing Owner if 
the Trading Companys positions under its management are included in an 
aggregate amount which equals or exceeds the applicable speculative limit. 
The Trading Advisor agrees that, if its trading recommendations pursuant to 
its agreed upon Trading Approach are altered because of the potential 
application of speculative position limits, the Trading Advisor will modify 
its trading instructions to the Trading Company and its other accounts in a 
good faith effort to achieve an equitable treatment of all accounts; to 
wit, the Trading Advisor will liquidate Commodities positions and/or limit 
the taking of new positions in all accounts it manages, including the 
Trading Company, as nearly as possible in proportion to the number of 
contracts of the relevant market that would otherwise be held by the 
respective accounts to the extent necessary to comply with applicable 
speculative position limits. The Trading Advisor presently believes that 
its Trading Approach for the management of the Trading Companys account 
can be implemented for the benefit of the Trading Company notwithstanding 
the possibility that, from time to time, speculative position limits may 
become applicable.
 
14. 	Redemptions, Distributions, Reallocations and Additional Allocations.

(a) Notice. The Managing Owner will use its best efforts to give the 
Trading Advisor at least one (1) Business Days prior notice of any 
proposed redemptions, exchanges, distributions, reallocations, additional 
allocations, or withdrawals.


(b) Allocations. Redemptions, exchanges, withdrawals, and distributions of 
Units of the applicable Series shall be charged against Allocated Assets.
 
15. 	Brokerage Confirmations and Reports.

The Managing Owner will instruct the Clearing Brokers to furnish the 
Trading Advisor with copies of all trade confirmations, daily equity runs, 
and monthly trading statements relating to the Allocated Assets. The 
Trading Advisor will maintain records and will monitor all open positions 
relating thereto; provided, however, that the Trading Advisor shall not be 
responsible for any errors by the Clearing Brokers or any other brokers 
appointed pursuant to Section 8. The Managing Owner also will furnish the 
Trading Advisor with a copy of the form of all reports, including but not 
limited to, monthly, quarterly and annual reports, sent to the Limited 
Owners, and copies of all reports filed with the SEC, the CFTC and the NFA. 
The Trading Advisor shall, at the Managing Owners request, make a good 
faith effort to provide the Managing Owner with copies of all trade 
confirmations, daily equity runs, monthly trading reports or other reports 
sent to the Trading Advisor by the Clearing Brokers regarding the Trust and 
the Trading Company, and in the Trading Advisors possession or control, as 
the Managing Owner deems appropriate, if the Managing Owner cannot obtain 
such copies on its own behalf. Upon request, the Managing Owner will 
provide the Trading Advisor with accurate information with respect to the 
Allocated Assets.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
16. 	The Trading Advisors Representations and Warranties.

The Trading Advisor represents and warrants to the Trust, the Trustee, the 
Managing Owner and the Trading Company that:


(a) All references to the Trading Advisor and its principals in the 
Prospectus are complete and accurate in all material respects and as to 
them the Prospectus does not contain any untrue statement of a material 
fact or omit to state a material fact which is necessary to make the 
statements therein not misleading, except that with respect to Table [X] in 
the Prospectus, this representation and warranty extends only to the 
underlying data made available by the Trading Advisor for the preparation 
thereof and not to any hypothetical or pro forma adjustments.


(b) The information with respect to the Trading Advisor set forth in the 
actual performance tables in the Prospectus have been prepared in 
accordance with the Fully-Funded Subset method or such other methods 
approved by the CFTC as described in the Trading Advisors current 
Disclosure Document delivered to the Managing Owner (the Disclosure 
Document). The Disclosure Document complies in all material respects with 
the applicable regulations promulgated under the CE Act by the CFTC and the 
NFAs rules.


(c) The Trading Advisor is duly registered under the CE Act as a commodity 
trading advisor, is a member of the NFA in such capacity, and is in 
compliance with such other registration and licensing requirements as shall 
be necessary to enable it to perform its obligations hereunder, and agrees 
to maintain and renew such registrations and licenses during the term of 
this Agreement.


(d) The Trading Advisor has complied, and will continue to comply, in all 
material respects with all laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders 
having application to its business, properties and assets, the violation of 
which might reasonably be expected, in the Trading Advisors best knowledge 
and belief, to materially and adversely affect its ability to comply with 
and perform its obligations under this Agreement and in connection with the 
offering of Units. As of the date hereof, there are no Proceedings, notices 
of investigation or investigations pending or, to the best knowledge and 
belief of the Trading Advisor, threatened against the Trading Advisor or 
any of its Principals or Affiliates regarding noncompliance with any 
applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations or orders, or at law or in 
equity, or before or by any court, any foreign, federal, state, municipal 
or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or 
instrumentality, or any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory agency, 
organization, exchange or other body, in which an adverse decision might 
reasonably be expected, in the Trading Advisors best knowledge and belief, 
to materially and adversely affect its ability to comply with or perform 
its obligations under this Agreement or result in a material adverse change 
in the condition, financial or otherwise, business or prospects of the 
Trading Advisor.


(e) The Trading Advisor is duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and has full 
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to provide the 
services required of it hereunder. The Trading Advisor is qualified to 
conduct business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which the 
nature or conduct of its business requires such qualification and the 
failure to qualify might reasonably be expected to have a materially 
adverse effect on its ability to comply with or perform its obligations 
under this Agreement (it being understood that any decision as to the 
jurisdiction or jurisdictions in which the Trading Advisor shall conduct 
its business is within the sole discretion of the Trading Advisor).


(f) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the incurrence and 
performance of the obligations contemplated in this Agreement by the 
Trading Advisor will not conflict with, violate, breach or constitute a 
default under any term or provision of its certificate of incorporation, 
by-laws or other charter or governing documents, or any indenture, 
mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to 
which the Trading Advisor is a party, or by which it is bound, or to which 
any of the property or assets of the Trading Advisor is subject, or any 
laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders or other legal requirement 
applicable to the Trading Advisor or to the property or assets of the 
Trading Advisor of any court or any regulatory authority having 
jurisdiction over the Trading Advisor.


(g) This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and 
delivered by the Trading Advisor and is a valid and binding agreement of 
the Trading Advisor enforceable in accordance with its terms.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) At any time during the term of this Agreement that a prospectus 
relating to the Units is required to be delivered in connection with the 
offer and sale thereof, the Trading Advisor agrees upon the request of the 
Managing Owner to provide the Managing Owner with such information as shall 
be necessary so that, as to the Trading Advisor and its principals, such 
prospectus is complete and accurate in all material respects.


(i) The Trading Advisor is not bankrupt or insolvent.


All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement 
shall be continuing during the term of this Agreement and shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement with respect to any matter arising while this 
Agreement was in effect. The Trading Advisor hereby agrees that as of the 
date of this Agreement it is, and during its term shall be, in compliance 
with its representations, warranties and covenants herein contained. In 
addition, if at any time any event occurs which would make such 
representations, warranties or covenants not true, the Trading Advisor 
promptly will notify the other parties of such facts in the manner provided 
below. All representations, warranties and covenants herein contained shall 
inure to the benefit of the party to whom it is addressed and its 
respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, 
successors and permitted assigns.
 
17. 	The Managing Owners Representations and Warranties.

The Managing Owner represents and warrants to the Trading Advisor for 
itself and the Trust that:


(a) The Prospectus as from time to time amended or supplemented is complete 
and accurate in all material respects and does not contain any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact which is 
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except that the 
foregoing representation does not apply to any statement or omission 
concerning any Trading Advisor in the Prospectus, made in reliance upon, 
and in conformity with information furnished to the Managing Owner by or on 
behalf of any Trading Advisor expressly for use in the Prospectus.


(b) It is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and 
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full power 
and authority to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Managing 
Owner is qualified to conduct business and is in good standing in every 
jurisdiction in which the nature or conduct of its business requires such 
qualification and the failure to qualify might reasonably be expected to 
have a materially adverse effect on its ability to comply with or perform 
its obligations under this Agreement (it being understood that any decision 
as to the jurisdiction or jurisdictions in which the Managing Owner shall 
conduct its business is within the sole discretion of the Managing Owner).


(c) The Managing Owner and the Trust have the capacity and authority to 
enter into this Agreement on behalf of the Trust.


(d) This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and 
delivered on the Managing Owners and the Trusts behalf and is a valid and 
binding agreement of the Managing Owner and the Trust enforceable in 
accordance with its terms.


(e) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the incurrence and 
performance of the obligations contemplated in this Agreement by the 
Managing Owner will not conflict with, violate, breach or constitute a 
default under any term or provision of its certificate of incorporation, 
by-laws or other charter or governing documents, or any indenture, 
mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to 
which the Managing Owner is a party, or by which it is bound, or to which 
any of the property or assets of the Managing Owner is subject, or any law, 
statute, rule, regulation, order or other legal requirement applicable to 
the Managing Owner or to the property or assets of the Managing Owner of 
any court or any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Managing 
Owner.


(f) It is registered as a commodity pool operator and is a member of the 
NFA, and it will maintain and renew such registration and membership during 
the term of this Agreement.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) The Trust is a statutory trust duly organized and validly existing 
under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full power and authority to 
enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement.


(h) The Managing Owner has complied, and will continue to comply in all 
material respects with all laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders 
having application to its business, properties and assets, the violation of 
which might reasonably be expected, in the Managing Owners best knowledge 
and belief, to materially and adversely affect its ability to comply with 
and perform its obligations under this Agreement and in connection with the 
offering of Units. As of the date hereof, there are no Proceedings, notices 
of investigation or investigations pending or, to the best knowledge and 
belief of the Managing Owner, threatened against the Managing Owner or any 
of its Principals or Affiliates regarding noncompliance with any applicable 
laws, statutes, rules, regulations or orders, or at law or in equity, or 
before or by any court, any foreign, federal, state, municipal or other 
governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or 
instrumentality, or any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory agency, 
organization, exchange or other body, in which an adverse decision might 
reasonably be expected, in the Managing Owners best knowledge and belief, 
to materially and adversely affect its ability to comply with or perform 
its obligations under this Agreement or result in a material adverse change 
in the condition, financial or otherwise, business or prospects of the 
Managing Owner.


(i) The Managing Owner is not bankrupt or insolvent.


All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement 
shall be continuing during the term of this Agreement and shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement with respect to any matter arising while this 
Agreement was in effect. The Managing Owner hereby agrees that as of the 
date of this Agreement it is, and during its term shall be, in compliance 
with its representations, warranties and covenants herein contained. In 
addition, if at any time any event occurs which would make such 
representations, warranties or covenants not true, the Managing Owner 
promptly will notify the other parties of such facts in the manner provided 
below. All representations, warranties and covenants herein contained shall 
inure to the benefit of the party to whom it is addressed and its 
respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, 
successors and permitted assigns.
 
18. 	Assignment.

This Agreement may not be assigned by any of the parties hereto without the 
express prior written consent of the other parties hereto.
 
19. 	Successors.

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
parties hereto and the successors and permitted assigns of each of them, 
and no other person (except as otherwise provided herein) shall have any 
right or obligation under this Agreement. The terms successors and 
assigns shall not include any purchasers, as such, of Units.
 
20. 	Amendment or Modification or Waiver.

This Agreement may not be amended or modified, nor may any of its 
provisions be waived, except upon the prior written consent of the parties 
hereto.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
21. 	Notices.

Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices required to be delivered 
under this Agreement shall be effective only if in writing and shall be 
deemed given by the party required to provide notice when received by the 
party to whom notice is required to be given and shall be delivered 
personally or by registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt 
requested, or by telecopy, as follows (or to such other address as the 
party entitled to notice shall hereafter designate by written notice to the 
other parties):
 
If to the Managing Owner:
 
Equinox Fund Management, LLC
1660 Lincoln Street, Suite 100
Denver, Colorado 80264
Attention: Mr. Richard E. Bornhoft
Facsimile: 303-832-9354
   	
If to the Trust:
 
The Frontier Fund- [    ] Series
c/o Equinox Fund Management, LLC
1660 Lincoln Street, Suite 100
Denver, Colorado 80264
Attention: Mr. Richard E. Bornhoft
Facsimile: 303-832-9354
 

If to the Trading Advisor:


and in either case with a copy to:
 
Arnold & Porter, LLP
399 Park Avenue, 38th Floor
New York, New York 10022-4690
Attention: Michael F. Griffin, Esq.
Facsimile: (212) 715-1399
 
22. 	Governing Law.

Each party agrees that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to 
conflict of laws principles.
 
23. 	Survival.

All representations, warranties and covenants in this Agreement, or 
contained in certificates required to be delivered hereunder shall survive 
the termination of this Agreement, with respect to any matter arising while 
this Agreement was in effect. Furthermore, all representations, warranties 
and covenants hereunder shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties 
to this Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
 
24. 	Disclosure Document Modifications.

The Trading Advisor shall promptly furnish the Managing Owner with a copy 
of all modifications to its Disclosure Document when available for 
distribution. Upon receipt of any modified Disclosure Document by the 
Managing Owner, the Managing Owner will provide the Trading Advisor with an 
acknowledgement of receipt thereof.
 
25. 	Promotional Literature.

Each party agrees that prior to using any promotional literature in which 
reference to the other parties hereto is made, they shall furnish a copy of 
such information to the other parties and will not make use of any 
promotional literature containing references to such other parties to which 
such other parties object, except as otherwise required by law or 
regulation.
 
26. 	No Waiver.

No failure or delay on the part of any party hereto in exercising any 
right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor 
shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other 
right, power or remedy. Any waiver granted hereunder must be in writing and 
shall be valid only in the specific instance in which given.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
27. 	No Liability of Limited Owners.

This Agreement has been made and executed by and on behalf of the Trust, 
and the obligations of the Trust and/or the Managing Owner set forth herein 
are not binding upon any of the Limited Owners individually, but rather, 
are binding only upon the assets and property of the Trust, and, to the 
extent provided herein, upon the assets and property of the Managing Owner.
 
28. 	Third-Party Beneficiaries.

Wilmington Trust Company, the trustee of the Trust, shall be a third-party 
beneficiary of the applicable provisions of this Agreement. The Principals 
and Affiliates of each of the Trading Advisor and the Managing Owner shall 
be third-party beneficiaries of the applicable provisions of this 
Agreement.
 
29. 	Headings.

Headings to Sections herein are for the convenience of the parties only, 
and are not intended to be or to affect the meaning or interpretation of 
this Agreement.
 
30. 	Complete Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with 
respect to the matters referred to herein, and no other agreement, verbal 
or otherwise, shall be binding upon the parties hereto.
 
31. 	Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same instrument. Signatures on this Agreement may be communicated 
by facsimile transmission and shall be binding upon the parties so 
transmitting their signatures. Counterparts with original signatures shall 
be provided to the other parties following the applicable facsimile 
transmission; provided, that the failure to provide the original 
counterpart shall have no effect on the validity or the binding nature of 
this Agreement.
 
32. 	Series Disclaimer.

The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Trust is organized in 
series pursuant to Sections 3804(a) and 3806(b)(2) of the Delaware 
Statutory Trust Act. As such, the debts, liabilities, obligations and 
expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to 
each series of the Trust shall be enforceable against the assets of such 
series of the Trust only, and not against the assets of the Trust generally 
or the assets of any other series of the Trust or against the Trustee of 
the Trust. There may be several series of the Trust created pursuant to the 
Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement of the Trust.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed for and on behalf of 
the undersigned as of the day and year first above written.
 
THE FRONTIER FUND, with respect to the [_] Series
By: 	  	EQUINOX FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC.
Its: 	  	Managing Owner
By: 	  	 
  	Name
  	Title
 
[NAME OF TRADING COMPANY]
By: 	  	EQUINOX FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC.
Its: 	  	Managing Owner
By: 	  	 
  	Name
  	Title
 
EQUINOX FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC
By: 	  	 
  	Name
  	Title
 
[NAME OF TRADING ADVISOR]
By: 	  	 
  	Name
  	Title
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A


ALLOCATED ASSETS AND TRADING APPROACH


Allocated Assets:

The Allocated Assets shall equal $[XX].

Trading Approach:

The initial trading program to be used by the Trading Advisor shall be 
____________________.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B


TRADING LIMITATIONS AND POLICIES


The following limitations and policies are applicable to assets 
representing the Allocated Assets of the Trust as a whole and at the outset 
to the Trading Advisor individually; since the Trading Advisor initially 
will manage 100% of the Allocated Assets, such application of the 
limitations and policies is identical initially for the Allocated Assets of 
the Trust and the Trading Advisor. The Trading Advisor sometimes may be 
prohibited from taking positions for the Allocated Assets which it would 
otherwise acquire due to the need to comply with these limitations and 
policies. The Managing Owner will monitor compliance with the trading 
limitations and policies set forth below, and it may impose additional 
restrictions (through modification of such limitations and policies) upon 
the trading activities of the Trading Advisor, as it, in good faith, deems 
appropriate in the best interests of the applicable Series of Units of the 
Trust, subject to the terms of this Agreement.


The Managing Owner will not approve a material change in the following 
trading limitations and policies without obtaining the prior written 
approval of Limited Owners owning more than 50% of the applicable Series of 
Units. The Managing Owner may, however, impose additional trading 
limitations on the trading activities of the applicable Series of Units of 
the Trust without obtaining such approval if the Managing Owner determines 
such additional limitations to be necessary in the best interests of the 
applicable Series of Units of the Trust.


Trading Limitations

The [_] Series Units of the Trust will not: (i) engage in pyramiding its 
Commodities positions (i.e., use unrealized profits on existing positions 
to provide margin for the acquisition of additional positions in the same 
or a related Commodity), but may take into account open trading equity on 
existing positions in determining generally whether to acquire additional 
Commodities positions; (ii) borrow or loan money (except with respect to 
the initiation or maintenance of Commodities positions or obtaining lines 
of credit for the trading of forward currency contracts; provided, however, 
that the [_] Series Units of the Trust is prohibited from incurring any 
indebtedness on a nonrecourse basis); (iii) permit rebates to be received 
by the Managing Owner or its affiliates, or permit the Managing Owner or 
any affiliate to engage in any reciprocal business arrangements which would 
circumvent the foregoing prohibition; (iv) permit the Trading Advisor to 
share in any portion of the commodity brokerage fees paid by the [_] 
Series Units of the Trust; (v) commingle its assets, except as permitted by 
law; or (vi) permit the churning of its Commodity accounts.


The [_] Series Units of the Trust will conform in all respects to the 
rules, regulations and guidelines of the markets on which its trades are 
executed.


Trading Policies

Subject to the foregoing limitations, the Trading Advisor has agreed to 
abide by the trading policies of the [_] Series Units of the Trust, which 
currently are as follows:


(1) The Allocated Assets will generally be invested in contracts which are 
traded in sufficient volume which, at the time such trades are initiated, 
are reasonably expected to permit entering and liquidating positions.


(2) Stop or limit orders may, in the Trading Advisors discretion, be given 
with respect to initiating or liquidating positions in order to attempt to 
limit losses or secure profits. If stop or limit orders are used, no 
assurance can be given, however, that the Clearing Brokers will be able to 
liquidate a position at a specified stop or limit order price, due to 
either the volatility of the market or the inability to trade because of 
market limitations.


(3) The Trading Advisor generally will not initiate an open position in a 
futures contract (other than a cash settlement contract) during any 
delivery month in that contract, except when required by exchange rules, 
law or exigent market circumstances. This policy does not apply to forward 
and cash market transactions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(4) The Trading Advisor, on behalf of the Trading Company, may occasionally 
make or accept delivery of a commodity including, without limitation, 
currencies. The Trading Advisor also may engage in EFP transactions (
i.e., an exchange of futures for physical transaction, as permitted on the 
relevant exchange) involving currencies and metals and other commodities. 
Provided that the Trading Company constitutes an eligible contract 
participant (as such term is defined in Section 1(a)(12) of the CE Act), 
the Trading Advisor may engage in swap transactions on behalf of the 
Trading Company.
 
(5) 	The Trading Advisor may, from time to time, employ trading techniques 
such as spreads, straddles and conversions.


(6) The Trading Advisor will not initiate open futures or option positions 
which would result in net long or short positions requiring as margin or 
premium for outstanding positions in excess of 15% of the Allocated Assets 
for any one commodity, or in excess of 66 % of the Allocated Assets for all 
commodities combined. Under certain market conditions, such as an inability 
to liquidate open commodities positions because of daily price 
fluctuations, the Managing Owner may be required to commit Allocated Assets 
as margin in excess of the foregoing limits and in such case the Managing 
Owner will cause the Trading Advisor to reduce its open futures and option 
positions to comply to these limits before initiating new commodities 
positions.


(7) To the extent the Trading Advisor engages in transactions in forward 
currency contracts other than with or through the Clearing Brokers, the 
Trading Advisor will only engage in such transactions with or through a 
bank which as of the end of its last fiscal year had an aggregate balance 
in its capital, surplus and related accounts of at least $100,000,000, as 
shown by its published financial statements for such year, and through 
other brokerdealer firms with an aggregate balance in its capital, surplus 
and related accounts of at least $50,000,000. If transactions are effected 
for the Trading Company in the forward markets, the only forward markets 
that will be permitted to be utilized are the interbank foreign currency 
markets and the London Metal Exchange. The utilization of other forward 
markets requires the consent of the Managing Owner.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C


[ATTACH LATEST DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
OF THE TRADING ADVISOR]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT D


FEE SCHEDULE

(a)(1) The Managing Owner shall pay to the Trading Advisor a monthly 
Management Fee equal to 1/12th of [XX] percent of the Net Asset Value of 
the Series being managed by the Trading Advisor (approximately [XX]% 
annually). For purposes of calculating the Management Fee payable to the 
Trading Advisor, the Net Asset Value of the Series being managed by the 
Trading Advisor shall be determined before reduction for any Management 
Fees accrued, Incentive Fees accrued or extraordinary fees and expenses 
accrued as of such month-end and before giving effect to any capital 
contributions made and any distributions or redemptions accrued during or 
as of such month-end. In the event that a Limited Owner redeems some or all 
of its Units or exchanges some or all of its Units for Units in another 
Series, the Trust is dissolved or terminated or this Agreement is 
terminated as of any date other than the last day of a calendar month, the 
Management Fee for such month shall be paid on a pro-rated basis based on 
the ratio that the number of days in the calendar month through the date of 
such event bears to the total number of days in the calendar month.


(2) Net Asset Value of a Series means the total assets of a Series 
including, but not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents (valued at 
cost plus accrued interest and amortization of original issue discount) 
less total liabilities of the Series, each determined on the basis of 
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently 
applied under the accrual method of accounting (GAAP), including, but not 
limited to, the extent specifically set forth below:


(i) Net Asset Value of a Series shall include any unrealized profit or loss 
on open Commodities positions, and any other credit or debit accruing to 
the Series but unpaid or not received by the Series.


(ii) All open commodity futures contracts and options traded on a United 
States exchange are calculated at their then current market value, which 
shall be based upon the settlement price for that particular commodity 
futures contract and option traded on the applicable United States exchange 
on the date with respect to which Net Asset Value of a Series is being 
determined; provided, that if a commodity futures contract or option traded 
on a United States exchange could not be liquidated on such day, due to the 
operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange upon which that 
position is traded or otherwise, the settlement price on the first 
subsequent day on which the position could be liquidated shall be the basis 
for determining the market value of such position for such day. The current 
market value of all open commodity futures contracts and options traded on 
a non-United States exchange shall be based upon the liquidating value for 
that particular commodity futures contract and option traded on the 
applicable non-United States exchange on the date with respect to which Net 
Asset Value of a Series is being determined; provided, that if a commodity 
futures contract or option traded on a non- United States exchange could 
not be liquidated on such day, due to the operation of rules of the 
exchange upon which that position is traded or otherwise, the liquidating 
value on the first subsequent day on which the position could be liquidated 
shall be the basis for determining the market value of such position for 
such day. The current market value of all open forward contracts entered 
into shall be the mean between the last bid and last asked prices quoted by 
the bank or financial institution which is a party to the contract on the 
date with respect to which Net Asset Value of a Series is being determined; 
provided, that if such quotations are not available on such date, the mean 
between the last bid and asked prices on the first subsequent day on which 
such quotations are available shall be the basis for determining the market 
value of such forward contract for such day. The Managing Owner may in its 
discretion value any assets pursuant to such other principles as it may 
deem fair and equitable so long as such principles are consistent with 
normal industry standards.


(iii) Interest earned on a Series commodity brokerage account shall be 
accrued at least daily.


(iv) The amount of any distribution made shall be a liability of the Series 
from the day when the distribution is declared until it is paid.


(b)(1) The Managing Owner shall pay to the Trading Advisor an Incentive Fee 
of [XX]% of New High Net Trading Profits (as hereinafter defined) 
generated by the Trading Advisor, including realized and unrealized gains 
and losses thereon, as of the close of business on the last day of each 
calendar quarter (the Incentive Measurement Date).


(2) New High Net Trading Profits (for purposes of calculating the Trading 
Advisors Incentive Fees) shall be computed as of the Incentive Measurement 
Date and shall include such profits (as outlined below) since the Incentive 
Measurement Date of the most recent preceding calendar quarter for which an 
Incentive Fee was earned (or, with respect to the first Incentive Fee, as 
of the commencement of operations) (the Incentive Measurement Period). 
New High Net Trading Profits for any Incentive Measurement Period shall be 
the net profits, if any, from the Trading Advisors trading during such 
period (including (i) gross realized trading profit (loss) plus or minus 
(ii) the change in unrealized trading profit (loss) on open positions, 
minus (iii) the fees charged to the Series by the Managing Owner for 
brokerage commissions, exchange fees, NFA fees, give up fees and other 
transaction related fees and expenses charged in connection with the 
Series trading activities (plus 0.5% per annum FCM fee) and an ongoing fee 
for certain administrative services

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(3.0% per annum), and shall be calculated after the determination of the 
Trading Advisors Management Fee, but before deduction of any Incentive 
Fees payable during the Incentive Measurement Period) minus (iv) the 
Carryforward Loss (as defined in the next sentence), if any, as of the 
beginning of the Incentive Measurement Period. If the total of items (i) 
through (iv), above, is negative at the end of an Incentive Measurement 
Period, such amount shall be the Carryforward Loss for the next quarter. 
Carryforward Losses shall (v) be proportionately reduced to reflect 
reductions in Allocated Assets that have been instructed by the Managing 
Owner. Such proportional reduction shall be based upon the ratio that the 
reduction of assets allocated away from, the Trading Advisor bears to the 
then current amount of Allocated Assets which the Trading Advisor is 
managing prior to giving effect to such reduction in the Allocated Assets. 
If Allocated Assets previously allocated to the Trading Advisor are 
reallocated to the Trading Advisor then the Trading Advisors Carryforward 
Losses will be adjusted proportionately to reflect the Carryforward Losses 
associated with the assets which had previously been withdrawn from the 
commodity trading advisor. New High Net Trading Profits shall not include 
interest earned or credited. New High Net Trading Profits shall be 
generated only to the extent that cumulative New High Net Trading Profits 
exceed the highest level of cumulative New High Net Trading Profits 
achieved by such Series as of a previous Incentive Measurement Date. Except 
as set forth below, net losses after proportional reduction under clause 
(v) above from prior quarters must be recouped before New High Net Trading 
Profits can again be generated. If a withdrawal or distribution occurs at 
any date that is not an Incentive Measurement Date, the date of the 
withdrawal or distribution shall be treated as if it were an Incentive 
Measurement Date, but any Incentive Fee accrued in respect of the withdrawn 
assets on such date shall not be paid to the Trading Advisor until the next 
scheduled Incentive Measurement Date. New High Net Trading Profits for an 
Incentive Measurement Period shall exclude capital contributions to the 
Series in an Incentive Measurement Period, distributions or redemptions 
payable by the Series during an Incentive Measurement Period, as well as 
losses, if any, associated with redemptions during the Incentive 
Measurement Period and prior to the Incentive Measurement Date. In 
calculating New High Net Trading Profits, Incentive Fees paid for a 
previous Incentive Measurement Period shall not reduce cumulative New High 
Net Trading Profits in subsequent periods.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT E


List of Key Principals